Love how they look, but the width is a bit narrow and the piece that goes between your toes seems rather oddly placed. I'm hoping for a better fit as I break them in.In no way shape or form is this plus size.Very nice, thank you.I needed a shoe that I could ride for up to 20 hours at a time, every day, over 4 weeks in a recent mountain bike race.  I use the xc70 shoes for xc racing and normal riding but I needed something a little bit better for hike a bike sections.  The m163 performed well.  It is not as comfortable as the xc70...that's like wearing a leather slipper...but it has some nice features.

The sole is easy to hike in, good grip and durable but plenty stiff for riding.  The uppers wear nicely and the closure system is the standard ratchet system that just works.  They breath fairly well...I rode these for over 4000 miles so far in everything from 25 degrees to 104.

One nice thing for me is how far back you can set the cleat.  In super long races I like the cleat back as far as possible to minimize achilles tendon stress.  The only issue I've had is developing a hotspot on the outside on my pinky toe.  This was not bad but as I stated, not as comfortable as the xc70's I ride for shorter rides.

Overall this is an excellent shoe.not what i thought.Got a real bad rub on the back of my ankle the first few times I wore these. The shoes look, great, but are a tighter fit than other styles made by the same manufacturer in the same size.The A-TACS trousers are NOT 50/50 NYCO.  They are the cheaper poly/cotton.  Tru-Spec announced NYCO A-TACS TRU Trousers.  As much as I hate velcro closure pocket flaps, Propper's crappy poly-cotton is worse.I get comments all the time on these cool looking slipper/shoes.  I totally love them. I ordered two more pair! So comfy.Wow! These are really cool, soft and silky! Unfortunately the sizing is all wrong for American sizes. This was way too small. I usually wear an XL, but would need a 4 or 6x to be comfortable in this...sending order back, but sure would have liked to keep due to the fabric and the vivid colors!Love this skirt!  It's very pretty. The ombre dye job is smooth.  The bustle ties make the skirt more versatile than you think.  I've worn it four different ways already.  Just use your imagination and you can go beyond the standard bustle!nice slippers that don't look too boring. love the gold color too, goes with a lot of stuff!!!Like it !These are soft, come in super cute colors, and keep you warm. However, they started piling - major piling - after the first wear.  I bought 4, one for myself and one for each of my kids, and  every time I do a load of wash, our ski laundry gets covered in brightly colored balls of fabric.  I would not recommend them.Adequate enough in appearance. Basic bag for work. I don't like to spend a lot because the prison I work in is very dirty. Very disappointed in quality.  There is already significant peeling & loss of black "coating" in a 1 inch area as well as peeling along seam of bag.  Did I say that I merely carried this bag into work, placed it on a hard surface for a few hours, then walked out again? How does a bag get so easily damaged when nothing has touched it except a hard tiled floor?  Pretty poor quality.  Wish I had just gone to a local Target, paid a bit more, and had a durable work bag that would have lasted months.Unlike the older model, the pin is set on a downward angle. You have to hold the pin up while screwing it  into your watch strap link, if not it digs down under the strap and misses the pin completely. My guess is that it was not made with great precision. I ended up using the extra removable pins on my older pin removing tool.The cloth seems a bit light and sheer for men's underwear.  It's obvious when you look at the side panels next to the middle, double, section.

Otherwise OK.They were good but it kinda looks like of they were used before, bleh never mindGold is too bright.  I returned.  Not for me.We bought this for our 6 yr old (wears a 6/ boys' small) to wear for Halloween and it is fine in the arms and just a little long in the legs, but the padding in the chest is really large and scratchy for him to wear. Also, one velcro strap which attaches across the bottom of his shoes to keep the boot covers in place ripped after wearing it twice. All in all, not bad for a bigger kid, but definitely uncomfortable for a smaller one.Runs small and tight up top, the bottom is perfect. I wish it was more stretchy like material up top. Because of the way the top fits don't know to recommend going 2 sizes biggerBeautiful dress. Ordered Medium as per reviews. Sadly, it was too small for my boobies. It fit everywhere else. Im 36D (sometimes DD), 27, 36.A bit smaller then expected.Material feels really nice... As for the cup size it did not hold anything! I had ordered an extra large due to my breast size and it definitely was not XL. Felt like a M/L.It covered my books and went halfway down my arms.I have really enjoyed this watch, but the battery life has been shorter than expected.

Pros: It has replaced my watch without looking obviously like a fitness tracker. People are usually surprised to find out it isn't just a watch. The app is pretty easy to use and I like the way that the data is laid out. I also love the sleep tracking and that I don't have to charge it overnight like other trackers.

Cons: I had it for less than 3 months and I have already received a notification that the battery will need replaced soon. Battery life was one of the selling points for me so I'm a little frustrated that I have to have it replaced so soon. Functionality/integration with other apps is limited. For example, my health insurance offers a website that helps encourage better habits and give you points and rewards. People who use other larger brands can easily connect their devices and receive credit for their activity, but that's not the case with Withings. Another con is that I don't really know any one else using Withings products so it takes away the ability to compete with someone. This doesn't really have to do with the product itself but something to consider if

Overall I really like this watch and my main issues are more with how it integrates with other apps rather than the product itselfI would order a size larger than I wear...this is very small for a size large. I'm going to wear this, but might need help peeling it offI really like them, they are very cute. They did not bother my sensitive skin. The color is very bright.sleeves and legs were too longThis earrings are beautiful.  They are not too large and so look hang perfectly for a teenager or a small frame.I HAVE BOUGHT THESE BEFORE, BUT, I DO WISH THERE WERE PRETTIER COLORS.  LIKE LIME, PURPLE PASSION.  YOU GET THE DRIFT.Nice  and confortableThese fit just like Robeez and provide the same high quality protection of baby's feet without the high pricetag!  I bought these as a gift for a little one I see regularly, and would definitely buy again and suggest to friends :)Beautiful color backpack. Well made and quick shipper.This is the second time I ordered this shoe, I wore out the first pr.  Leather scratched too easilyAlthough they were nice, the color is not as bright as shown.After reading reviews I was 50/50 on this sandal. I must say.. Dont hesitate.. Buy today! I have a narrower foot and it could be a tad narrower but for the price and trying every other sandal out there.. It's near perfect. If Clarks are too wide for you, this will be perfect. On the other hand, if you have a wide foot, it's not for you. It runs true to length also.Love argan oil. I use it for my hair and the oil really adds a softness to my hair. Also loved that it came with the dropper.Like most things the marketing picture is a little better than reality.

It is all well made and I like the tie.  I liked the picture, I put it with a black suit.  It just doesn't pop like it does in the picture, it pretty much just faded into the suit.

Love the tie combo, I'm just going to wear it with a different (non-black) suite.The fit was way to big and short somehow, very box unflattering fit. The material was also awful, I found scrubs way cheaper with quaility materialCame with broken tip and crack in handle.This took a little longer to get than I was hoping for, but the product is as promised, and I do like it.Was a little "cheaper" looking than I expected.Bought them for a wedding. Tried them on the day I received them fit well. Noticed they looked a little cheap. The day of the wedding I put them on just before walking down the aisle. As we were walking out I noticed my right shoe was really loose. When I got to the back of the church I took it off and see the strap had slid out of the side of the shoe. Thank goodness the bride had glue in her kit for me to repair them. I was very disappointed in the quality of these shoes. Cute design it they were made of quality products.Strange jacket.  Because it did not come in traditional sports jacket sizes, it seemed kind of short on me.  And the inner material seemed cheap, not what i expectedI wanted a blue dial. They call it blue. Everyone else calls it black.This is a great looking boot, my granddaughter has some Uggs that these look like and these were much less expensive. They are comfortable with a great lining all the way to end of the toe.
My only problem with this boot is that they run very small........I ordered a size 11 as I usually take a 10/101/2 and thought to be on the safe side I would go bigger........good thing I did as this size 11 is none to big and a smaller size would have had to be sent back!!
Great boot for the money!!!!!While these are very comfortable, both pairs I purchased have developed runs within hours of first wearing them.  I wear pantyhose on an almost daily basis and have never worn any that snag this easily.Fits as expected, never had a problem with Cherokee. However, if you order with a pair of Cherokee pants this is not as "shiny" material as pants.I ordered a size up based on what other reviewers stated and the Medium fit fine. 5'6", 140lbs for reference.It is nice but with the same price you can get something better , if between sizes pick the smaller size .I haven't worn them a full day yet, so I can't do a just review.Too narrowFirst of all, I love this bag. I love the color but when I recieved it, the shoulder strap inside , was black. I have talked to customer service to see if they could just send me a brown strap but I'm told I need to return the whole purse and reorder. This would be ok but I got it on a lightening deal, and they won't honor that price.I ordered these in October and received them quickly. They look just like the picture and are made from a thick material. It is December now and the front part of the shoe has come undone from the bottom. I bought them for my son who is an active 11 year old and is rough with his things but he has never gone through a pair of shoes so quickly. I would not recommend for daily wear.The fabric is good and seems worth the price. My reason for giving only two stars is that the color is not as vibrant as it looks in this picture. I ordered the mustard vibrant print. Instead of white, bright yellow & blue as appears in the picture, the actual colors are duller shades of brown & blue with little white print. Because of all dark colors meshed together it is anything but vibrant. The picture can be a bit misleading from the actual product.Cons: The feather on this necklace is larger than I thought.  I'm a pretty small person and this feather looks almost awkwardly big on me.  It's around 2.5-3 inches long.  Definitely thought this feather would be more tough and "Ox Bone" like it says, but it feels like cheap plastic and is super light weight.  Also, the string is made of pretty cheap material.  I wouldn't buy this if I knew it'd be that way.

Pros: The feather looks really nice.  It looks just as in the picture which is really pretty and nice.Slides are sqeakyVery good quality. Perfect for wearing alone or as an outer layer on cool/cold days.These pants did not fit right and they were not long enough. I sent them back. I thought it was strange since Koi usually fits great.Bag has worn really well. Would love it if it had a briefcase handle on the top and a key clip inside (my keys always fall to the bottom and are buried). Holds a good amount and I get compliments on the bag (the fabric and pattern are pretty neat).I wear a 3xl big, ordered 3xlt because wanted a little extra length. These shirts fit tight and are very snug in the big belly section. 100% cotton suggest getting size largerShrank up so it is too short in body and sleeves.  Thin material.  Not nearly as nice as their Beefy-T shirts.  Disappointed.Material is thin and soft- you can't just slip it on out of the shower and walk around the house.  A darker color would mask the problem of seeing through the fabric. This robe runs a little big.  I am size 6 and ordered a medium.  The size small would have probably fit better.Fit 1/2 size small. Have to return for bigger size but very nice looking shoe. Looking forward to getting the right size.came with dead batteryI love the dress. It fits perfect. I am 5.9 and wear a size 10 and the medium fit great!I love the shoes, but had to reorder a 9.5. This shoe runs large.I have a formal to attend with hubby and the theme is top hats and tiaras so I love the added glam these rhinestones offered.  I'm also 5'9" and hubby is 6'.  I can't wear too high of a shoe or I tower over him and this heel is just under 3 inches and pretty comfortable, although the box area around the toes is lower than typical and fits strangely when you first put these shoes on.  I was not put off by the roominess of the shoe because I plan to put gel inserts to improve my wear-ability of this high heel shoe for 5-6 hours.  I think having that extra space will help ensure they're not overly tight with the inserts.  These shoes are very slick...so I'll most likely have to rough them up or shop for something to stick to the bottoms.  But these are the most darling shoe and will look great with my retro 50's style gown and Marilyn Monroe look.I have pronated ankles and this particular style gaped on the outside,  had to return. They are beautiful, loved the dark gray, almost black color.i has a very good quality but unfortunately i recieve a rong size.These are so cheap looking and they come very wide. I would not recommend these at all.Well made. Fits awesome (5'6, 140lbs, athletic build). I used this as a coverup for my bikini competition. I had my sponsors logo put on the back. It was a great buy, and you can't beat the price.Very pleased thank you..Finally found a good pair of swim trunks! Looking at sixty-one stinks and I've let the pounds add up thru those years. I still refuse to buy jeans any larger than 44 ... even though they are tight. These swim trunks in the XXL size fit great! They are well made and are everything you could ask for in a quality bathing suit. I ordered mine in the "Caneel Bay" (sort of a pale bluish-green) that look like expensive trunks but not an "over-the-top: color choice. I feel like Jackie Gleeson in them ... "and away we go!". Hmmmm.The shoes are pretty, but the straps that cross over the top of your foot are too loose and the shoe "slaps" like a flip flop.  I did not feel like I would be comfortable or steady in these shoes for my wedding.This one fit just rightI don't agree with the previous review--sounds like the individual may have gotten a defective bag--this is an amazing bag for the price!  I had seen it in department stores for a lot more money and waited for it to go on sale on Amazon.  I have used it several times already.  The construction is great and it is a very spacious bag.  The sides pull up to give more room if necessary.  Overall, WELL worth the investment!  I am looking at the other sizes to add to my collection!I definitely ordered these shoes in too small a size. I normally wear an 8.5, but I should have ordered a 9 or 9.5.  The support offered by this sneaker is not as good as Nike or Adidas (IMHO)NOT TRUE TO SIZE
FITS LARGEthis is a beautiful ring. simple and not flashy.I am a 8.5/9 and got these in 8.5 and they were too big. Also, they are very wide around the ankle. I am returning them.Bought these for my dad, we couldn't find anything that would fit his swollen feet.  He loves them!  But said they would have fit better if 1/2 size longer.  Soft and comfortable.It is a very large pant. I bought a 32W and it seemed like a 40W. I couldn't return them, and lost my money. Gave them to another person, a big one, that could take advantge from them.Sequins look a little tacky and cheap.For 15 dollar toddler sweatpants I would expect them to hold together long enough to come out of the package. Super cute but they run very large and are poorly sewn together. Easier to sew them myself they try and return.Catches on clothes easily. Maybe because the crown on this one is slanted up (highest at top of crown).

Shipping arrived early, I am leaving this with still a week left on expected shipment date.Material is cool, but I ordered two sizes larger than my regular size and it was still too small and way too short. This shirt is for short, small guys.I ordered a v neck snd got a round neck  not happynot a good fit compared to other christopher blue shorts that i own
i also didn't realize that i would have to pay for postage to mail this item back thought  i would have the same nice service as i usually have with amazon purchases
joanShoes looks legit and on point, but came with a replacement box instead of the original box.The shoes are cute.  They are just a little tight width wise.  Once I wear them a few times they should stretch out some and feel more comfortable.Extremely tight fit and very thin. Should be half the cost what I paid for it. Unimpressed with the overall feel of the design.LOVE BROOKS GREAT ARCH SUPPORT COMFORTABLEThey simply were not what I expected. I think it's more me (my taste) than the make-up of the pants. I didn't pay much for them so i will pass them along.Too long and poor quality
Thumbs up to Gildan brandBeautiful fabric,fit and priceThe pants fits great but the material was not cotton, more like a polyester blend, not what i expected  from dickies, had to return them.This is a good hat.  It's comfortable, light weight, and the fit is snug enough that it feels secure but not binding.  The cord holds it on firmly, and it's a very effective shade for my face and neck.Not worth the money looks to girly because it's too small I recommend a bigger sizeWide toe box, arch support and no squish like running shoes which makes them great for lifting. But it's almost a half size too small. My toes are right up against the edge and usually I'm a true 9.I loved this bag/backpack when my friend showed me her tan colored one.  I ordered the red, and she ordered a second bag in black.  The bags came in - i was disappointed that my "red" bag was really a wine color.  Not what I wanted or expected.I bought one of these and it was defective out of the box. The first day it stopped unexpectedly after 10 hours. The second day it stopped after 5 hours. The watch looks nice but it was unreliable and would stop without warning.

Materials included with the watch that state Stuhrling is a Swiss owned company using Swiss standards and Swiss technology but the watch is actually made in China. I had read mixed reviews of Stuhrling watches from buyers so I can't say I was completely surprised that I had to return it but the watch looked so nice it was still disappointing. Just the same the watch was little more than expensive looking junk.

Buy anything from this company at your own risk and make sure the retailer allows returns--I could have sent my watch back under warranty with 20.00 to get it repaired or replaced but since it arrived defective getting a refund from the retailer seemed like the better option.Cute, good price. Better quality than expected for the low price, especially since he grew out of t quickly (newborn size).Recommend buying one size larger.Inside of shoe feels kind of weird.Very happy of color & quality of shoe.. Fits what I'd hoped normally wear 71/2 but in sandals ordered 8 have room toe to heel.. Have worn out yet however, looking forward of rocking them!!You get what you pay for.They proudly display the crew of the Millennium Falcon, Han Solo and Chewbacca, on each leg. Dont have the confidence to shoot first? Are you unable to complete the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs? Then these leggings are the answer; making even the smallest Ewok feel ten feet tall!! You won't want to dump your shipment at the first sight of an Imperial Cruiser in these comfortable leggings.

Whether on the job trading with Jawas on Tatooine or spending an afternoon of riding Tauntauns, these are appropriate for all occasions; including military award ceremonies for destroying an enemy base and the evening in the tree cities of Endor that follows.

For the guys, it makes a fabulous gift for the special lady in your life (she's more likely to wear this over a gold two piece) or wear them yourself and proudly show off your light saber!

May the FORCE be with you in the form of these fashionable leggings!It's cute but way too small.Like the soft material.  Like the hang.  The sleeves are ridiculously bell-shaped and there are no cuffs on the wrist.  Be prepared to wear it rolled up 100% of the time.  Or join the choir.They fit just ok. They are by far not slim or even narrow as one would hope to have when purchasing chino joggers. They run very long, beyond a 34 instead. Shortly after purchasing the tan Levi's chino joggers, I purchased a black Levi's chino joggers as well before trying on the tan ones. The Black Levi's chino joggers are the same joggers, but different color. For some reason or another they fit completely different. They are slim/narrow all around and they fit perfect, the way that they were supposed to fit,  not like the tan ones. I'm thinking that the tan Levi's chino joggers were made defectively. I've already washed them and therefor can't return them.I own five other pair of Orthaheel shoes and these, by far, are the least awesome. The shoe has already started falling apart (I wear them for about 6 hours a week at a job where I work on my feet) and the shoe is only supportive through the sole- not at all through the body of the shoe. Buy an Orthaheel shoe, but not this one.I already owned a pair of the WonderWink Women's Scrubs Quebec Full Elastic Cargo Pant in a 3x tall so I decided to give these a try. I loved the fact that they had the 3x TALL.
Unfortunately, I can't get them over my hips. I don't know what the difference is between these & the elastic, but I'll be returning these and going back to the elastic waist.
I'm SO disappointed!They are cheap and made cheap. You get what you pay for here. Would buy again.Really nice. Comfy and cute. Fit perfectly!Great product and does the jobSoooooo cheaply made!!! Do not buy it. No returns.They would be okay if the left shoe weren't so tight.  I didn't expect them to be quite so sparkly.very smallNot soft. Uncomfortable.Been buying their sweatshirts for years because of their fit and comfort. Great in the fall and winter when it can be a little chilly.Just right & comfy all day.It's no shocker this is a sub $20 unit.  I removed it from the box, and before removing the plastic bag covering it I instantly noticed very inconsistent stitching.  On the top some of the stitching is randomly longer than other pieces, there are random gaps in the stitching, and other places the stitching is shorter than the rest.
It continues around the side perimeter of the box, but it's not as bad as the top, but still pretty obvious.  The lid itself has a bit of play that I noticed before even unlatching it to open it.  The plastic on top is secure.  The box resembles a cheap fake leather, upon running your finger over it, you instantly notice it's plastic (which of course it to be expected with a sub $20 item).  The bottom portion of the case is cardboard with vinyl over it.
Upon opening the case, you instantly notice the very cheap lace which stops the lip from rotating more than 90 degrees.  I doubt this can take much abuse.
The "pillows" for the watches are cheap but should hold fairly well.  I doubt they'll take much abuse.  It's obvious they're just a cardboard skeleton with fabric covering them.  The square segment can be removed, but you'll have to remove the entire column.

In all, for less than $20, it's the quality you'd expect from a HomeGoods or similar crafts store.  In other words, expect quality less than Wal-Mart or K-Mart.  Does it work?  Definitely.  Is it well built? Far far.Runs a bit small, order a size up.It's a very nice attractive watch. Quite simple but very elegant.  The finish is really good and the dial is of decent size. Highly recommend this Dress watch to everyone .Nice earrings but the color on amazon did not match what I got.I am a fighter, a runner, biker, and generally muscular. I wear a size 6 jeans, so I'm not even overweight or anything. But these boots don't fit over my calves. I've seen plenty of gals with bigger calves than mine. The foot part fit perfectly, though. The laces and tongue are just display, so I couldn't adjust them at all. I was pretty broken hearted because they are so adorable and have been looking for something like these for a long time. Shame on Volatile for making boots that fit only girls with small calves. I am so very, very disappointed.
My mom likes them so I gave them to her (my legs are literally twice as big as hers) but if she hadn't wanted them I would have returned them.
ARGHHH!!!!I agree with the other reviewer. They are very cute, true to size, super comfy, rich black color, nice quality flats. And in my case I like the fact that they do not damage my pedicure, they are that nice and soft.It's good and I like it. I wish the product was made of cotton and had less man made, "plastic type" materials in the fabric.I thought the upper part of hat would be standing upwards like a professional baseball hat so that the chess pieces could b clearly recognized n given better style. I reall don't like itBought for wife.  She did not like it.Bought as a gift, they loved it.I LOVE THIS DRESS! The cut is very vintage! I get compliments whenever I wear this out. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because of the fabric. The fabric is stiff and weird. If you own an old 1950's swimsuit, the fabric is the same!The nack flap is quite short.Nice lookgood but please ship in a boxNot longer length.....tend to creep up the leg. Will not buy again.I love itExtremely poor quality for the price!The nose piece is slightly crooked which makes the glasses semi awkward. Other than that they're great.If I could leave no stars I would. Wore it twice and it broke! Actually both broke! Don't buy their junk!!!!Good robe.  I'll buy it again.  Nice price.Was a lot smaller than I thought it would be.They are uncomfortable to walk with for more than one hour. It's okay if you are going to just sit and not walk too much.
They definitely are super cute and great color.Very cheapIt's nice but it's only for one person.  Hard to share with a 2nd person.  It will protect half the upper third of the body from rain but not from the waist down in a downpour.  This umbrella though is attractive, made well and it is good that it is transparent so you can see around you for safety reason.  However, I am not impressed with bubble type umbrellas because it is not very practical.I really really hate this purchase, I truly believe that I waste my money  and if possible require a refund.

This bag is cheap looking, material flimsy and bottom do not have any support so as to organize your items in the bag. After one wear the bag handle frazzled out and is unable to repair...Please do not buy this item...looks beautiful in the picture but that is all to it...  I hate hate hate hate hate this itemWhat can you expect from a sandal? Well....it delivers.
They're comfortable, light, good fit, good price and they look really good.Fits bigger than other large scrubs especially through the shoulders.  Minimal shrinking when washing/drying.Shirt has a comfy material. The neck area is too big and the length is too short. In order for it to go under the belly, you basically are showing all your cleavage. When you pull the top back in place, the bottom doesn't go under the tummy. The arms suddenly have a seam just below the elbow that makes it look and feel a little awkward. I have to wear a scarf with it to feel like I'm covered up top. It just doesn't "fit" right.Got it to fit a wide calf and it's huge everywhere. Need to wear 4 pair of socks just to stay on. Love the color though.Cute design and the quality is good but seriously this is nowhere near newborn size. It's massive like for a 10 month old.Nice but runs smallThese had to be returned as they were too long for a standard rain bootRings will not stay facing front.The shirt was fine I wish you had a 3X that's the size I neededBad quality I have bought waist trainers this size and they fit perfect but this one is horribleWatch it cute but does not work, way too slow and the one in black I got does not work at all it gets stuck at the # 9. If you want as bling then get because it is cute. Just hope no one asks you what time it is.I needed extra pairs of these pants as I could only find one pair locally. The two pairs I received were both tagged the same. Neither pair fit like the pair I originally had. One pair I was barely able to get over my hips. There is about 1.5" difference in the waist when held up together. The other pair is more snug than the pair purchased locally, but wearable. I am really wondering if these are factory seconds sold at full price???The most horrible belt that i had so far , it doesnt fit it doesnt stay and i couldn't return it so good luck people with going for cheaper stuff it is not worth itI wanted to return them but I didn't know how to go about it. So now they're just folded up in the corner of my closetI love them, they're beautiful ... I am very sorry, these did not fit right.  The shoe size is perfect, I have a somewhat wide ankles and still fits like it's too big.  The ring is beautiful, but the center stone is described as a sapphire blue.  It is nowhere near sapphire blue, but is a great aquamarine blue.Was as described but the material of the shirt was very rough and scratchy even after washing it twice, wish they would use a different type of material next time!Loved this item and ordered it in large but had to return due to it being tight in bust and too small in shoulders. So I ordered next size up which fit very nicely in bust but seemed as the shoulders fit the same as previous size, like a small. Im so disappointed as I really love pattern #22Material is a little thin. Color is as pictured. I used it for airsoft to protect my neck. Fits well and does the job.Pieces fell off.Like it not overly supportive.Not a narrow fitting at all - length ok but these toe-peepers have a distinct Minnie Mouse feel.  Bad choice on my part!These are good tap shoes, my daughter complains that they are a little snug around her heal but they still fit and she's loving the class so far so it isn't so bad. She normally wears a kids size 13 and I bought her a 13.5 thinking they'd run small... They do. I'd order one full size bigger as opposed to half a size bigger but they still work.I took a chance on buying cloths on amazon and was happy yet irritated. The jeans fit at the waist and hips but that's it. For a plus size girl I have smaller legs and these jeans are way loose on my thigh, knee and calf. Its funny that they are loose in these areas since the description said narrow fit through the knee. I do love them but I do look like I came right out of 1960 whatever when I wear them. They are suppose to be boot cut not bell bottom. In the leg they kind of remind me of those awful Lee Pipes that were big in the 90's.i like it, but doesnt fit the way it is shown in the pictureAs a retired RN I have always used and relied on Timex watches.  They last forever and are easy to see,  even now with aging vision.  When my last watch was lost I ordered this one from Amazon.  Great watch and good price but the band is made for a wrist much smaller than my 7.5" wrist.Very rough settings. Not nice to the touch.Love the look!  The heel height is perfect, very comfy.  Though, the width is just a little tight.Nice sandals, however there isn't a balance between the weight of the leather top and the sole they are supposed to carry. Consequently, you feel as if you are dragging the sandals along while walking.I like these waist packs because it's an efficient way to carry a few hand tools, cell phone, and anything else that's unwieldy to have in your pocket.  This one is nice looking and the clip is designed to prevent the walls in the female end of the clip from breaking.Nice My wife bought these shoes loves the way the look and feel. She had some like them but these looked and felt better.these shirts were seconds, not advertised as seconds. after the first wash on shirt had the stitching come apart in the vneck. last washing another shirt started coming apart around the collar .......

well now another underarm is coming unraveled, these are crap!!!!!!!!, very unfortunate they have the hanes label .... even though they are seconds.

to be fair, amazon did give me credit for the first shirt that came apart, later when the next two , collar at the shoulder in one and underarm in another, came apart, third washing i think. Amazon did give full refund.

PLEASE DONT BOTHER W THESE. save some agrevation and buy them new for just 14.00I love, love, love this shades!!! I'm going to Miami with my husband and I was looking for shades similar to those that Michelle Phifer wore as the fashion icon, Elvira Hancock, in the movie Scarface (dePalma) which took place in Miami. These are pretty spot on! I'm sure she wore an expensive luxury brand, but I'd rather go the affordable route since I tend to lose or accidentally break my glasses since my 2 year old loves to play with my sunglasses. Also, I have the type of face that it's tough for me to find sunglasses that look nice on me. I have high cheekbones and a long egg-shaped head. Lol Don't believe me? I've attached a picture. I hope to get a tan in Miami, I took the picture in my room as soon as I received it. I ordered it on the 15th and received it on the 20th  of the same month. Get it!Still searching for best jewelry cleaner for silver. This is just ok.Good quality shirtVery pretty but ran a little too small.These are sunglasses and the survey asks about shoes.Just watched I was looking for. Yes, they are loud but I can live with it.

Updating, after about couple of months using, a plastic strap buckle broke.Great Material and colors, however the shorts are very slim fitting, I wear a 36 waist, which fit, but the shorts were skin tight on me.  I am 6'3" and 220lbs.  If you're super skinny or into board shorts that fit like compression shorts you'll be thrilled with these.Weird! The waist has NO stretch - at all. So while the fabric is stretchy and cozy, these are super difficult to get on. Once on they are nice and look good - but I'm only 102 lbs and have a really hard time getting them over my hips.This is actually the 2nd pair of these boots I've ordered in the past two years. I loved the first pair and had no problems until they fell apart last month. So I ordered more. However, both zippers on the new pair have already broken. Obviously I can still wear them, but it creates a problem putting them on.My son loves these. They are comfortable and great for the beach, water play and wearing around the house.  However they are poorly made. He hasn't even had them a month and the stitching is unraveling across the toes.I have ordered from this company many times.  I stopped using paper tissues when I thought about all the trees being chopped down just so I could blow my nose.  I know, I still use paper in my printer, but I buy 100% recycled at Staples.  These handkerchiefs are soft yet sturdy and I carry two or three in my purse and more in my car.  The wash up beautifully and I have also ordered them to give as gifts.  Hurrah for organic fabric!Nice pants, but had some seams coming undone already.I bought these shoes for my little one who has both really large and wide feet. They fit great! I have been buying New Balance shoes ever since I could remember for him and they have yet to let me down.Like it. I get compliments all the time. I thought it would have had more inside pockets like my daughter's. I LOVE hers. I recieved it in a very timely manner. Thank you!This is very sheer, much more so than other slips. I ordered it in black and white and both are see-through. Please see the attached photos. It was taken in mid-afternoon light and as you can see, my palm shows through completely. I prefer slips with more coverage so I will be returning these slips.Locket is surprisingly light for it's size because the metal is very thin.  I don't have trouble opening it, it's the closing that is hard on the one I have.  The slot for the locking piece is off by just a tiny bit so I have to slightly twist the top half to get the locking piece into the slot.  Also, the filigree does not have a backing so you can see the photo in the back through the front which makes for a weird effect. And, this also means that you can only put one photo in this locket.I loved my bag for about a month. It became really heavy with the chain straps. :(Within a week the zipper brokeVery nice I'll wear it for many yearsPretty online but not in personThey were ok!!!!Buckle broke immediately on first wear.This piece is great for a 1 time wear. It's very thin material & it won't last very long. However, for those of us who like these little pieces because the price is great & we only want to wear it once anyway, it's good for that purpose.My son could only take the briefcase to school two months and is split in manigueta and slide to end completely damaged. you can do about it?The material is not perfect for our tropical weather.Bought this for my son, and he really likes it. I noticed that it seemed to fit somewhat more snug than his other shirts in this size... he's big...6'5" and 270. I would buy the next size up next time I order...which I will, because the shirt is nicely printed, and well made. Great designs, too!These boots are adorable! However as soon as my daughter wore them the print rubbbed off. She was sitting on a carpeted floor and where her shoes touched the carpet the print was gone! I expected more from carter.Theyre fairly well made, but definitely for a 6 month and up foot. My baby is two months and these shoes are almost a full inch too big on her foot, so I had to make a pair for her last minute. Measure your babys foot before purchasing as the length of this sole is 4.33It said women's sizing so that's what I was expecting. It's more like men's sizing, so the x-large is waaay too big for me. I ended up having to purchase it again from a different retailer. I'm giving it two stars instead of one just because I absolutely love this print. I would recommend that people order as if this is in men's sizes instead of women's or take your women's size and go down 2-3 sizes.Sent this as a gift , it was supposed to be 'the various expressions of Darth Vader', a bunch of darth Vader pictures showing how he has the same expression regardless of how he feels. Two days after I ordered the item changed and now shows a big DV 77 pic.

While it's nice, it's not what I ordered, and I'm shocked how the original item completely disappeared and was replaced everywhere.

From now on I'll take screenshots of my orders.Wanted poncho similar to ones used in military as they worked well without sweating you wetter than the rain ever could.I've had these same sandals, same size in the past and loved them but these were uncomfortably tight across my foot (the straps).I bought these replace last years pair that was worn out.  When i received these i noticed they looked different and were a little heavier.  There was no longer a a tag on the shoe laces. the tag on the side now says waterproof. the bottom is now more red than orange.  they weight a few ounces more.  I did notice that these are now made in Vietnam instead of china.  I did wear them a few days but they were not as comfortable as my old ones and i kept feeling the alloy toe .  I sent them back.Not designed for tall guys- feel like I'm play "peek a boo" with my belly button.I like this item in theory and it is very sexy. However the pouch is too small to be comfortable.I Really thought i was buyin an Original Invicta, It never said it was a Replica. Today I went to jewelry and they opend it and told me it was Fake! I'm Really disappointedOk if you are wearing a belt.These pajamas are pretty mundane for the price. There is no detailing whatsoever anywhere. I have purchased pajamas from Lanz, Eileen West, and other brand names for prices in this same range and you always get what you pay for. Pockets, lace edgings, ribbon detailing or something other than the plainest pattern pieces sewed together. This pajama looks like something we put together in Home EC class in high school. I was so disappointed in the plainness and not even a pocket! Seriously these looked like $40 pajamas straight out of the package! I didn't return them because I was in desperate need of new cotton pajamas capris length and couldn't find any after searching for some time online.Best shirts on the market at this price.  Very comfortable and durable.Nice idea. The product was tangled when it was very delivered.Received as expected however I ordered a wide and it's to big so I should gave ordered a 12 regular fit.She wasn't a fan of something between her toes this year.Fits a bit strangeshort  muy grandeThe size is not accurate, I ordered a size 5T and got a size 4T/5T,  which means they are to smallWaaaaay too small to say it's XL. Otherwise it's nice, but taking into consideration that I usually wear L tops, and this XL is not even close to fitting, you can definitely do one size up when you're ordering, if not 2. :-) Arrived pretty quickly, though, and packaging was great.This is THE most comfortable robe I have ever owned! Not made for soaking up water though.Shirt is not the best quality, but comfortable.I wear them only in the gym going to the shower. Perfect for that use.This shoe just seems different from the one I purchased in a store a year ago.  seems more lighter, not as supportive.I love this coat, it's warm and comfortable. The only issues are the fabric gets stuck in the the zipper quite a bit, and if I pull the hood up it complete covers my eyes. Very fast shipping, just in time for the cold weather.It is not acceptable for an online shoe retailer not to have an exchange or return option. The product was not very comfortable to wear from the start as it had no arch support. With no easy option to exchange, I kept the sandals but they hardly lasted 3 months. The straps do not get fastened anymore and come off while walking. For the $60 price I paid for this, I could have easily bought a decent sandal in a local store. I went for the Hush Puppies brand name and am terribly disappointed.I bought it for my husband,he like the color ,and fit for him.but it is not as soft as my imaginThe small i ordered was loose & too relaxed looking for my taste.3 stars instead of 4 as the neck is strangely a bit wide. But overall, good shirt for the price. For $8 you can't expect to high of quality. It is light weight. The graphic is very nice though and the shirt itself is comfortable. I'm not disappointed.These pants are great however the last 2 pairs size 8 had a narrower leg and were tight.  I have not changed in size.  Now I am not sure what size to orderFit was too small on top.  The flare wasn't as large as I had hoped even with a petticoat underneath.  Returning item.These were comfortable pants. The waist is more stretchy than many similar pants. They look smooth. I like that they have pockets - this is very convenient. It is a good basic pant that can go with almost any casual top. I like that you can wash in the machine... that worked fine. I wish they were a little lower in the waist, but that's just my personal preference, nothing really wrong with them. They come in many different pretty colors, and the price is decent. I love that you can return them for free if they don't work for you. Overall, I am happy with them.Way small. This is a ultra thin, way too short, 100% crappy cotton shirt. Doubt the maker is licensed to put Van Halen's logo on it's product.I love themGood visbilityat night, however as I am a large chap the strap is a tad tight, and there is no alternative sizeI though the color was more honey than yellowThese boots are built to last!  They run big, but other an that they are perfect.  They are lightweight but tough!  My kiddos wore them all over our two acres, to school and around for a year and a half and they are still great!  Only had to get new ones because they grew out of their current size!Exactly a leather bracelet but no way to stop it from getting bigger- slide-and coming undone...leathers too short to tie off ... Kinda pointlessWill be returning these.  Size runs way too smallWay to large. Its baggie on me.It's a gift And will take the baby right through to February or maybe March it's so cuteI am very mad, I thought I would be getting something similar or very close to what is pictured, not even close. What I got doesn't even have elastic on the waist so no stretching to help fit, The snaps for the "belts" don't match up making the skirt sit off in a way that is uncomfortable, it is far shorter than the picture  lets on and the button that comes with the skirt isn't even sewn in. I ordered a large because after reading that it ran small I figured that will make up for the medium, as I can tell it is still too small. I was getting this to fir in for a steam punk outfit and while it matches what I was going for as a costume piece it is a major let down.Good quality, but you may want to choose a larger size for your baby than normal one.They sent a size 6 and I ordered a size 8. Didn't have time to return them before my ski trip. disappointing.Well I ordered this one, but got the black cotton. Not the biggest deal but not the style I wanted. Doesnt come with any seasoning instructions, so I have to use another companies sp thst I don't waro my waist trainer ot hurt myself. But in the week since it has arrived, following this other companies seasoning schedule I have lost 1 inch on my waistVery cute!!Fit perfect so that they don't show in my Keds or other athletic shoes.Cheaply made, but usable.These are nice and soft with little gripper dots on the bottom for safety.I wear a lot of Clarks so am very familiar with the sizing. These were a bit narrow at the front compared to my other Clarks. Still a great sandal!Great price for the quality of the wing. I would buy another from here.After reading previous reviews I knew that I wanted to go up a size. Therefore I got a Medium. I am 5'2 and a medium in juniors or small in ladies shirts. I wear a 6 or 7 in most pants. while the jacket fits well.. even a little tight, the pants are long. The pants are bigger then exspected and the jacket smaller. I would have done well with a medium jacket and small in pants. It would be great if they would give the option of getting different sizes in the two for a small fee. I am sure I am not the only one who would still buy. The shipping was quick and I would give the quality of the material a B or so.would love it more if it came in an x-small....These asics shoes are not for tropical weather. Goretex lining makes them too warm and small. I have had many asics shoes such as kayano, nimbus, cumulus, ds-trainer, GT2000 series and GT1000 series. They were all perfect in size. but not these goretex GT2000 (Too Small), I hope they come in 2Ewe'll especially see when I give it to him for Christmas and he puts it on!  :)I love this shoe!  I wear them everyday after work.  They fit well and look good.  They arrived in a short amount of time.The shoes run small, I bought 3 pairs, ALL were small. At least a half size. For the price, you get what you pay for. No problem with returns minus shipping.very cute! a little hot for my weather. I am in Arizona so halloween night was around 88 degrees so I did have to take my son out of it after an hour. But everyone commented on how cute he looked.Well built design. Light weight.Love this shoe, but had to return because they were too small. If they were true to size I would have given 5 stars.I was pleased with the design and fit of the coat. However, it is poorly made. Sime snaps fell off the coat the second time wearing it. I am deeply disappointed. For this reason alone, I would not buy this coat again.Beautiful, quality-made shoe, but it was too narrow and too long. The wrong color combination - ordered Brown with brown sole and receive brown with white sole. Will try to reorder wider and shorter for a better fit. It was not true to size at all. I think it may have been a poor run (second?), as it was one size that was listed as a discount price. Now, when I look for the next size to try to order the price has almost doubled!Got to wear to new Star Wars movie.I was hoping for something more akin to terrycloth. I sweat in this robe and it does not absorb moisture.Was disappointed when I opened the box, the boots looked like really cheap leather and I wanted to give them as a Christmas gift for my daughter!  Knew right away that they would be really small and I know she would have just hated them! ReturnI though these 501 jeans wear very thin, and had a smell when they arrived. I put the pair of jeans in the wash to get
the smell out and notice they had three large holes in them what a shame for a brand name that has bee around for a long
time I grew up  wearing levis jeans never again I'll but another pair.

Antonio,BurkeI bought these onesies for decorating with fabric paint. After washing & drying I painted them. Once the paint dried I put them on my baby & the onesie had to be stretched out to fit her which slightly distorted the image I painted on. They still fit, but stretch out easily.The piece that sits on your nose digs into it and leaves a scratch mark. Not very comfortable to wear. They also don't block out much light glare, therefore they are not very functional as being a pair of sunglasses. I would buy these strictly for costume purpose only.Received on time but the quality wasn't what I was expecting. I was able to return and got back my refund without a glitch.Very elegant and it keeps time OK. However, it's too difficult to see the clock hands as the dcor doesn't provide a good contrast to the hands - same color. Otherwise keeping good time.Based on others review I went up 2 sizes and glad I did.  I'm busty and normally wear a 1X but went to a 3X and it fit just fine.Shoe is a little big . I love the style but not supportive at all will have to put orthotics in them. Very lightweight.Great poplin-type material and flattering shape but way too small in the chest area so not wearable.  Too bad :(Its just as expected. This is my 3rd parasol.Most tongue rings cost 10$ a piece so this is a very good deal. Colorful and cute. Only part I don't like is one of the balls should be a bit smaller to fit comfortable under the tongue. I use the regular piercing ball for one end & a smaller piercing ball for the other.Bad quality! Ugly dress!These shoes are huge!!! There is no way my baby is going to be able to wear them totally dissapointedToo much spandex, clingy, hot, if not at wet T contest quite inappropriate. At the same time square cut unflattering. WTF, I look good in plain cotton!SUPER short.the sizing of this dress is rediculous...ordered regular size and it was 3-4  INCHES TOO SMALL.The earrings are just as shown in the picture..I bought for a two wk trip to UK only cause we were flying on Ryan air. However bag only fits on Ryan air if not filled 100% I had to remove some stuff from front pocket and move it to my other personal item that's fits under the seat in order to get it to fit in the little metal Ryan air bin. Construction is also poor...  Mine didn't break only cause I was very gentle with it after reading bad reviews but the zipper gets stuck easily and the when filled you can see the stitching is holding on for dear life.  Prob only a matter of time before it breaks.  Rec only for light use on trips less than on month  and only if you are really trying to save money and get the cheapest bag possible that will fly on Ryan air. Otherwise invest in something better.Cute shirt, fits as expected.Worth what I paid. Nice shape. Ok fabric. Looks better on. It's more 3 & 1/2 stars.Very cute shirt but the size runs WAYYY SMALL. Very disappointingIt fits well! The problem i found is that it gives me butt only on the way top... Not in the meddle and it is not round... Anyone can see it is fake! Had to return it.This is a beautiful belt and I love it. it is easy to put on and has a nice design. I have 2 problems with it. The first is that it is heavy, although there really isn't a way to fix this problem as it is very nice and making it lighter would most likely make it look cheap or more likely to fail. The other is that sometimes the locking mechanism gets a little stuck (just tighten a little more to release it) which is more of a small inconvenience than a problem really.Says it's a kid size shoe; however, it is an adult sizeThis shirt absolutely does not fit like a normal large size shirt should, it fits more like an XXL around the waist. Way too large and baggy around the waist, so if you plan on ordering this get at least one size down, but I wouldn't recommend getting this shirt at all due to the sizing issue.Cold, Cold, Cold....I bought them a size bigger than usual and they were still hard to "slip" on. Did I mention these boots are cold?!?!Got what I paid for. The ring is decent. The metal is not anodized so it scratches kinda easy. I have owned rings more comfortable, also owned rings more uncomfortable. Overall its worth the money.Like others have said "this is not John Varvatos..." which is true of who the actual shirt is made by, but that shouldn't be a surprise when you only pay around ten bucks! I think that the skull graphics likely are Varvatos design.  It is just your standard  black tee, but with the cool graphics!  That's what attracted me to it anyway!

Good purchase that does look exactly like the image shown.  I'm happy with it and wouldn't hesitate to buy it again!Size is just right and skirt length is OK.I like the shoes, but they are a little tight in the toe area and they are a little flat on the bottom. So basically if you have a wide foot or have high arches, you might want to consider a different shoe.I went through a couple dozen pair of these shoes (in white) over the years and they always felt "right."  That is why I kept buying them.  Decided to try a pair in black and quite honestly these shoes hurt to wear.  I think they will end up in the back of the closet.This shoe has inconsistent fit.  Bought two different colors in the same size and one is definitely bigger and sloppier on my heel.I didn't like the boots so I returned, the material is not quality..No problem keeping my pant up at the airport anymore.a little snug, was comfy though and kept dryI had a pair of Keen shoes before but was really not very happy with them, but these are the best "everything/everyday shoes, the absolute best best best shoes.  Love, love, love them.Seemed okay when it arrived, cute and nice size- however, it broke literally the first time I tried to close it in my septum.They are stunning. I realize they are created ruby  earring s but they are gorgeous. The 4 prong setting was done nicely as well. Sometimes the prong may look cramped down on the stone but not these. Nicely done. I did however return them as the holes in my ears have "drooped" they don't sit straight in my ears. But please, if you like bigger studs - buy these!!!! You will be pleased. Again, sooooo worth it. Great gift!I was a little disappointed that it was smaller than I expected.  It worked well but it's to small to lock up against any pole.awesome socks!So uncomfortable and gave me blisters. I really would have liked a 9.5 but they were not available. Based on reviews I thought I would be okay with a 10 (I usually wear a 9.5 - 10) but it was too big.I usually wear 12w to 13, these were way tight, couldn't wear,The length is fine, but the width is too small. It doesn't cover enough of the area where I sweat. Both the liner & my bra end up wet.Partial thin clothes! The collar has a little high, perhaps for a fat man, is not the best choice! The road is too far away, had to leave it.I've worn nothing but the Asics Kinsei and the Nimbus for the last 5 years.  Never had a problem until now.  The Kinsei 5 did not fit like the Kinsei 3 or 4's to me.  Toe box was too large and the biggest thing was the lack of cushioning in the heel.  After only a few weeks, I began to have heel and 5th metarsal pain in both feet.  The shoes where the only thing I had changed.  I'm truly disappointed.  After switching back the the 4s my feet are already getting better.  It was a lot of money to find out I could not wear them.  It's past my return time too.  I could not find them in a shop to try on.  Next time, I will only buy what I can physically try before my purchase.  The biggest pro was the lightness.

I rarely ever give a bad review, but felt this was necessary.This fit my 20 month old perfectly. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the hat with the hair attached is a bit smaller and falls of so easilyI ended up getting everything I paid for and there ended up being a small hole in it. It was pretty cool and I wish it would have worked out but such is life.Very brittle. Probably, could be Ok for gentle adult, but 12yo kid broke it after 2 weeks of using. I could give it 3 stars, but it was broken into a lot of small pieces, which are pretty sharp. Could be pretty dangerous for anybody who don't like to wear shoes at home.Well made warm on chilly day. Very light and comfortable. This type of jacket is designed smaller I ordered an XL when I normally purchase Large. Fit is nice and stylish. Would buy again.much too bigHard to see what it is. Will be returning.These sovks are way too tight! Doesn't pay for me to return them because it wld cost me postage!!I just received my JBL On Stage Speaker and I love it.  This is my favorite new toy.  Not only is it cute, it is compact and the sound quality is amazing.  Of course it doesn't sound like a Bose system but it is just as good.  The amount of money that was saved was well worth it.  I am so excited about this speaker.  I am able to better enjoy my iPod at home.  Before I got the speaker I generally only listened to my iPod at the gym or in the car, now I can listen with no problem and high quality sound at home.  And boy does it pack a powerful punch.  That thing gets loud.  I have a pretty large house, and I could hear it throughout the house and it wasn't turned up to the maximum volume and the sound was very very clear.NiceI just love ugg boots and have a few already.  They are warm and comfortable and have given them as gifts also.  My shipping experience with the seller was excellent.  True to size.  Got it when promised.  would recommend these boots to everyone.  Since the inside is dyed black, the only thing I don't like is that when you take the boots off, have a nice brush handy for scrubbing when taking your bath because the dye comes off on your feet and toes.  Still worth it.Don't buy these. Buy rocket dog. These are not shaped well so they clunk clunk clunk with every step. Waste of 20$
Update: they broke after 3 weeks.These shoes were wide enough in the foot bed and heel, but a bit too wide mid foot. They worked for the wedding I bought them for, but would be uncomfortable all day as there was no arch support and too tall a heel for me without some platform to compensate.These glasses ended up being larger than I expected. I like the shape, but they are just too big for my face. Otherwise, they appeared to be good quality.I bought this for my son, and he loves it.  The chain is much heavier and better quality than I expected.  He already had a very nice chain, so he switched chains, but uses this one with another cross pendant because it is so nice. Both sides have unique features and we are both very pleased.I usually wear a 2x, but these pants were a bit on the small size.If u want danity than THIS is ur ring! It's cute but still makes a classy statememt in a danity styleNO STRAP AS PICTURED!! My child will not wear without the strap. Had to return...Missing stones, and they weren't even in the packaging to be able to glue them back in place.Good practical black slip onBought these for my son who has large, wide feet. They fit great and he says they are the most comfortable shoe he's had in ages. However, the sole has ripped away from the upper part of the shoe after only 2 months of wear. He is hard on shoes, but I've never bought anything for him that has torn up this quickly. He enjoyed them for a couple of months though. I have to say, shoes lasted much longer when they were stitched to the sole rather than glued like this...and I can't afford Redwings.
Update: He begged me to buy these again, so I did. He loves these shoes and they are very comfy for a big guy. I hope these last longer than the last pair!Super cute, lots of compliments fits larger so buy a size smallerNo way were these a US size 11....they may be a 9.5, and are quite narrow.  The shortness of the show is what kept it from fitting, but they are absolutely GORGEOUS!I had bought this bra and the Jacquard Print bra by Anita.  BOTH were too small - the microfiber "H" cup was equivalent to my pre-pregnancy DD's.

Now, I bought the H assuming it wouldn't compare to the bra's from the speciality shop, which are H's, but honestly, when I held the bra up I started to laugh.

The I wasn't a whole lot better.Not great but since I have them, I use them from time to time. Fit a little larger than I would have liked, the extra space on the bottom or sides tend to not really latch.Thin, but not bad. Runs a bit large, but I like that .Would buy again.This shirt came in a crappy polyester material and it's too small.  I tried to cancel this but it would not let me.  It came from China and it should have stayed in China!!!!These pants have five belt loops. There should be seven or eight belt loops to prevent the belt from digging into the wearer's back. Really cheap.color is ok, however you can see some scuff marks on the links, and the hook gets undone really quickly, the link is not closed properly and it falls off my wrist quite easily, i must say the only thing i like about it is the color, very disappointed in how it was put together.Fits wellGreat look's as it was describeI looked at this mask yesterday; the price was $29.97. Today the price is $32+. After reading the reviews saying the product doesn't look like the picture, I don't think I'll be buying this mask.Very pretty.  Very narrow!Not a very comfortable flip flop it felt like it was made out of cardboard.very flat and stiff. It runs a little bigger too.  They look nice for a couple dayToo largeI guess this thing is alright. It is totally obvious that you're basically wearing a pillow though. All four straps broke the first time I put it on so I sewed them all back on by hand. Not exactly the best bargain, having to fix something that you just bought new.  Hopefully they will not break again when I'm wearing it out as part of my costume.I will have to say that I absolutely love these boots.  I bought them for this winter but used them for my halloween costume.  It wasn't snowing yet but my feet stayed really warm and comfortable.  Very Stylish. I expected the width to be a little wide but it actually fits a little snug with the fabric on the inside. Just wish it had a little more sole on the bottom of the shoe for snow purposes! stay tuned for how warm or cold my feet are when it starts snowing!  The price was great for these boots!!The fit was true to size. I felt that they looked more like rainboots when I put them on rather than riding boots! These will be returned!This item wasn't very good. The shipment came very fast and there wasn't any issue with this product except for the texture.These boots are very comfortable but I had to order 1/2 size larger than I normally wear. Very happy with them once I reordered new size. No problem swtiching out size, had new pair within a couple of days. I tend to have narrow feet these boots fit perfectly. Would recommend them just order a 1/2 size larger than you would normally wear.These shoes were way too large especially in the width. Bulky tongue making shoes hold heat. Do not like these shoes at all. After walking in them for less than twenty minutes my arches ache due to the lack of support in the arch and on the sides, too.I had a similar Columbia wallet which I loved, but it got torn.  Was hoping to replace it with the same but this one was fairly cheap compared to the last. Real cheap feeling leather product, and fabric backing up which also feels cheaper than prior versions of this wallet.  Nothing necessarily wrong with, but just know it feels very cheap and isn't high quality.The quality of the dress is very good, but it runs somewhat small and is very short. Fits more like a tunic than a dress.The Leather was soft and touched perfect, but the metal part was not as well as expected, a feeling that not worth the price, puzzled.I ordered a womens size 11W, However, I honestly could not even get my foot inside the shoe it was so narrow. I have owned three pairs of this style from Franco Sarto in a womens size 11B, so this pair was either mis-marked, or Franco Sarto has outsourced their manufacture to a company that runs very, very, small.They are really nice but the only thing I don't like about them is the threading on the balls will not screw on... Would not recommend them to anyone... Does anyone else have the same problem with these?I wear an 7.5 in women and order an 7 in men......these were way too small. Like 3 sizes too small.Great winter colors. Love Vera Bradley line. Bit when I can afford. Have many products in this line.  Never unhappy.Wash well and nice to pack for a tripThis purse is way cute, but very poorly made. The seams inside came apart at both sides within a week or so of having it. Currently the insides are being held together by safety pins. Very disappointedI ordered these in the 'light grey' color but when received them, they were definitely not grey - but instead beige.  Very disappointed - plus were too small, so returned.Absolutely stunning color!  Sadly for me, it's much too thin to wear without long slip, tights, pantyhose, etc. Shows every bump, bulge, dimple regardless of how "in shape" you are.  Translucent, needs something under it.

:( Waaaah - as I said, the color is stunning!

BOTTOM LINE: yes, those can be seen, too, so I wouldn't buy it again.My husband loves these pants! He wears them hunting, to work and on weekends and are his new favorite pants. They keep him warm when outside all day in cold weather, but yet doesn't make him too hot. Fit is great tooThe glasses are great looking but they are so dark when you put them on you can't see anything !!!Very pretty but so uncomfortable boots. They run true to size. Maybe someone else will be lucky and find them comfortable as the boots seem really good quality and they look really nice.if only i can change it,My second pair.  I put these in my hiking shoes.  Work and feel great.  The other pair I have are in my tennis shoes.  Love them both.The leng of the neck is much more long that what you see in the photo. I don't know maybe i got a woman's one.So I ordered this awesome looking ankle bracelet and what do I get? Some 20mm stainless steel pins for who knows what. Returning. And not buying again.I'm super sad about this because I love the quality and style, but I ordered a size 4 and it is way too big on me. I definitely should have ordered a size 2. This sits a lot higher on the hips than expected, so I would suggest ordering a size smaller. Otherwise, I would've given a 5 star rating.I have had only a good experience with the Retro Large Plastic Aviator glasses after a few weeks of constant use. They arrived intact in a small bubble-wrap sleeve in a small box. I owned the brand Blue Blockers for many years, and while blue light is not screened at 100% of the original, it still provides the clarity of color and the protection and rest for my eyes that I expected. Some have mentioned some distortion. Me too, but I discovered most of it was related to fingerprint residue on the lens. Yeah, they're plastic and may break sooner rather than later, but are worth the price.I usually wear a size 6 but I heard this brand runs small so I bought a 7.5. Still way too small. These were going to be my wedding shoes but that didn't happen. I ended up giving them to Goodwill.Very comfortable & prettyI run a size 12 to 14 and these are definitely snug. Tho once they are on they are surprisingly comfortable. The fabric is itchy at first so I am in the process of washing them a few times before I wear them again. Good price. Not sure if I would order them again or not.very disappointed. they are clearly lavender not pink. also I ordered the full set and the necklace and earrings are PEACHI was very please the bag is very well madeDial is more faded than it appears in the photos. Movement "grinded" as rotor turned - likely due to it being off-balance.

Returned for refund.Cheaply made.they look nice, they feel greati would have given it 1 star. the reasons being that this gauging kit with tunnel ear rings are absolutely nothing at all as pictured. the tapers are first of all the same length. this did not bother me since i was not going all the way. more importantly, the ring where not tunnel 'O' as show. what was shipped was a partial set of tunnels with a tapered end on one side and an 'O' ring to the other. not a screw together type like show or a fully complete set at that. i had already just begun gauging and could not stop though. the seller wanted me to send them back first then to get a replacement. that would have been impossible at my stage. im already advanced far in my work. so, i did give him a third star for sending me a more proper kit. however again, 'use' as in 'used' a good portion of the original kit. with two kits that i have now 'used' parts of both, the piece have become a bit mixed. hope to set them back as much of the 'partial' kit total as i can. again, the third star is only for receiving more proper pieces after days on end of litigation with free shipping. not for it being the right kit and not for it being a full kit. sorry, but this was my experience.I usually wear american eagle ripstop. Their fabric is a little lighter and breathes better. Unfortunately they are currently sold out, so I settled for these. These are cut way smaller than what i'm used to. I purchased one size larger than what i normally wear and is still uncomfortably tight, even throughout the legs. The material is heavier than what i'm used to, its a lot stiffer. Hopefully i can soften them up and see if that changes anything. Construction overall seems very good, I didn't see any loose stitches or anything like that.  I'm leaving 3 stars because of the sizing.The zipper was found defective, and the paint chipped after only a few hand washings.  The bra would not stay closed and and It was hard to get into the track. I bought the same bra on sale at a national retailer and did not have a problem.with the zippers.

Thank you.I wish I'd ordered these a million years ago. They are sooooo comfortable. I feel like they are a little bit large.GreatAttractive, but I could barely get them on my feet, even without socks. Returned them.Piece of junk. I've used this less than a handful of times to keep my purse off restaurant floors. I don't have a heavy purse by any means, but by the 4th time using it, the hook part snapped off. Cheap!Bought the pair of UN-bleached low-tops, the right show came with a big black stain on them, tried to remove, BUT it just got worse. sending back for another pair.My son has a wide foot, these are not as narrow as most sneakers.  I wouldn't say they are amazing quality.  The stitching didn't come done, but definitely showed signs of wear.I would buy a half size down from what you normally wear because these stretch out. They will be snug at first, but will stretch to the right size.Love these boots; fits perfect went up 1/2 size bigger because of reviews. Very comfortable!!I haven't worn heels for a long time, after giving birth. At least for 5 years. I am super comfortable in these. Great with skirt and leggins. BreathableThese are so cute!  I bought them for my grand daughter for upcoming winter - they were a great price too!Does the jobMy nephew loves his guinea pig shirt.Good item for the price but isn't a really well made item... but it's adorable.waste of money.runs smaller than listedThese particular shorts are nice and the price was good, but they came with a stain on one leg.  Looks like a large grease stain.  I tried to wash out but its still there faintly.  Not enough to send back but kind of crappy.This sweater is exactly as I like it---soft, slightly oversized, and oh so comfortable!!!! The color is absolutely gorgeous, and it goes with just about anything....a great staple for fall/winter wardrobe!!!Be careful with the strap, the end piece came off our first pair after a few times.  Have tried to handle replacement pair with kid gloves but not sure how long these will hold up.

Purchased these at same time as 'Bolt' Stride Rites and am so disappointed how both have had straps fail (the Bolts were terrible in many ways). Can't help  but think they are engineering these so that you have to replace them every month or two max :(The stitching on mine feel apart as well within the first few months and exposed the rfid mesh blocking material.  It doesn't hold my credit cards well and even puts a slight bend in them.  Irritating because I do buy a lot of their products.  I have a backpack that used to hold my personal laptop and survived a westpac on a aircraft carrier when I was active navy.  Now I'm a field service technician so it's used a lot everyday.  That thing is at least 10 years if not 15 years and is now just falling apart.  Not sure if I should buy another Swiss product or not.The color and shape are awesome. The problem is that it is a bit to much sparkle for my spouse so we chose to return it. So if you like more bling then this is your thing, if not you may want to pass.This was far too snug for my little one.  Granted he is 90% height, but only 50% weight, but this was much much too small.  The hat in particular was far too small on him.  It's a shame because the velour is actually quite soft and it wasn't made too badly.Didn't want to smooth out and form to the bride's headSo, first off I paid very little for this shirt, about eight bucks. All things considered then, it's not too bad. I'm not in love with it, but I'm not entirely surprised either that the quality is not top of the line.

The shirt I received did not have exactly the image on it that the product information shows; it's a minor detail, but the little rectangle in the star burst on my shirt is a circle instead (which isn't accurate to the show either, not just the product image). My only other complaint so far is that it was screened onto a Fruit of the Loom undershirt, so I know it's not going to be a quality long-lasting shirt. Some tiny flakes of the print have begun to dust off on the first wear as well.

I am only disappointed in that i was hoping to get a better quality shirt in general, but when I consider what I paid really it's not a rip off. Just not worth the time and money if you're looking for better than this.Very soft and comfortable but when received the item smelled foul.  I washed and worn once and their were holes in the crouch.  The fabric was just falling apart.  Sending back for a refund!I wound up returning these after receiving them and finding them to be too small. As many other reviewers stated, sizing seems to be an issue...my guess is that sizing varies based upon what color you order, since it seems they're made up of different fabrics. While other reviewers had complained about them running large, I ordered the heather grey in my standard 6.5 size and found them to be a half size too small. I've returned them and am debating on repurchasing them in 7's since they're really cute, but it's not exactly a great quality shoe (hey, you get what you pay for) and I'm looking for something with more comfort and durability. It's a great shoe if you just want something to slip on and off for quick, short trips out and about, but not something I'd personally wear for extended periods of time since there isn't much support.Beautiful dress, rich color, fabric is LUXURIOUS... BUT... DRESS RUNS 2 SIZES TOO SMALL EVEN WHEN USING THEIR SIZING CHART....UUUGGGHHH!!!
Dress will be used for future bridesmaid dresses, my ladies ordered sizes accordingly, then had to swap dresses...hope they are willing to take this dress back and exchange it for a larger size!!!!These shoes fit well and very good quality for the price.Bought this for my man along with a few others. Quality is great and it fits him well. Not too big or too small. Shipping was fast. The sellers were super polite. No complaints. A little pricey for screen printed shirts, but they are super cool designs and the quality of the shirt is excellent. I'm sure he'll hold on to this for a good ten years.Love the shoes but had to exchange 7.5 for an 8. Runs a bit smallNot as well as I expect, but still a good product.Good enough.It fit my oversized head perfectly. Unfortunately, after about two weeks, the seam in back started coming apart, and I returned it. Although it was past the deadline due to a series of unfortunate events, a chat session with Amazon Customer Service, netted an 80% refund (better than 0% and having a torn hat).One of the plastic clips slips too easily. I ended up cutting the clips off and sewing them directly onto my ski pants.CANT SEE GOOD IN DARK OR LOW LIGHT, OTHER THAN THAT ITS OKThese bags are great. I can fit my shoes in them along with my wallet and a few other things I need for the gym. Really helpful to keep everything compiled so that I don't have to carry give different bags. This bag also protects your shoes from dust and also doesn't allow your shoes to smell because it airs them out- the material is breathable! Great purchase , I would recommend this to a friend.Seller delivered as promised and the wife loves them. It was a hit!These are very small hoop style earrings.  Very petite and small and give your ear just a dash of fashion and style.

They are clip on, you pull on each end to open them, and then close them down by pressing them back together.  When I put them on, as I pressed them together to get a good grip, I felt a very  slight "pinch"  which went away instantly.  They stay on, don't move or migrate around on your ear  and I like the look of them.

A nice way to wear earrings without having pierced ears.  I have one pair but would have loved to have all the colors.

They come in a very small black box and you will want to keep it to slip the earrings back into when not wearing as they are so small it would be easy to lose them.

I am happy with them, they work great for me and I have no complaints.

I received these as a promotional sample for my evaluation, use and review.Nicely made but the color doesn"t look the same. no black specalling as pictured.I ordered 4 inch hoops and received 5 inch bent up hoops! I would like the correct size I paid for sent to me please!**UPDATE** (below was my review of the Medium) I just purchased this is a size small, which is my normal jacket size, and it fits perfectly! The jacket looks beautiful, is fitted and is so flattering. DEFINITELY order true to size!! This jacket doesn't run "small" it runs perfectly true to your normal size. The jacket is however, cropped, and is meant to hit you at your waist. The arm length is perfect, I have long arms and it comes all the way to my hand. It is a super fashionable length and very cute!

I ordered the light blue distressed jacket shown in the picture. The color and feel are great, however I usually wear a size small in jackets and shirts (I am 5' 6" 130lbs) and after reading reviews saying this ran really  small,  I decided to order up a size and get Medium, and it was HUGE. The front is gaping open, could button it and it would still be super baggy. Definitely order it true to size, do NOT listen to these other people and order a size larger. The jacket runs normal/on the large side. This jacket was made to be cropped and form fitted,  and it will only look good if you order true to size.What one must realize about this product is the example photo is a bit of an optical illusion. Those shapes in the ring are lights reflected. The ring is dark blue and a little iridescent with colors of dark purple and dark green. From what I can tell the sizes are accurate and it is thin without being fragile. There are many reviews saying the blue got scratched off a bit. That is yet to happen to me.I wanted to love theses pants but they were too large and had a strange gasoline odor even after I tried to air it out overnight. Will have to send it back.look really nice, but too wide for my feetThe sewing missed a section of the zipper. It was easier to just hand stitch than go through the hassle of returning.It's not like the photo at all. Very badly made and from cheap material. Tried to return it, never heard from the seller. If I could I would put no stars.Excellent sneakers well made extremely comfortablesame as if bought from store.Loved these boots!  Great quality and looks just like I'd hoped. SO cute on!The velour is soft, and the color is stunning, but the material is a bit thinner than I thought.  Also, it runs soooo small. I'm 5'6" and wear a L to XL depending.  Rarely do I need an XL but I ordered it in an XL to be on the safe side.  Skin tight!!  Wow. It's so cute so if you can fit into it, I'm jealous ;-)I want to love it, but it smells like terrible, gross chemicals. I have been airing it out for 2 days with no success. It also looks and feels cheap. Beware. You are paying for what you get...crapi gave it to girl great she loved it 111The hat is well made and aesthetically pleasing, but it is way too big. My head is huge, and the thing comes down over or under the tops of my ears, and it's very awkward. If I push it up a bit, then I look like Eraser Head in gray.

Disappointing. Some things one should just not purchase on line.

They make fantastic surfboard fins, though.JUST A TAD SHORT AND I'M 5"10".  WAIST IS TIGHT BUT THEY ARE WARM AND SNUGGY.  BETTER THAN THOSE LOOSE AND BAGGY OTHER BRANDSThe shoe laces fell apart in less than two months. Makes you question quality.I bought 4-5 paid of haggar cords with the exandable waste at macys a couple years ago.  These were the best 'dress' pants I have ever owned.  They were starting to get wore out though from repeated use and cleaning.

I took a chance here and bought 4 new pair.  The sizing is fine, the quality feels cheap though.  The ones from Macys feel twice as thick and luxorious compared to these.  Maybe I am being unfair and comparing apples to oranges but it seemed like these were the closest replacements I could find for the pairs I have previously purchased.  I will keep them because I need new pants for work but I am not real happy.  I seen similar feedback before I purchased them so I knew ahead of time there was a chance they would not be as nice as I hoped.

As I recall I paid a similar price(around $35 on sale) for the nicer ones I had from Macys and the retail price was similar as well.  This tells me that Haggar is just making these cheaper than previously, not putting any blame on Amazon.  The color on the four pair I bought are fine.  They are just thin and feel like cheap material.Really like them.  Roomy enough for mens large size shoes or extra pairs of smaller.
Just got them so can't say anything about durability.This is my favorite scrub top to wear to my spay neuter clinics.  It matches my brown Cherokee scrub pants perfectly, and ive had multiple people say how they love it.  May sound weird but the brown on the sides is perfect for wiping away blood or such if I have some on my hands.  Kittens love the big front pocketniceGreat quality and shippingThese sneakers were just too stiff for me. I like a flexible, moving shoe. I returned them.Around the bust area too smallhorrible quality and strange fabricGreat body shaper. Have been wearing this style and brand of body shaper for a few years. It's lightweight, comfortable, and is supportive all over. I love wearing under my exercise and workout garments as well as dressier garments. For this undergarment I hand wash it and allow to dry laying flat because it's delicate. I highly recommend this body shaper especially for a woman on the go!Yes, I'm serious.

These boots run slightly wide, are lightweight, and very comfortable. They are versatile and go with everything. I put them with casual outfits and somewhat dressy ones.

But they didn't last two months before one of the heels, which appears to have been hollow, shattered into a dozen bits. I know at the price you can't expect the highest quality ever, but WOW. So, ultimately, these boots are not made for walking and I cannot recommend them.Runs very very large.Shirt not as shown in picture. Hands length was small.The fabric of these tee shirts is very nice and soft. My boys are not heavy, actually thin, but tall and a little broad-shouldered.  I ordered a size up, but shirts just run too narrow. These are great for a very thin, narrow child.
And note that there are no returns or exchanges!The belt is very stiff. Fortunately, I didn't necessarily need the belt. I wanted the buckle to replace one from REI Co-op, which wouldn't hold securely. This buckle on REI's belt is great.Great shape but runs very small.I wear medium, but order large pajamas because I like them roomy. These larges barely fit.  I cannot wear them. Terrible!  No stars!Waist band is okay. XL but netting seems small and doesn't feel like a correct fit. Wonder if I bought the xxl if it would have been better but I am not sure. Getting two in the pack was good though. I will see tonight when I exercise how it is. I can't say a size up would work better. Color is cool.Dont waste your moneyalways changing date and timeGreat scrubs, no complaints. Minus one star, as the picture is misleading, I bought the pewter color, which shows a chest pocket and 2 front pockets, received scrubs with just a chest pocket, no biggie, just leaving this for whomever sees it.Well made shoe but runs large and not adjustable.  Also sole is heavy but very comfortable.Thin comfortable material for summer use.  The color was bright enough but the print around the stars kind of lose its edge.  I'm 5'3" so it's a little short for a dress but I've seen girls wear shorter things - but it's perfectly suited for a long blouse with a thin belt.  I'm even using is as my maternity top since the ruched sides allows for my extending waist line.  Good price for what I got.ran smaller than I expected  - love it except for the fact that it is not the fit I expectedI received them with tears and also got the wrong colors ? I received 2 blacks, red, tan, grey purple? but the colors I should've received was suppose to be 1 black , grey, white, purple, teal and red.Good pants, do not fit .... sized tight fit ... Dickies products seem to consistently do not fit rightYou're a tool if you buy this. You can kindly expect me to throw something at you if I see you wearing these. Jsgood coverage but sagging around the leg hole after one washdid not come as a locket. i recieved a four prong basket with metorite. sending it back. looks nothing like image shown.lEye freaks me outI needed a turmoil color and texture at the neck as it is in the shirt.The description stated the watch had silver numbers, but when it arrived we were disappointed to see black numbers.  After contacting them about the issue they apologized but could not send one with silver numbers as they didn't have it.  My son still likes the watch but it was not what he thought he was getting.  I think they need to do a better job with the description being accurate.Price vs quality is matchThe zipper for the pocket is large and is behind the card pockets. Makes it off center on the top,I like to give good ratings but I also like to give honest and fair ratings.  I rated the BICO pendants overall as 4 stars with caveats.  This particular pendant, is a 1 star at best.  This pendant, the TRISCELICAT is the one I liked the most in the pictures but of the four I bought, I like it the least.  The one I have doesn't have the brass center, it's a cheap looking gun metal color in the center and frankly it's hideous.  It's in a box and will probably stay there, I won't even give it away.  If it were brass in the center, like in the picture, I'd probably like it better.

I've bought a total of 4 of them and as for quality of manufacture, I can't and won't complain. Overall, I think it's a wonderful concept to put human traits into an iconic form (determined by the artist). I think that they are a too big though, bordering on gaudy.  I'd prefer that they were half the size and made of a better metal.  The four I have are probably typical of all.  They are made of a pot metal, though nicely made - still pot metal.  I'd much prefer silver, or stainless steel or even titanium and I'd prefer that they were half the size that they are now. I also think that many of the icons are too much alike.  I was considering buying a few more to give away to people close to me but now that I have four and have had time and opportunity to look at them closely, I think I'll pass and probably not buy anymore of them unless in the future there are some changes made, size for example. Review by Mark Grant, author of Blood of Scotland.maybe i should have gone a size down, but the elastic waistband which I thought would be very comfortable just slides up.
I love the biased cut style. The fabric is solid but breathes.  I just wish it fit a bit better....;(These shoes are great in every aspect EXCEPT the bottoms.  The shoes have a leather type bottom which is smooth so my daughter has a VERY hard time standing on carpet or rugs.  Her feet often slide out from under her when she is trying to stand or walk.  The company says it has a special coating to prevent that, but I cannot tell it is working.

Otherwise, these shoes seem to be comfortable, they stay on well, and they look really nice.OMG the fabric in this blouse is heavenly. It's exquisitely made and gorgeous. Unfortunately the xxs was huge and I had to pay $16 to return two blouses.Still unsure about this bag, I bought it because I wanted something woven and this bag is beautifully made but there is something, at least in the one that I received, that doesn't look like real leather (see the pictures), and IT IS real leather! It might be the thickness of the leather strips used to do the woven? I understand that because of the nature of leather one can expect differences from one item to the next that are of equal design, but this one doesn't look good to me. The one in the picture on here, shows a thicker leather, mine doesn't look like leather, it looks like pleather actually. I am kind of sad because I wanted to like this a lot, maybe I will order in another color to give it another shot, this one is going back :(So cutePlatedVery comfortableI have been looking for the perfect wedding shoes for months and I finally found them! These shoes are absolutely beautiful. They look like they are worth every penny. Most shoes these days have huge platforms and too much glitter and look cheap/trashy to me. These shoes are elegant and classy. They look like princess shoes! Lol. True to size as wellI thought I'd give these try since most of the reviews said the toe box was narrow. Perfect fit for my narrow feet in the front, but the heel was extremely wide. I had to send them back.These are brilliantly sparkly!  They are also of a high enough quality that they don't bother my ears, which are very sensitive.  Love them and well, well, worth the price.good for outing, fit my dressSteam punk phantom mask. I got a lot of compliments at the masquerade/Halloween party, made of hard plastic, this was a pretty comfortable mask.Material somewhat thin and does not provide coverage for underneath t-shirt that I was hoping for.I liked the material and style. But it was too small.These shoes are fine and I'm satisfied with the purchase .... thanksI was a little skeptical of the comfort level when I first put them on, but they broke in very nicely. I actually have been wearing them around in the snow and they have been doing great! Love the sheep's skin leather. The sheep's wool in the heal is also a nice touch. Love these boots.These look way to small, but my son is able to squeeze his foot in them. I'm a little disappointed the sizing chart information, but I'm pretty sure these will work for the 2 months we need them.I am normally a medium and bought this in a large. It fits perfect. I am 5'2" and the dress is floor length on me. The only downfall is that the dress is a little seethroughExcelenteThe pin that holds the hinge together came out within the first day.  Complete waste of money. Don't bother with this.I usually wear a 10.5 in most shoes. I ordered a size 10 as they did not come in half sizes and they are tight. Hopefully they will expand with wear . I would suggest you advise customers to order the next size up if they usually order a half size.Fits like a boys large instead of men's smallNGlooks very nice! a bit on the warmer side, so this is more appropriate for sub 60 degrees F weather!This backpack is perfect for my high schooler.  She takes her laptop to and from school every day and it has a great compartment for it where it is safely protected.  She speaks about how comfortable it is with many books inside also.This was cute until the wristlet part (that i don't use) broke off after 2 monthsHusband loves it. Super comfy. Hopefully they last awhile!This coat is gorgeous. The faux suede/foil look is really fetching, especially in light, and overall the style of the jacket is very cool and modern. However, I found the proportions of the coat really problematic. I am usually a ladies L in tops, and a 1X in this coat JUST fit me across the top. Yet at the same time, it was too big and boxy around my midsection. Thinking that a normal XL might be more flattering, I bought the coat in that size, too (available here: http://www.amazon.com/DKNY-Jeans-Womens-Jacket-Medium/dp/B00D73SN0Q/ref=sr_1_2?s=apparel&ie=UTF8&qid=1394390333&sr=1-2&keywords=foil+drape). While the XL looked better around my waist, on top it was so tight I could barely zip it and it was a lot shorter than the plus-sized coat. I love the style of this coat objectively, but in the end I could not find a size that worked on my body.too smallI absolutely Love my necklace. I have gotten many complements on it. I always tell them to go to Amazon. The delivery is always on time. And it comes straight to my house.Love these sweaters, Im a size small in everything and purchased a size small so it is somewhat fitted. Fits great!!!For the price I did not expect much but the items runs huge! I am hoping the exchange process will be easy but I would rather a refund.It's a cute shape, but the white flowers have run with the dark blue background making them look a dirty mottled color. I'll pass it on to the thrift store.BrokeI should have looked at the photo more. There is a lot of bunching by the ankles, and the waist was too high for me. The legs were too long and too loose at the bottom. I took my usual size xs, (I am 5'4" and 115lbs) and I really only want to have clothes that I like, so I sent this back. I like the concept, and got them for aerial silk, because I have a tendency to skin the tops of my feet. I read that these pants would be good for aerial silk, so I decided to try it. I actually prefer the 90 Degree by Reflex printed tights. Those are slightly less smooth and grip better. They also fit my body better. The waistband on these is awkwardly large. You can't really fold it down if you don't like it, and it sits just at the belly button. However, I feel that if you are a little taller than me, these would be near perfect though. Maybe at 5'6" and 120lbs they could be pulled off.It seems like this shirt is bigger than the other ones that my son has even though it's the same size.Unisex sizes are truer and fit better than Chuck's specifically sized for women. I ordered a unisex size 10 and they are roomier and feel better than a women's size 10.It fit perfectI wish there were more colorsLike the looks, but the sole turned out to be a little to "flexy" for my preference. I like something firmer.Compared to some of the comments about the size of the watch, its okay.  For sure its on the bigger side, and rather thick, but not so much as some of the really large watches that look like they need to be placed on your leg to look normal.

Basic functions are there on the digital side:  clock, alarm, chrono.

The two biggest let downs for me are:
1) the digital portion ONLY supports 24 hour time format... I mean really, not an AM/PM mode
2) the digital portion does NOT support the year, so you have to reset for certain months.
Both of these seem quite odd as this is fundamental for any watch in the 21st century... its almost like a special chip had to be made without this functionality... just bazaar.

Overall though, for the price, it looks good, wears good, and is useable.Nice quality!I like this Invicta because of it's unique design. This is my first watch that has somewhat of a square dial, so I was quite excited to order it. I also like the fact that it shows the date, day of the week, and month. The only thing is that it is a big bulky on my arm and the leather takes a while to get flexible. Other than that, I like this watch. The best price for it would be around 85-90$.This was much too large to wear unless you want to look like Flava Flav.
The compasss is way too large, this company really should put the dimensions of the pendant in the description so people don't think that they're going to get a small pendant that that would be pretty to wear over a sweater, instead of this big clunky compass that I would not wear out.These nose rings are absolutely gorgeous, until you break out with an infection from them. These are NOT real surgical steal. I get text updates on all my packages. This company was the worst at keeping in contact with me about my rings. I think I only got texts once they got into my town. And they came in way past thier expected delivery date. I was so excited when they finally came in. I picked up the teal one,  disinfected it,  and the next day my nose was hot,  red,  and full of infection. So I had to drive 2 hours to go get rings from Spencer's. My nose cleared up the next day that I put one in from Spencer's.  Not impressed.It says it's two pieces but I only received one piecemy wife likes itI'm so happy with my watch.  It was here on a timely manner.  I couldn't be more happy with my decision.  Love it!  Thank you so much.Thin fabric, so good for hot weather, but the flaps to cover hands are glimpse and get stretched out easily.  Just ok.cheap -  don't buy.Good news, they fit. Bad news, not what I ordered. I have a pair that were nearly worn out. I used the part number on the tongue of the boot to reorder. It came up and was listed on the order page. Photos matched. Price was comparable to my previous purchase. I bought them. The lower part of the boot was spot on. The upper was more like a winter boot. They'll be great for colder weatherVery pretty, but very large in the arms. It doesn't sit well even with a large chest.Liked these gloves. Purchased the large based on another review. My son is 3.5 years, 45lbs and 43" tall. The gloves, when on, were a bit too long. However, getting them on was a huge issue if you had mittens on underneath. They would not fit over them. He liked them ok and they worked for the 2 days we were in the snow, but if we needed to use them everyday, I would have thrown them out and purchased different ones.I followed the washing instructions, and the shirts still sharnk in the wash. When I put them on my son, his belly shows.I purchased this watch 1 year ago and I like the Zebra print but there is one flaw. I hit my wrist against the elevator and it snapped off and fell through the elevator chute. So ok I purchased this watch again cause I love the look but again I hit my wrist against my car door and it snapped right off and fell on the ground. I was able to put it back together but i just want to say that the screws that holds the bands with the actual watch are faulty. Its a nice watch but just have to be carefull when I wear it.Very bad don't west moneyThey are great. No doubt about that! They will serve me well on my trip to India.

Only thing I have a complaint about is the tightness around my pinky toe. BUT, I have yet to break the shoes in, so I will give it time and I am sure my feet will snugly in time. My shoe size is 8, but someone said order a size down, so I ordered a 7.5. I think they made a good call, but it depends on everyone since I am not too nit picky as long as it is close enough and bearableIt came with the Hot Topic tag still on it so it's not a knockoff. The printing job is awesome and the colors show well. Fits exactly as I expectedWas slightly to LargerJust what I needed. Looks & feels great, especially for the price. As long as it works for a couple years, I will be satisfied. Only time will tell. LolNormally an XL fits me fine. But I ordered a 3XL after reading the reviews and when it arrived, it fit like a Small. Nice vest if it fit.Very little padding on ball of foot.  Need arch support or insert to wear inside the shoe. Back velcro comes off often after washing.Love the shirt, delivered on time.I bought the 4pk thinking that they would all be the same like the picture but obviously not. The pink and blue crystal belly rings are really pretty. The clear crystal ring (which is the one I wanted the most) and the iridescent one arrived looking very "cheaply" made and they were longer than the pink and blue crystal rings. I bought this pack mainly to keep the clear belly ring for myself and give it ge rest to my daughter. I'm disappointed...Outrageous, reboxed something bought from Wal-Mart. [...]This shoe is fabulous. It has beautiful gold accents on the heel and on the show itself. It does run a half size too small. I bought 9.5, should have gotten a 10. However I'm still going to wear it. Its snug fit, not uncomfortable. Other than that, this shoe is great. Great summer shoe. I got it in bronze, and it was on sale on amazon. Definitely recommend, go up one 1/2 size.Beautiful product but I can't seem to get the knack of adjusting the band. The price was so reasonable that I figure that it will
Cost more than the watch, to pay a jeweler to adjust it.This shirt washed and dried well, minimal (if any) shrinkage.  Arrived on time. Paid great price.Clip around neck was damaged.Good for the price, just little slippery on some floors!Very very tight and not a pleasant color at all.Was not happy with my purchase. It's not the silver color it appeared to be in the ad and it's the wrong sizeMakes me look like a marshmallow.  Not as stylish as the picture showsI realize that since it carries a lot, and has lined pockets, it can't be as thin as the other money belts I've purchased in the past, which were like wearing nothing, but this is almost like a fanny pack. OK, not literally, but unless you're wearing a thick garment, you'll feel a bulge. I'm not bothering to return it because the price was good, and I'll simply pass it on to someone else who won't mind its thickness. Having said that, it looks well-made and if the thickness and size doesn't bother you, then you might like it just fine.Great little piece.  I was skeptical that it would actually have a cooling affect but it definitely works!!  Kept me cooler when I was sweating and when I needed warmth it helped to break the wind against my skin!  Great gaiter!A little disappointed. The fit was odd for the pants and the material started peeling just after a few washes. However, it kept me worm.Not true to size. I wear size 8 but this one was tight and narrow. Very uncomfortable shoe as the front (where it meets the arch) cut uncomfortably into the sides of my feet.

Pretty shoe though, Looks exactly like the photo.It's a beautiful dress but runs somewhat loose. You will need a belt. There are bra strip buckles on shoulder which is nice.This left a sticky, shiny, globby residue on my Birkenstocks. I'm very disappointed.the shoe is an okay church shoe, but not as dressy as I anticipated.  The gold color is pretty but the broach looks plastic and cheapI wear a size 7.5 but they were too large, returned them for a size 7 which fit better. Bought for Zumba and am pleased with them.I love the fit except for the ankles are a lot looser like yoga pants rather than tights. They are super comfy and soft though!The quality was good but the size was off. Very big, so I returned them.I ReAlly didn't like this necklace! It was very cheap but what u see is what u get and it was extremely junky lookingthis is the best sports bra i've owned. it's a little pricey, but well worth the money. i'm saving up for my next one :).Nice shoe.  Daughter doesn't like color and runs a bit large for her foot.This shoe is comfortable - I do feel the ridge unde the ball of my foot, which is more annoying than truly uncomfortable (the reason for the 3 rating).  While it is comfortable, I find that if worn all day my feet hurt more than when I wear other comfort shoes with more arch support or even my boots with an arch support insole.  Pretty good shoe but not a star. :)These pants arrived heavily starched. Washed it the first time, it still came out stiff as a board with heavy wrinkles that never came out after ironing. I've had these pants for a few weeks, and have used it twice. I washed it a few more times. It still came out stiff as a board with wrinkles that can never be ironed out. What a waste of money. I'm never going to buy this brand ever again.This dress was very see through.. the slit on the chest is nor that deep. It barely reaches my chest. And the sides are over lapped differently. One side the front flap is under the back and the other is behind it?!
Also the dress looks very long and in a chiffon almost sheer material. This dress is cotton and only reaches my ankle... it fits awkward. So for c cup athletic build 5'7'' girl. Do not get this!!The boots look much cheaper in person than online.  I guess that is to be expected as they were only $27.These are my favorite scrub top!  I own 3 colors in them.  Perfect fit for women.Very nice - but too smallClassy either worn casual or dressed-up!  Thinner material as reviews suggest but drapes beautifully!Disappointed.  I read the reviews, and I have worn safety shoes my entire life.  These boots are heavy and do not fit well at all.  I wanted to give them so I have worn them quite a bit (beyond any return expectation), but I will NEVER buy a pair of Keen shoes again,  I will stick to Wolverine.  I will eventually wear these out because I hate to waste the money, but I just bought a pair of New Balance (non-safety) boots and at least they do not wear me out.  TOTAL disappointment, and a waste of money.Had to send them back. I thought I'd ordered a woman's 10 but got a men's 12.Is not a distressed shirt,looks like a brand new very black ts hirt, not particularly soft but think my son will like it anywayWay too narrow to be authentic.  Def. a knock off shoe.  Need some quality control here.  Don't waste your time or money.  Sending back.Not as good as Haynes Beefy T, for same $A good little tool.  I, of course, had 1 watch band that was to big and annoyed that a watch store wanted to charge me $15 to remove a couple links.  This worked great!  I don't know about durability, I just got it.I love the Stone Roses and its a cute top, although the fit is a bit strange. A little wide.Returned because the velcro wouldn't reach around my daughter's foot. When she was wearing it part of the velcro was exposed.Exactly as expected! Fit perfect for shoe size.Was okCheap knock off of some better ones I have worn for years.  They feel slightly uneven.  I can't recommend them.  They would be OK for occasional pool or beach use, but should cost less for what they are.Nice  fit, but I order length size to long have to get .altered. To soon for review, have not been worn yetMy husband really liked it a lot The color and material of these boots are decent but the same blue thick plastic type of material thats on the bottom is the same material inside the boot, meaning my son will be walking on some sort of hard plastic. There no soft cushion inside.They fit good but the super soft waist band folds over easy. They aren't my husbands favorite because he wishes they would stay up and not fold over.Too small for my five year old's hands. Would be perfect for a two or three year old.Warning they run big. I am still debating on returning and getting a half a size or so smaller. Great color, came in quickly.BeautifulBless this model's heart. Her size 2 body looks great in this...I ordered a medium, and honestly I'd say it fits in between a small and medium. It's a little unflattering, but good motivation to love 4-5lbs :-)The tongue keeps sliding to the outside of the foot.  The faux leather on the corner of the tongue rubs against my leg, causing a blister.Mine looked fake the graphics were faded and crookedThe FBI stamp came off a bit on the first washer machine wash, even with the gentle cycle. You should try a different manufacturer.They are attractive shoes, but I had to send them back.These have real feathersour granddaughter loved it and so did our birddog.  But it broke in half for no reason.  It's very thick and stiff.I really like the color and the design. It's been fine in the washing machine. It didn't shrink and the color is fine. My only issue with it is that it's a little thin and kind of see through especially around the breasts.I guess for the price, it's an ok product. I liked it a lot initially; it was everything I was looking for, but now (a couple months later) some of the seams are already starting to split, and there is a little flap that was not sown down well that makes it difficult to get ID's out. Otherwise, I do like the wallet and will continue to use it until stuff falls out. :/The leather is hard and will time to break in other than that the quality is good and the fit is right onLove the stretchy fabric. I am 5' tall. Needs massive shortening!  Great buy.
The brass studs on the cuffs were a surprise as they don't really show up that way online. May change to pretty buttons.I ordered a small one. I am 5.9' and 132lb, not too skinny or big. I thought the small one would still fit me because I'm tall, but it is very loose on me around my waist. I still gave it 3 stars because I like the design and how comfy the fabric is. It looks highly identical to the picture shown. I really like this shirt and I recommend it. :)It's an interesting coat, as material goes! Very pretty, and I get tons of compliments! I got the black, and if one were to try to grab me to abduct me, their hand would slide right off as this is the slickest material I have ever seen!!!  It's not nearly as warm as one would think it would be, either, but the hood is a marvel in blocking the wind! It is very large and comes forward to the point one is essentially blinded to whatever is on either side of them...but as a windblocker? EXCELLENT!
The sizing is Asian and very tiny. I wear a size 8 and ordered the "XL" which I believe is supposed to be the size 12-14. I was sent a size "XXL" and if I were to gain 5 pounds it would be pretty darn tight...and if I grew (ahem) boobs, it wouldn't fit at all!!!  Be, to quote the famous hunter Elmer Fudd, "vewwy vewwy careful!" in picking the correct size. Other than that, I love my coat: it's long enough, very form-fitting and attractive, garners lots of compliments, has an awesome zipper that one can unzip from either end of the coat (!), and is basically kidnap proof!!!Cheap and flimsySingle worst buy just tried to re order it....pissed.....first time i washed it by itself cause of the white ill be dang if the sleeve dosent stain the shirt ohhhh how mad i am right now cheap azz material...This is a classic case of get what you pay for. Unfortunately, boots are not something you skimp on (unless by skimp you mean buying them on end-of-season clearance). The boots didn't cost much and they look like it. The design does seem to lend itself to comfort though.I am Male, 5'7" and 190. My longest run so far has been a 5k. I have about 50mi on these running, plus alot of casual wear. I can run the distance easier in these shoes than I can with my asics runner i bought from a big box store for around 40 bucks. During the run I have minor aches and pains in my legs, but in different areas depending on which shoes I am wearing. The Vivo seems to work the back of my calve muscles more. It's not a bad painful, I just feel a good burn back there. I have run on the treadmill, roads, and gravel paths with no problem what so ever. I can run faster, and longer in these shoes.

I would not recommend wearing these all day as I find myself getting fatiged. I like them for running, or walking for part of the day, then switching to something with more support.

Also during casual wear I find my feet sweating instantly. Even on a cool day, inside watching tv. The rubber shoe do not breath. That, to me is a little unconfortable. Wearing a thin sock, or a little air flow will help that alot. i definatly cannot see wearing these on a hot day on the beach. They would definatly have to come off to get some air.Sturdy materialGood bootsway to small xtra large is xtra smallLooks ok but it's a bit thin especially compared to the other charms.These were just as described. They were good quality. An excellent price thank you.I have mixed feelings about this shoe. I had been scouring the internet looking for a pair of shoes in this style for a moderate price and thought I finally found them with these shoes; this was not the case. I did love how these shoes looked straight out of the box, although there was a chemical dye smell that sometimes is present with faux leather shoes, but I was not thrilled with how these shoes looked when on. I'm not sure if I received a pair of shoes which had already been tried on or something but I noticed some strange creases on the inner shoes like they had been stretched out which was odd since the shoes were loose on my feet, the creases aren't noticeable when they are off the foot. I can be a little bit obsessive so these stretch lines or creases became all I could focus on. Given that return shipping is costly I knew I was going to keep them so I tried my hardest to given them a chance. I wore them on a mini vacation I took and they were comfortable enough. I wouldn't recommend walking miles in them but they are good for doing a little walking and shopping. Overall they are okay but I will continue to look for the perfect shoe in this style.

More about the shoe:
-they seem sturdy except for the straps which could have been a little better
-faux leather is pretty good, not super cheap looking or obviously faux
-the heel is a little slippery
-shoes have a wide fitVery comfortable but the one I got one of the boot has a zipper defect won't zip upnot too thrilled about it. its just ok i guess.Picture doesn't look clear! Quality isn't very good.Product is larger than anticipated, great price, and arrived on time.  Very pleased!I have a narrow heel and these shoes are much too large in the heel.  I'm using heel inserts with them.Size is smaller than expected to be a medium.Larger than expected.I have very high arches and plantar fasciites. Anyone who has that knows it hurts like you know what. Its so miserable to walk when you're in that kind of pain and these shoes have really helped. I live in flip flops in the summer and they have saved me. They are really expensive but so worth it. Some days I've had to wash them off to wear them in the house cuz my foot hurts so much. It maybe time to invest in another pair just for inside.These were so big that I have to return them. They look like clown shoes on my boyfriend. Approximately two sizes too big.Nice slacks, but a little tight in the thighs. Other then that, no complaints. Colors are true and wrinkle free after the first wash.Love, love, love this nightgown. I am so glad that you carry it! I have been looking for this style for years!You can't go wrong with Converse. They fit like they should and will last for a very long time.Just what I wished for.Didn't realize 6" when purchased. Too small for me, returned.Very lovely looking dress but poorly made. The dress has whole in it from the seams coming loose. I had it altered and it still happened again. I returned the dress.The lining is coming right out of the case. Save your money and purchase a different eye glass case.Ran really smallI like the shirt but the size large is a bit more snugged fitting then I expected.Do not like the earrings. They are so small you can barely see them. They look like there for a baby .worked for my costumeLived it great quality and fast deliveryOrder 2 sizes larger.I just hated this product.  It was too heavy and the openings were strange.  It looked very different from the picture.  I have returned this product and hope for a refund.  I should not buy things like this on line.  I need to look and feel things.  I did not open it in a timely fashion as I was planning to use it specifically for an upcoming business trip.  It was not what I wanted and so scrambled at the last minute to find something to take with me.  I can buy books and other products but clothing, bags etc do not work.Way narrowExceeded my expectationsSoftest t in our house! But 2 sizes to big from what is normal.The picture on the web site is complete misleading. It's not grey with black numbers. It's completely black and you can't read the watch in normal daylight.
Nice watch. Comfortable, but useless if I can't read it without holding it up to my nose. Good customer service. Returning it was a breeze.These shoes are perfect for me.  I wear them 8 - 12 hours a day walking on concrete with no problems.Awesome!Was a bit small/tight fitting for the size. I'd size up.Very nice quality...very satisfied.The head piece that comes with it is ridiculous I am returning the costume.The smell so weirdI bought these for my wife, who is constantly cold inside or out, and she loves them and they keep her feet warm for the first time in a long time.They say HV is for wider feet, I'm not even a true wide... D is standard width, E is wide, and I'm like a d. 5 and these are just as narrow as my shimano mtb shoes which are advertised as standard width!! 150$ is a rip off for these shoes.It's a really cute bag, but as the other reviews indicate it's a bit on the small size.  Would be perfect if it was slightly larger.the gasket is a lot thinner on this one vs the one I got from the shop that made my prescription lenses. I haven't ridden with this seal yet since I can tell it does not seal against the face like the original one did. I'll keep it as a backup and I'll get me another from the eyeglass shop.prefer walker by vionicExcellent item. Very nice quality corset which would be three times the price in a speciality shop. Makes an easy and affordable gift.I've owned 3 pair of these pants, and just bought 3 more.  I can't really find any pants I like better for wearing to work; they have simple, elegant styling and are quite comfortable.  Of the 3 I originally bought, however, one of them has worn significantly faster than the others - as in, unacceptable fraying within a month, after only having worn them a handful of times.  My wife re-hemmed them and that fixed that problem, but now the seat is severely worn - again, despite me wearing these less frequently than my other 2.

My only other complaint besides the variable quality is one about the color "bark".  It is significantly greener and darker than shown in the photo, in fact very similar to "olive" (which isn't available here but can be found elsewhere on Amazon).  I think this actually might be Haggar's fault - I looked on their website and the color "bark" is significantly different for the pleated version (more of a medium khaki, as shown here) than for the flat-front (more of an olive, which they actually are).  I wonder if Haggar recently changed the color without telling any of their merchants.These are great boots at a great price.  Just know that you may need to go a size or two down when buying.very good, my daughter was very happyToo SmallCheap print, and appears that I did it at home with no skills; don't recommend ordering it.Let my petitie 4'11" wife wear them on a run.  She had to take them off about a mile in.  However, Yorkberg did offer to refund the cost.  We kept them.  She might try again later.Love the pattern and color but would only fit you if your a SIZE 1 !!  OMG one size fit all ?  Really?  NOTThese shoes are cheap, and I go through about 1 1/2 pair a year as my daily wear shoe as a public defender. I am on my feet a lot, and they are comfortable. They are appropriately dressy even for jury trials. It isn't noticeable that these are rubber sole shoes instead of leather sole ones. On me, these shoes always wear out in the same way. The upper separates from the lower on the left shoe on the outside. I've had this happen a bunch of times over the nearly 9 years I have been working in my current role. I really wish that this issue didn't come up because the shoes would otherwise probably last about a year and a half per pair but for the separation issue. I am guessing another $2-3 in material could easily fix the problem, but then I guess Deer Stags wouldn't sell as many shoes.This scarf arrived with a very strange odor, it wasn't quite musty or moldy but it definitely wasn't fresh.  Since there were not visible signs of mold of mildew on the scarf, I decided to wash it first before resorting to returning the item.  I am not a fan of receiving items that have a strange smell-- usually my first instinct is to return the item, but I was very excited about the coloration of this scarf-- so I wanted to give it a good try before I returned it.  I use arm and hammer detergent with oxyclean and washed it on the gentle cycle. I dried it with a single dryer sheet and ran one complete cycle in the dryer (also on the gentle cycle) thankfully the scarf came out fine and much softer than it was when I opened the package (initially it was very dry and stiff to the touch).  Thankfully, my careful laundering steps were worth the effort and the strange odor was removed from the scarf.  I hope that this was just a fluke with the item I received, but if you find yourself in a similar situation, try washing it with the suggestions I've provided here in lieu of returning the item or spending money to have the scarf dry cleaned (although I'm sure you would get similar if not better results if you chosse to send it to the dry cleaners instead).

More specifics about the scarf-- it has a lovely intricate design and is well woven with no kinks or snags.  As I mentioned, the material used was not very soft, but did feel much better after being laundered. I thought the scarf I had selected looked more pink and green online, but in person it had more of a pink and gold contrast.  I understand that monitors can sometimes display colors differently, so this was not an issue for me.  Overall, I was happy with the scarf after resolving the odor issue described above.

I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for an unbiased and honest review, All opinions expressed here are my own. I am not affiliated with this company and make no promise of a good review in exchange for product discount. Federal Trade Commission Disclaimer: I received this item at a discounted price with that understanding that I would provide my honest review and unbiased opinion via a review that I would post to this site. I am very much dedicated to providing high quality, honest and thorough reviews and plan to update this post in the future if my continued use of this product causes my critique to change in any way.I went on a few recent trips and these have been great for sorting different family members' belongings.  They look small, but fit quite a bit. They help keep some level of organization (from someone with 4 kids).My 4 month old is in the 90th percentile so I am used to buying bigger outfits for her. She's currently wearing 6-9 months for most brands. I decided to order it on 18 months hoping that it would last longer. Unfortunately, this fits more like 6 months -  definitely not 18. Other than that,  it looks cute.Best sunglasses ever! No problem staying on while riding waterslides or walking in the sunshine.i like the farbicSMALL BUT GOODThey were nice and comfy, wife really liked them, but low quality as soles started cracking on both after about 3 monthsGreat build quality, etc. but they didn't fit for me. The heel cup was very odd, I couldn't tighten the laces enough to keep my heel from sliding up and down in the boot.I love hush puppies. I thought these shoes would be perfect for work and walking. this is the worst shoe I've purchased. The back of the shoe rubbed and tore my skin. I've even tried wearing band aids. No use.Fits somewhat small but I'm far away to change it. The product is good and the shipping was so fastawesome shirt, flattering for plus size and chicNormally wear a 12w...first pair was huge. Reodered an 11.5w, very narrow and the first lacing stud just fell off. Poor quality control.
Obviously, returning all.My go to cover up. It is so soft and comfortable!!Good product, size upI am 5'10", 175 lbs. The high-waisted aspect is nonexistent on my frame. The model shown must be 5'2" 110 lbs. It's great for a mini as the fabric is stretchy. ...it just won't be a high-waisted if you are tall or larger boned.Decent construction, the only bad thing about it are the insoles slip out every now and then.They were red not maroonAbsolutely love, love, love these sandals!!!  Excellent support!  Bought my first pair about 7 years ago and wore and wore and wore them.  Decided I should probably relegate them to a more casual level.  However, knew that I wanted to replace them in kind, so was thrilled to find these!

I have many foot issues (hammer toe, Morton's neuroma, bunion, etc.); Finn Comfort brand footwear is by far the most comfortable I have ever worn.  Even more comfortable than gym shoes!  Highly recommend this style as well as any other Finn Comfort style (of which I own several)

They last for years, and are well worth the price for both comfort and longevity.I was surprised how big the 16W was compared to a regular 16. I believe a 14W would have been perfect, but was unavailable in the color I wanted.
This dress is very pretty and slimming and shows off the ladies perfectly! I really wanted to love it, but it was an odd fit for me and I ended up returning it.My niece love this boots, she said they look fantastic, for me they look like sleepers but she loves them and hard to stop her to show off her warm up boots not only outside the dance academy but everywhere she goesI was expecting something a bit better, since I have a pair of Defeet gloves that are amazing. These do the job, but they could be improved.

The good:
1) They keep my knees warm during winter bike rides, which is why I bought them
2) They are made in the US, which is great
3) The wool is thick, but not so thick as to be cumbersome or scratchy

The not so good:
1) They should be bigger. I don't have especially muscular legs, but these are extremely tight at the ends, which makes them uncomfortable to wear. The elastic strips used at the top and bottom of the tubes should be wider, so that the warmers are secure, but not constricting. This is the main reason I opt not to wear these most of the time.This bra was too snug and uncomfortable, I wouldn't recommend this bra if you are rather busty.It was a firm fit.matbe I didn't have the body for it but that doesn't fix what doesn't work on it, specifically the single two inch ruffle that goes down the front. Not flatteringI was excited to see Chaco Wrapsody back. However, I didn't realize that the straps on the "Wrapsody X" style are not as long as the straps on the previous "Wrapsody" version. I have high arches and average, not wide feet, and I had to use every bit of strap to get my feet into them. This Wrapsody X version also has twice as many straps and the straps are very skinny, making adjustment difficult. I will keep them but they are not as comfortable as the previous Wrapsody sandal, as the fit is rather snug. I can't wear them for long walks when my feet might swell, but they are okay for wearing around the house. People with narrow feet might be happier with them.this is NOT an abnormality. As I am finding that most manufacturers from that part of the world is shrinking their sizes.
I am 60 years old and my feet are NOT growing, however every pair of shoes I buy, need to go up a size due to length.
I used to wear 10.5's these were 11.5's an were still way to short. I ordered 12's and they are ok.
I donated them to the local mission.OkI usually wear an 11 in running shoes, and I ordered these at a 10.  I feel that they run large due to the square toe (but I was expecting that from previous returns).  I love how these shoes could be worn with jeans, or dressed up a little with khakis.  They go with pretty much everything in my wardrobe, and are super comfy.  They are easily three times the quality of the similar Padmore model.  The leather is thicker and stiffer at first on the Wallabee's, but much better quality (I can tell they will last for a LONG time, whereas, the Padmore model wore out in less than a year's sporadic wear) .  The Wallabee in-soles are leather and sit on the special gum material out-sole.  The Padmore has a fabric in-sole and harder plastic out-sole.  Overall, if you can catch a good price on the Wallabees... I highly suggest the better quality.Came with what appeared to be a hole caused by a burn (black around the edges of the hole). I would have returned it except it arrived the day before Halloween and was part of the costume.Some break in required.I like the storage and all the pockets but it doesn't hold up well. The second day of use and it split along the zipper. Not durable!! It's now past the 30 day return policy.

**UPDATE**  After seeing my review the company quickly contacted me and resolved the issue with a replacement. Very good customer service and I look forward to giving this another try.Way too big. I'm usually between a medium and large, but according to the sizing chart it looked like I should definitely order a large, plus in the photo the bust area looks kind of small and I'm pretty large in the bust. I received the large and it's huge. The material is very stretchy and I could grab handfuls of fabric on the sides. I wish I'd ordered a small! Other than that it's nicely made esp for the price, but this is a dress that would be nice to try on first.Purchased these shoes because it states these are the shoes to wear if you have plantar fasicitis..  This is not  true. These shoes are flat soles and I could not wear.  Waste of money.Very nice shirt for the price and shipped very fast. Got here much earlier than predicted. Its the same as the photo except the seams aren't as clean as i am used to but still a wonderful shirtThe pictures show black marbling in the stone but the stone I got was all silver with one small black line on the side. I was VERY disappointed and the company was going to charge a 50% restocking fee for a return.pretty; but smaller than shownDress is extremely see through. Theres only one under cover and even that is see through.Thinner than expected/It's fantasticI took three Horny Toad shirts on a two month backpacking trip through Europe. I took the Reyna, one I can't remember the name of, and this one. The other two were made of their Samba/Tencel fabric, and this was the only one made out of what feels like an athletic fabric.

I needed hand-washable, fit-maintaining shirts. This one stayed tight (in an XS) through every-other-day hand washing and long days with lots of movement. Two main complaints, and the reasons I will not buy anything in this fabric again: It holds odors. The Samba shirts by Horny Toad manage to stay fresh and clean, even if you're hauling a backpack around for 20 hours and sweating. This shirt held odors just like a polyester athletic shirt, and that's a big no-no for me. Secondly, I splashed bacon grease on it, and it ruined the shirt. For a $60 dollar shirt to be ruined by grease (and NOTHING would get it out) is insulting, and naturally bacon grease only ever splashes right down the front, where you can't hide it.

I'm glad I got to really road test this shirt, but I wouldn't buy it again, wouldn't recommend it for a similar travel expedition, and will actually avoid this fabric entirely in the future. Samba on the other hand, go for it.I wear these all the time.  I just wish the sizing was more consistent.  Levi's quality is not what it use to be 20 years ago.  I've got Levi's of the same size and model and some are too small and some are too large.Product started falling apart during the first week, I am 5'4" and barely 120 lbs. and I got a small. It now has multiple rips in it, even when I tried the largest set of hooks. No product should be this flimsy. Another downside is it likes to roll up at the edges, especially under the bust. All in all, I am extremely disappointed and regret wasting my money on this.The watch is ok but, the picture that is use for promotion looks much more expansive then what the watch truly is.Awesome sandals,  only complaint is that they are a little hard compared to other Flojos I own.Love merrill shoes....last pair I had lasted 2 years of wearing 3-4 (and sometimes more) days per week.Quality and affordable undershirt for tall manThe zipper in the back was difficult to zip. Reordered a half size larger.Shield worked perfect with the Link costume we have hung it on the wall in his bedroomI'm sure it's a nice product that works...on other bracelets. I've been making my sister several different bracelets to give to her for Christmas, but the beads would fall off if I tried to take off/put on the bracelet, so I was like "Hmm, I need a stopper bead!" So I found this one, which looked nice and was a lot cheaper than the rest, and said it would fit the brand of bracelet I was using. thus, I ordered it. It got here in about 4 days, which was nice, but it won't fit over the bracelet end (like the review before this said.) I'm pretty disappointed and now have no use for this item. Now I have to find something that does work. Too bad.Low quality construction.  Only after wearing only 5 times, there are many edges that are fraying.  The buttons are aligned with the button holes so there's a gap near my chest and belly.

There's no need for a double-button end cuff.Fits perfect body banging in it would purchase another oneI tried several strapless bras and this one gave the best support. Does fit a little small thru the chest--cup size is trueEverything is exactly as described. It fit the NIkon underwater camera as well as three backup batteries and an iphone. PERFECT for traveling overseas.Comfortable. Pushes the girls up.  Decent quality for the price.Upon receipt I was thrilled with the bags construction, the backpack straps, the shoulder strap, the molle webbing, the internal storage etc... the Main compartment is large and has 2 dividing panels that can be zipped back and folded flat to open up the bag for more storage and it is sealed with a heavy duty zipper that is excellent quality.  The side compartments are essentially useless due to the following: 1) if the main compartment is packed full, you cant fit your hand in there. 2) if the main compartment is packed full, the cheaper zippers used to close the side compartments WILL become stretched, misaligned, and eventually fail; on my bag, the failure happened around the 5th time I unzipped it.

Do yourself a favor and buy the Voodoo Tactical 'MOJO LOADOUT BAG" its worth the extra money.Looks nice but wish it had more "real" leather. - Not sure about "bonded" leather. I know bonded leather wears out sooner.I had to return these due to the size being a little small. The shoe itself was very stiff and hard.Perfect fit, perfect gift! Thank youThese are not like the previous pair I had bought in that they are very narrow across the toes.  I'm hoping they will eventually stretch out and stop hurting my toes.Description says leather. It's not!This is a replacement for worn out pair. Would select this vendor again.I ordered these shoes when they were 135.00 a pair.  Now for some reason they are around 186.00 a pair.  Don't waste your money.  I had these shoes for about 2 months, never ran in them and only wore them occasionally as a casual shoe.  I started noticing pieces of black rubbery pieces around the entry way of our home.  I picked them up and couldn't figure out where they were coming from.  Low and behold, I picked up one of these overpriced shoes and notices the bottom sole was just chipping away.  I could drop them from waste level and another chunk would fall off.  Again, these shoes were only worn several times over a 2 month period, and just for casual wear.  I can't even imaging what would have happened if I'd tried to run in them!!!! Don't waste your money on these awful shoes!I beat the hell out of these boots, and they keep their shape and stay comfy.  They are a matte finish, so they won't polish.  Great shoe for winter outside, or just with a pair of jeans.It differentNice boots just too smallIf you have narrow feet, these may work for you. I bought these shoes to work in ( I'm a bartender and stand for 8 hours) and these would not have been comfortable at all for longer than 30 minutes. Its unfortunate because, they look adorable.They are very stylish. I liked them a lot but I could not wear them AT ALL. They felt like a size 8 rather than a 9 so I sent them back immediately. I was very disappointed.I bought this thinking it was for your arm, since that is what is displayed in the picture.  Boy was I wrong!  This might fit a 6 year's old arm.  As a woman I have pretty small arms, muscular, but small, and the band only went half way around.  It fit my wrist, but personally it looks weird there.  tossed this in the Halloween future costumes piles to never be used probably.

Its not the highest quality thing, but I would of been plenty happy with it if it actually fit around my arm.  However if I was doing a fancier costume I would want it to be shinier, nicer metal, nor painted on gold.The product was a gift and is fine but not exactly the style that the recipient wanted.Very high quality material,  great look, but definitely runs small and will hug your body tightly.  Well worth the purchase price,  however.  If you're looking to smooth a bit of belly without a shaper, add a peplum hem short skirt over the bottom (which is what I do).If you have any amount of hair other than very fine or short this wig probably won't fit on your head.  Not very stretchy to allow for putting hair up under.  I have long thick hair and there was NO WAY I was getting my long locks under this wig.  My husband tried it on and has a big head - was tight on his head as well.  Disappointed.  AND no returns.  Won't be buying anymore wigs from this company.I wear 7.5-8 and have a pair of Dansko 38, which has lasted years, so I ordered the same size. Ridiculously small. I even bought shoe stretchers and stretcher spray but still can barely get my feet in. Unwearable.

Then I read the reviews about changes in manufacturing. Wish I'd done that first.I had to return it, way too big, however it was soft and light weight.it okFootbox far too roomy.  Feels much larger than the 860v4Lovely gloves, but way too NARROW!  I originally ordered my usual 8.5.  They were very tight on my hand.  Returned them for a 9.  Longer in the fingers, but still too tight in the hand width.  I am keeping these, and hope they will stretch somewhat.  These are not the Fownes I used to order by any means.Soft,warm and fit as expected.Excellent shoe for running and walking.  All my past Sauconys
have held up well.

The Progrid Echelon 3 is new for me.  I now have two pairs.
Best running shoe ever, at least for my needs.  One-third
lighter than Saucony Hurricane.  Yet nearly as cushy.Beautiful & elegant but delicateThe sizing of the shirts is very small and not consistent with size charts.The shirt is not the best quality, it fits well but the logo feels like it is cheap and will fade easily after a few washes.  Also. the actual shirt I received does not have the red lettering that is shown in the picture, it just has a clear block lettering that is not as easy to see and doesn't look as nice as the red lettering in the picture.  Not a fan of inaccurate product descriptions.

UPDATE:  After a few washes the shirt looks awful.  The logo is barely visible and the colors have changed drastically.This fits slightly small. I'm a UK size 6.5 on normal shoes and I bought a UK size 7B (US size 9B) but it's still small and narrow and I cannot use thick socks. I would have been better with a 9.5C/Dthe bust is not right. it is supposed to be for a 53" bust but it only measures for a 36". hips were okay loved the feel until tried to zip up the bodice. it wouldnt. got very frustrated because id purchased this with a wedding i was going to in april. Now ill have to find something else. I want to return this dress along with the other dress purchased nearly together. please forward directions on how i can do this/ i like amazon but was disappointed with this.Good quality. Super warm and comfortableThe neck line is a little smaller than a normal t-shirt, so it feels constricting. But, I really like this shirt.Very comfortableThese trunks are poor quality, way too long....(look like some punk rocker swim suit) AND  basically stupid looking in my opinion.
What is this peddal pusher look with all these swim trunks?Very niceIt was a mistake on my part to order the "youth" medium versus the regular mediumAbsolutely love this Swatch....was a little smallPerfect for taking my summer gear to the beach this year! Love the color, and the size is perfect! Hurray summer!I ordered these 1/2-size up (8 1/2 from my usual size 8), knowing that Tevas can run a bit small. The length and heel were just fine (there was even some slip in the heel), but they were too narrow through the toe box. I was really unhappy to send them back, because they are such attractive, well-made, supportive boots! But my toes need lots of room. Too bad.I just received these socks and they came in a mold covered box. No thanks.I ordered the black tank top and the size i ordered was too large.
The quality of the tank was compared to one that I would buy at Walmart.
Nothing special.
I won't order any more of the tank tops.When you hold them up to the light you can see sparkles on these bloomers, which made my daughter quite happy. She wears these all the time, even under pants LOL.
They're light enough to not be bulky, but thick enough to cover her up. I just wish they didn't cost so much, but you get what you pay for and these are good quality product.It's just okay for me. I bought another pair of these from another seller- Frumos on sale and I LOVED them. But, like an idiot, I was cleaning my house in them and got bleach on them and ruined it. I know, I know. Tragic. I'm 5'5 and 135lbs I got the medium. these are more sheer than the other brand I had but were like $10 bucks cheaper so I figured I would try them. They have a very long waist. I have to really pull down the top a lot to make them work- or the crotch sits too low or the pants look too short. The length on these is not a problem for me at all. I like my palazzo pants long but I saw some other reviewers complain about that so... Also the tag in the back is scratchy. If I had to do it over again, I would buy the other ones I had before. I would not buy this brand again.Straps come undone easilyI ordered a hat size M, however, is very large and nowhere found hat size, it seems very suspicious. It is a beautiful hat.My son loves wearing this vest.  It does run a little large but that makes it perfect for wearing over a sweater/shirt.  I've washed it multiple times and it has held up perfectly.The left front of the shoe is cut differently from the right.  It looks odd and fells different too.They are kinda cheap but considering the price I understand.  A lot of the stoppers were defective though - my only true complaint.  Little girls really liked them.The Venom symbol was off center and faded. The hoodie was a bit smaller than expected. After the first wash it shrank even more.It is well made, but not very thick or warm.not at this time.I am disappointed with this sweatshirt I got it. As it defective one sleeve is long then the another one.Way too small. I could not even get into it.Totally awful. Material is extremely cheaply made. Upon opening noticed multiple tears in the seams and dangling strings etc. Pants were really baggy yet short (cut above ankles).I always use the size I order.  However, this company seem to make larger their size.  However, I find the right size somewhere else, and I was very happy with them.  A couple week later, the zipper start to separate from the boot.  Because, I needed them I use the zipper from the outside of the boot.  I went to fix them and It cost me $60 each zipper.
A big $120 reparation adding to the price of the boot.The material was to stiff for me...The necklace itself was nice, and so were the earrings, but it would've been nice to have some of those rubber earring stoppers to prevent the earring back from sliding off.  Normally when I buy earrings at a store, they already come with them...something to consider.Ok I'm 38 bust. Kept the dress had to alter it to fit my bust other than that its very flattering and great for a date or a get together.I thought the hat was very nice.  Was given as a giift which seemed well-received.Received July 18th.  Had just one week and worn only a few times.  Strap covering is already coming apart.  Definitely not up to expectation of New Balance.I wear a regular 10.5 shoe size but the 10.5 for these shoes are tight. Next time I would definitely order an 11 if not an 11.5 to be safeFit was great but material is cheap n see thru. i meam for price it's expected but a great nude shape/liner made it classy for meGot wrong size :(Wow, if you want to buy some really uncomfortable slippers, these are the ones for you!  I wanted slippers that offered some support in the footbed, so that's why I went with an Orthaheel product, but these run too small, too narrow and the arch in the slipper is too rigid.  A complete and total disappointment.  Look elsewhere, as I will.These hurt between my toes and we're way to wide for my feet.I am a 32F/G 10 days post partum.  I ordered a XL.  After washing it, I found the cups to be a little loose, but the body of the tank to be snug on my postpartum belly.  It still works and possibly will work better as the bell continues to downsize.  Also I find the lace straps to be a little scratchy.love itDoes not fit well, waist area is lower than waist bust area is also lower not constructed well  but for the price  you get what you pay forOh why oh why did I just buy one pair........oh why oh why did I dare.  My daughter and I fight over these, even though they are hers.  These feel AWESOME. We've even worn them out on the balcony and they are still in perfect shape, kept feet completely warm too.  Why are they unavailble now? WHY??????????This is a cute bracelet. I ordered it for my teen daughter who is a big nature lover. It's styled like the Pandora bracelets. It took me quite a while to figure out how to open this bracelet. There is a bead labeled Pandora that opens up. It keeps the open end in place. The directions were emailed separately and there are instructions with photos on the item description. If you are not careful when opening that bead up, the beads may fall off of the chain rope bracelet. It is a nice size, but it didn't fit my wrists. I am a plus sized mom and my wrist measures at 7.5 inches. This bracelet fits up to 6.5 inches. It does fit my daughter though. Most of the beads make sense and go along with the nature theme. However, one of the beads is a money bag with a dollar sign which is a little odd to have with a frog, apple, snake, and leaf. The beads can come off, so I will probably take that one off and add something else. Overall, it is cute. Just make sure that you pay attention to the measurements.

*I received this for free in exchange for my honest & unbiased review. My thoughts & opinions are my own.Material and manufacturing are great, but was too small and we returned it. Will instead get a larger size of course.
Return was as easy as it gets with Amazon. Nobody does it better. Even the refund was provided soon after we dropped
off the return (free on this item) at the local UPS store.My head 24.5 its tight but fine for a partyWish they would have put something next to it to give perspective. This necklace is super tiny. The glass beads are so lightweight that it does not hang in place, as it would if it were a little heavier. It moves around neck while wearing cause it is so light weight. More suitable for a child. Photo makes it look really nice, in person it looks cheap and flimsy. Very disappointed.WAAAAY TOO SMALL...I ordered the 12-13 size as a gift for my husband who wears a size 12. I wear a ladies 10 and they fit me perfectly.They are just a little wide, BUT not loose. They are perfect and super comfy. I love them, I love wearing them with jeans and dresses. Perfect to have in your car if you are wearing heels for a while and you wanna relax your feet when you drive. I love them, and will get more different color.I've owned multiple pairs of Halfingers. Just received these. Trying to decide about keeping them. They run large. If I keep them I will have to wear with thick socks to keep from slipping. My other haflinger slippers have an adjustable strap. Wish these had a strap also. Design and wool is very nice but arch support is lacking. Bummer.Great bag, I get lots of compliments.I like these leggings.  They were long when I got them, dried them in the dryer and they shrank in length and are now the perfect length.  If you want them longer, don't dry them.  I wish the fabric was a bit heavier, but that is my only complaint.Really small for a kid pretty much snapped right before my party and there's like dried hot glue in tge inner side that scratches your eyeA fan of Morrissey & a fan of tshirts. Awesome.Very smallFirst of all, for all ladies out there, it is what it says it is - a men's shirt, so it  will be large on you and long, unless you are over 6 feet tall. It is made of 100% cotton but the type of rough cotton - the type cheap shirts are made of. The picture here does NOT reflect the real colors, as someone already noticed. The real colors are not as intense, the blue is indeed more turquoise, the red is not as strawberry-raspberry type but a very pale reddish red, not deep, "shallow" red as I like to call it. I gave it 3 stars only bc the photos they put online are not reflecting the real colors, and for the rough cotton feel, other than that, this is not a bad shirt, but I would hate to wear it every day, again - bc of the cotton quality.A little flashy for me.So it was listed as an XL but the shirt, and Jacket where TOOO SHORT... this is meant for a guy with a SHORT TORSO, This would be too short on anyone.Based on all the reviews written, I decided to go a size up. I normally wear a size 6, so I purchased the 6.5. I wanted to wear these without socks so I was hesitant because I wanted them to fit snug so they can stretch to my feet.
I finally received them and I absolutely loved them! The quality, and item exceeded my expectation...unfortunately I have to send them back because they are too big. I tried them even with socks and still had way too much toe room in the front. The sides were somewhat snug, but not nearly as tight as some people reviewed. Sadly I have to return them and purchase them again in a smaller size.very nice fake watch...will turn some eyes and the band is sweet, but you have to have a small wrist...bWAREThis was a very cute top but once I tried it on, it was way to big. I ended up giving it to a friend. I had read all of the reviews before I purchased this top and am disappointed to say that the reviews are misleading. I only ever purchase a product from here if it has good reviews. After buying this shirt I can say that I will probably no long purchase clothing from here. I am very disappointed. Hopefully this helps y'all out.Soft, slinky, but not too stretchy. Comfortable fit. Ordered a medium. I wear dress size 8.I did not like this at all, it is not the lovely blue shade as seen, but a more washed out faded blue.  The wallet seemed functional otherwise, but I want my wallet to have a bright pop of color.Fit great!Great for a 3 year old (she's small - she's in 2T), for her dance practice.  I would buy more!Adorable ON..I got many compliments wearing this shoe!!Smallest shirt ever in life.These are very cheaply made locks.  They don't even close all the way.  I will be returning them for a refundTerrible
so uncomfortable and my teeth were black from the dye on my first wear
Returned.This is the 2nd hat like this that I purchased and it is very small.  I think that I will give it to my g-daughter.Product ripped as my daughter tried putting them on the first time.I got the INK and the Pine Green, first off, LOVE the colors. very vibrant, but not neon green. However, i ordered a Medium, thinking that a little big would be okay (i am about 5'7" and about 120 lbs), and it came HUGE. it practically swamped me. my mother who is about 25 pounds more than me could fairly easily fit the medium, I love the quality, but the size was not what i was expecting. nice shipping and handling, however. Came in folded, and without many wrinkles. only downfall to this shirt was the size.I like and don't like. I like because it is cool I don't like about it that it is not like he picture, eyes are clear, and smells like a balloonA good thong sandal from Sperry, although a little on the small side.  But, I wear then often and think they will be a long lasting pair.Quality much below previous pair of New Balance 574s bought at local retail shoe store.designed more for older kids my son had a hard time getting his fingers innice but heavy on the feetThe belt buckle is very delicate, I like itArrived quickly and packaged beautifully for shipping. However, half a size too small though these are replacements for an old pair the same style and make. Amazon is quickly sending me another pair a half size larger to try. Will update.I had the same issue with the colors not matching the picture. I was definitely very disappointed as well because the picture was so cute but hopefully as a photographer someone will want to use it.I love this bag unfortunately it is very heavy for shopping trips!  The color is amazing and the pocket are placed perfect.Not what I expectedSHOULD ORDER WIDE.This skirt is beautiful. I love the pattern and cut. My biggest issues were that it was too small (the waistband was constantly digging into my skin) and the waistband never stays straight/flat. The elastic inside the waistband twists and folds in strange ways, and I have given up and just accepted the discomfort when I wear it.It fitted ok...I'm a size 11 in jeans and got Xl, what I didn't like is that you could really tell u have it on, so I don't wear it :/I ordered this one, but let me tell you. Never try to buy it. I put it at the same time in trash, how can someone wear this kind of clothe? No, i was 100% disappointed.Nice zippered pocketsAlthough these are a lite shoe which is what I was looking for- they hurt my feet ! After an hour on the court my feet were cramping and decided they had to be returned.Bought this as a gift for my little niece.. the picture on the Amazon site almost suggests that the beak of the penguin sticks out quite a bit from the surface of the bag (it actually does NOT). It only protrudes out just 1/4th of an inch or less (i didn't measure).. but I wish it was bigger because it doesn't look as cute as is suggested in the picture. I think part of the reason it's not as cute is that they made the beak out of a plastic-kind of material -- i think it would've looked much nicer/cuter if they made the beak with cloth/velvet. Recommend it but not too highly.

I have also bought the elephant one for my son and it's just perfect. I've been getting compliments for it in all my family parties.More brown than i expected. Still nice pantsPinches my little toe.I am 5' 150lbs. I bought a 3x due to the measurement chart. It is way too big on me on the legs and waist even on the tightest hook. I am returning it for this reason but I want to buy another one because I really actually like it. So I'm wondering should I buy one that is two sizes smaller? Does anyone have any input? I would appreciate it!I have very sensitive skin so the front lace itches me. Very attractiveIt was a little big but my daughter looked cute for churchHave to wear with thick sock otherwise they fit too too large, the leg part is also too big and loose, anyway they're very comfy and look good.Good for a flip flop.  I have wide feet and they fit just a little short on the edgesfit was very smallGreat they definitely are the only socks that don't restrict my circulation.
Bought short medium and long very pleased.Seems to be doing what it is supposed to be doing. Sleek and easily manageable.Hubby really loves these. They're the third pair of slip on Sketchers that I've bought for him in the past 6 months and this one is his favorite. They look nice too and run true to size. And shipping was fast thanks to Prime!When I went to lace my shoe the metal part of where you thread the string through came right off.  I was not too happy with that. Now I have to find a place to get it fixed instead of paying $20.00 to ship the shoe back.This is a very pretty ring with lots of sparkle.  I ordered the wrong size though.  I was always told that you should order up a size if the band is thicker so I ordered a 9 and it was too big.  The stones are a good size however I think that they are going to be too bulky in between my fingers unless I wear this on my thumb.Quality is poor, they are a bit flimsy.It's sporty, but the chain gold colour is fading fast.beautiful and well madeWe actually ordered one size larger than normal. My dad couldn't even button it all the way it was so tight. Rather than go through the trouble of returning this we ended up donating these shirts to our local church.This was pretty and seemed to be of a reasonable quality.  Sadly, it simply did not match my wardrobe in the way I hoped it would as it was much brighter than the image suggested.  It was returned, but amazon made it all very easy.They don't look like leather at all they are cute the ones I wanted had the higher heel but when I try to order them that's not what I got I've got the Cuban heel instead getting have time to return the productLove the jacket I couldn't wait till I got it in the mail. But I ordered a medium and it's big as hell. It fits like a large or even a extra large, it doesn't fit me. I ordered a medium to play it safe because I didn't know how it was going to fit me. When the jacket arrived and I tried it on it looked like a dress on me.I guess I expected these to have more lycra in them than they do.  They are essentially full cotton leggings.  As such, they are not as sleek feeling or looking as I was hoping for.  The material is thick enough that I don't worry about bending over in them, which is good.  These are good if they're what you're looking for, just not a fit for what I wanted.Sizing is slightly smaller by half-size. Other than that, I've been happy with these for the couple of weeks that I've worn them.It was considerably smaller in scale than I hoped, although the fit was okay.  I think it would be better on a young girl, or a very petitie woman.Too small for my liking.I don't live in the US, I spent only a few nights and ordered them to be delivered in my hotel. They look like second quality shoes, one of them has white spots on top and also one of the side stripes has a lighter color than the other. I am in the fashion industry, and from my experience, the pair I received is absolutely second quality. When I received them, I didn't have time to return them, so it was a loss of money for me.The date thing never worked right, it would always change days at noon instead of midnight no matter what I did.  The rose wears off a bit if your hard on it like I am, and the band lasted about 15 months before it broke.Loved the colors and style, but the quality is not really there. Had holes in them within a month.I have been wearing under my dress shirt.  Very thin.  I truly believe it has help many of my aches and pains in my upper body.  Will be purchasing another one.The color was depicted as beige but this color is more gold that beige, I am keeping because I like the style.I bought these pajamas for my mother and I. They are her and my favorite pajamas now. Warm and comfortable. I will be ordering more. Thank you.I fitted the shoe at a store and decided to purchase off amazon because the price was lower by about $30. Shipped on time, size was correct, I was pleased at first until I walked on the course with it.

Very Very Very uncomfortable and stiff, you do not realize this until you walk a few holes with it on. I expected to have to break in a new pair of shoes, but this was ridiculous.

Heel area of shoe extremely hard, inflexible and sharp. It left blisters on back of my heels.

After a few months of wearing it, the "saddle" area literally busted where the shoe is supposed to bend.

It seems that the construction/design is very poor and the materials used for the shoe is weak.

I gave it 1 star only because I could not give a lower score.

Stay away from this brand, you would regret it.the bathing suit was really nice but the top part felt a little uncomfortableOnly bought for pinning....worth the money for that 1 day!Not the best quality or color. For the price, it's a decent shirt.didn't like them in person.It is smaller than I thought.Fit great. Just didn't look good on meGreatI bought two packs of these - the blue and the green - for my son.  So far they have washed well (through at least a half dozen washings thus far) and are holding up nicely.  The stars on mine have not come off, though I see that on some reviews other moms have had issues with this.  The fit is nice - if a little odd.  I bought the 6-9 month size and they fit only slightly large on my 14 pound 3 month old son.  He'll be able to wear them for quite some time, but I really expected them to be far too big when I realized I'd ordered the wrong size.

All in all, they're good shirts for the price.  I expect they'll last quite a while, though perhaps not as long as some of the higher quality shirts.This would be a perfect skirt if it had a full length slip instead of a half. Which means you can see your legs from the knee down. The material is shimmery and is see though. I wouldn't have purchased it if I had know about the slip lining only being to the knee.I like to the look of this shoe, however, it was too small.Beautiful ring! Sadly the stones started falling out! You get what you pay for.ok quality but i like the simple design.
i think i will go back again if i need other rings.It was the wrong size too bigI love grey, but the grey version of this dress is a little old-lady ish. It's almost a champagne color, but not a sophisticated tone. Maybe other colors are better? It fits pretty well and doesn't appear to be see through.I have a pretty big head but this came a little too large for meI was looking to replace another Seiko dress watch and chose this one because of the clasp.  I like the look and especially because it is two-tone and goes with everything.  I like that it has a second hand because my previous one did not.  The only thing I'm not real pleased with is the overall size of the watch.  I prefer a smaller, dainty type watch and I thought this one would be so as well, but it is a little clunkier than I like.  Now, don't get me wrong, it is not a large, man-sized one, it is still feminine.  I just have a small wrist and it looks a little overwhelming on my wrist.  Overall, it is a good watch, especially for the price.After a few months they will start stinking if not worn with socks...Love them!It's a well made handbag. It's really big. It's much larger than I thought it would be.  You could put a Laptop in there any much more.The dress is attractive and comfortable, but poorly made. I bought it as your basic knock-around the house dress, so the fabric's sheerness was not an issue. I do agree with another reviewer that if you snag the smocked top or find loose threads in the seams of the elastic smocked top that you need to cut, it causes the top to continue to unravel with wear. I am finding loose threads on a variety of surfaces.

I bought this dress in both the black and ivory white. The ivory white dress arrived with a small hole in the seam that I had to repair, while the black dress is still continuing to unravel. Not worth the hassle to return.

Sorry, but I DO NOT RECOMMEND this dress!They get the job done for a short period of time. But these are pretty bad. The point is really sharp, and will cause some pain and discomfort unless you never talk or eat. The O rings are a real *beep* to get on, and I found them to be really, really narrow. They got stuck inside my piercing and had to be pushed back out several times. Again, painful. The bars are also a bit short. Now that could just be the angle of my piercing, but that's my experience. Now, I did find that flipping them upside down and snipping that sharp point off worked better as far as comfort goes, but I still wouldn't recommend wearing these for any significant amount of time.disappointedIt has been a couple of years since I previously ordered these.  It is still the best fit for me but the latest incarnation is made with more material, sags a bit or rides higher up on the stomach.  So the fit is not as snug as it used to be.  The older set gave a sharper fit and and more snug feel, like real sport briefs.  I sure hope that this is not the beginning of a trend away from the original cut of this once exellent product.They were right it runs small, but I think it runs 2 sizes to small. I'm a bigger girl in the middle and my butt is small. So I thought this would be great with squats and just overall looks. But I could barely pull it over my mid section. I wear xl shirts so I figured a 2x would work, I was wrong. It would come up a decent ways but it would just roll over. This is for people with flat tummys. I would send it bck but I don't want to deal with the hassle. The plus side with my Amazon Prime I got in like two days!This shoe has no support. The relaxed fit and memory foam insole are much to soft. I normally love Sketchers.It worked fine for two days and then the clip that attaches both halves of the band fell off would not buy againGreat itemThe material isn't the softest. I bought these more as play clothes for summer camp. They are cute and seem to run true to size.Found that even after measuring, it went over my  husband's ear tips and too far down the forehead.  The material & construction is good though.NiceNot sure about the gap between the tie-up on back and the rest of the suit... weird .Great boots for working while standing on concrete, could feel improvement in feet and back after only two daysgrandson loves itI usually wear an 8 but with this shoe, my toes were right at the end so I ended up with 8.5, but they are really a comfortable shoe with good support.Beautiful dress!  My almost three year old loves it!good pants a little heavy/thickThe star is supposed to be sectioned. This is not a star of David, it's a witchcraft symbol. Perfectly fine if that's your thing, but I wouldn't wear it to synagogue.The low quality of this product is a real fraud nothing to do with the product described This an awful peace of useless garbage, a fraud don`t buy anything from these people never!!!It makes you look bigger, I think. It's comfortable and the color is nice. It is really shiny - which may be good or bad depending on whether you like the shining clothes.Pretty bracelet.My left foot fits perfectly. Very comfortable.....the right is a bit snug but do-able. I've only wore them for several hours thus far. Once to the pool at a resort and then a sandy beach lake. I'm pretty happy them. First pair of Toed shoes I have owned and it's not that bad to get use too. I like that  you can adjust the strap across the foot and at the heel. Last test will come in a few weeks when I'm at the Ocean for a week. But overall....not to shabby !!!Your photograph shows a perfect fitting muscle shirt. The lower portion of the armpit opening extends out so large that I could use it for a mainsail on my sailboat !  I've read other reviews which complain of the exact same thing, I chose to order anyway . Product is misrepresented!!this is not a boned corset and just didn't look right on me. These are definitely for someone with a smaller chest.They very comfortable strong and they balance your feet I recommend high to by Amazon good job the best for all day workingI'm a 12/14 and wear a L/XL and the "sleeves" did not fit right and I actually tore them when putting them on.  It was so inexpensive that I just let it go and tossed it out. I found some others on Amazon without the batwings that were a great value and good quality.  I'm giving this 3 stars because it was decent quality and cute, I just think it should be marketed to S/M size women with short arms.not as cute as the picture! there are no snaps to easily change babys pamper.. going to be tough to totally undress her to change her diaper. the whole thing looks like a mopI truly believe this was some sort of knock off not coming from Amazon. Does not look as represented,and was extremly disappointed. The only reason I did not return immediately was,I have been in the hospital on and off four times this year,and had other severe problems to think about. Just bought a brand new guess watch,spending money on two watches is extremly do too my current situation. Do not buy.Too small,I am cautious about buying boots online
Because of 3E width foot. I read the reviews n ordered a size bigger in 2E n took a chance. They're hard as hell to get on n I took out the insole n put my custom one in and after I get em on !! Wow !! I love em. Light and very comfortable
I have keen shoes.i love them tooOk gloves but touch feature did not work at all.Love itWasn't the fabric as described. It says fleece, it's some other flimsy material. I needed something with thick heavy fleece for winter. Returning.Cheaper looking than I thought it would be, but fine.YESSSSS!!!! Small. Compact. Throw in my purse!!! I wear heels to church and sometimes have to stop at the store, I'm not an in and out person. My feet start hurting in Kohl's and I just take my shoes off and walk around in my stockinged feet, the whole time thinking how disgusting the floor is and now I have to wash my feet and stockings. Now I can pull these out and put them on!!
I bought a large. I'm a perfect size 9 and they fit exactly right. So if you are even a tich bigger than a measured nine, go up to xl.
I have a couple of ballerina flats in bags for this purpose but the bags are twice the size and the shoes are like actual folding shoes, I could wear them anywhere for any length of time. These bags are more like 7x5 and fit in your purse. The shoes lighter and probably less durable, but certainly suitable for walking around in a store. Plus I can throw my heels in the shopping cart. I keep my others in the car for more durable pursuitslike outdoors.beautiful purple color the owl is colorful as well love itI like the material, but it came in too big for me and I had to take it in for adjustments. Other than the size issue, its not bad.The are great looking, but there get a lot of holes in them. Even walking in your shoes get holes in them.I LIKE THEM
A LIL TIGHT AT FIRST BUT AFTER WEARING THEM IT LOOSEN UPThe picture and the description doesn't match the item...The handle, the bottom and the wheels are not pink as shown in picture or as described, it is actually gray. We returned and requested another one but once again we got the one with gray handle/wheels/bottom and ultimately we were forced to keep the gray onesee other review on two ringsMake sure whomever you buy this for has small wrists.
Looks to be made for preteen/teen/kid?I had no problem with the product, I am just very disappointed with the company for taking longer than promised to deliver it, and they gave me an innacurate shipping numberLove the fit, but it is extremely hot, I was sweating within minutes of having it on even in my houseLOOKS OK TO WEAR AT HOME BUT ITS VERY VERY LOW QUALITY AND SHOULD BE SOLD AT HALF THE PRICEsays leather but actually synthetic.These are longer than expected. Most average just above the knee and these go to the middle of my knee.Boots fit great and aee comfortable but when I went to try them on the very first time one of the straps on the side snappedlooks nice, but quality so-soThis came much sooner than expected. The color is perfect and the dress is comfortable. I'm five feet three inches tall, I ordered a medium and it is very short, it barely covers my butt, but with leggings it's fine. It is also a little tight, but the material allows for a little stretching and is snug without being uncomfortable. The split part of the skirt looks good in the front, but looks kind of akward in the back. If you have a butt, the split part is kind of forced open rather than sitting flat like in the picture. Overall very good, especially for the price.Doesnt look much like the picture at allbought this for my stepmother directly from the bradford exchange and she loved it. i liked it as well but could not afford one at the time and cannot get one now as no online company ships to uk and uk no longer sells - sold out...
but it is a simply stunning necklace and worth every penny.Love the feel but they do run small. Great product for the price though.buen productotoo heavy , the clip is damaged after 3 use. the stitches are uneven.thickIt's too short, I'm pretty sure it's on purpose so you have to buy the $10 extention that should have been included to begin withThe ankle strap and sandal part was too big . I'm a little upset because I really like the design of the shoeReally like the style, but too many pieces put together, made it only good for home, not going any where with it.Does not fit properly.Just not as comfortable as I'd hoped.I wanted some hiking shoes that would handle the rocks that are on the trails that I hike in my near-desert climate.  These work pretty well for that.  However, I got blisters the first two times that I wore them.  I was fine the third time, when I was wearing thick hiking socks.  I guess the sturdiness on the outside comes with too much on the inside.Fell apart after a month of use.the front fit's well but around the middle is small.Very good quality. Thus far, I have not had any problems with the chain as many others have stated. The inscription is very clear, and the charm is just the right heaviness. I bought one for myself and one as a gift.Had to tighten strap so they didn't slip and the design on top hurts my feet.  Arch support is very good, as expected.  I have another style of vionic sandal that I love and can wear all day, so was a bit disappointed that these were not as wonderful.Did not like style and cargo pockets too low.bIt was adorable.
Great material.
Ordered 5t fits more like 3t
Back of shirt is seethroughIt's a decent shoe for its function--great grip on rocks through waterfalls and great hiking, however out of the water, i would never want to wear this shoe as rocks often find themselves under my arches. Alas, it is useful for its make !I like the product and and the Vendor shipped it promptly with no issues.  The only problem I have with this that's causing me to return it, is that the  sizing is a little peculiar.  The Torso portion is short, meaning that you have a permanent wedgie.  I've tried ordering both a larger size and the "Long" version, but the Torso part is exactly the same length causing the same exact wedgie problem.

I spend a lot of time in a flight suit made by a competitor but I'm not as happy with it because the material is not durable and too thin.  This material is a better fit, I just have to demand the comfort as well.I was very disappointed in the poor quality of the shirt.  The fabric was thin and flimsy and didn't seem like it would hold up in the wash at all.  I wanted to order another T-shirt as my first choice, but they didn't have the XL size that I wanted in stock so I ended up ordering this one in XL.  What a mistake that was.The item was much smaller than I anticipated.  It was to hard to read.  I gave it away.Lovely shirt, fits as expected.These boots are greener than I expected.  They are comfortable and keep my feet dry.  I purchased them to replace a pair of leaky Hunter boots.  Much better deal than Hunters, and so far they've held up better!I am in  with the Nine West austin!!!  I just wish they would introduce some funky colors or designs.He loves it.This storage bag seems sufficient for most uses, other than fancy stuff like dress preservation. I put it around a cloth garment bag, as a second layer of protection against spills, and it worked well. It held up with no problems through 3 airports: through security, various terminals, airport waiting chairs, plane overhead bins, cars, cabs, multiple hotel rooms and more. In general, I wasn't overly careful of it, but neither was I throwing it around like a test dummy. In other words, I'm not saying this is the thickest, strongest garment bag of all time, but it was exactly what I was looking for, and at a reasonable price.

Also, it is indeed wider on the bottom, to allow for dresses with some volume there. When I got it, it smelled pretty heavily of plastic, so I aired it out without anything in it for a few days; you may want to plan on that. It is also pretty opaque, so you shouldn't have too much trouble hiding the contents, though dark items may show color or a silhouette; my dresses were light-colored, so I couldn't say. I also could have fit suits in here just as easily, though I would have had empty space at the bottom.keeps me dryPants are a little tight in the waist but the jacket fits perfect .The cut was nice. The fabric was shiny like polyester not like satin and felt cheap. The color was a greener charcoal, like a steel. It was something my mom would make for my high school prom, when I wanted something I had seen in the store: well sewn seams but nothing I would wear in public.I normally wear a size 8/8.5 and I got the 8.5 to be safe,but it felt like I was squeezing my foot into a size 7 or maybe even smaller. When I finally got the shoe on it didn't even come close to being knee high as stated ( I'm 5"8), the boots were cute but I prefer comfort.pretty cool overallThese boots are OK for the price, very thin material & it bunches up. Good enough for daily errands!Form fitting and a bit sheer in strong sun. But that's not why I've decided to knock a star off.. Instead of it being made from one, solid, cohesive piece of fabric, it's two pieces sewn together at the hip. Because I chose black, it's not as easy to tell while worn, but it's an unfortunate design flaw nonetheless. Overall - I would be afraid to buy again due to the quality control I believe this company is having. Some people seem to get a solid design, while others, like myself, receive less than offered.These are cute and fit well. However, a couple pair are fraying after less than a month. Not quite the quality we're looking for. We have other designs from this brand that have held up well, so maybe this is just a fluke.Awesome shirtLooks very cool and very unique but pretty shoddy quality and it runs really small. Get like... I dunno, maybe 2 sizes bigger than what you normally get? I am 6'2, 180-190 and a large fits my fiancee who is like a woman's medium normally.I haven't bought new Keds in a long time. I was disappointed in the quality of the material and the stitching. I doubt they will last along as my old ones.It's like it was a reject shirt. It's so thin first time I used it I had to use an undershirt so I wouldn't look shirtless.Love it.  Ordered another. Soft fabric.okI actually like this product. it is a little big for my face but was fine for a costume party. for the price it is definitely worth it.Love these, they really do make working 12 hour shifts much more comfortable on your feet and legs. Feels like I have more energy when I wear theseToo small to be called an XL plus size.The other reviewers were correct, these shoes do run large. I normally wear a 7, so I ordered a 6.5 and they fit perfectly. The toe box is comfortable for my wide little Hobbit feet, and I think these will make great work shoes. They are practical and comfortable without being too dowdy. I like the way they look with my work pants. I would also wear them with skirts, if I ever wore skirts.

I have yet to buy a pair of Skechers that wasn't comfortable--these did not disappoint.

*******UPDATE 4/1/2015*****
When I wore these shoes to a client's office a couple of weeks ago, they were great. However, when I wore them into NYC today and had to walk a dozen blocks or so, my feet were killing me. Part of the problem was that I had to wear two pairs of socks just to keep them from falling off my feet. After a full day of walking around the city in them, my feet were killing me--this is probably because I had to walk in a kind of unnatural way just to keep them from slipping off. They're okay if all you're going to be doing is sitting or standing around; not so much if you need to walk, especially at a brisk pace.

Bottom line: I don't think I like this "relaxed fit" business when it comes to shoes. I guess I'm not sure what the point of it is.Good fit, comfortable and easy wash/dry wrinkless. Great product and would recommend . Cannot go wrong with Cherokee products. Thanks.Very cute however one shoe is smaller than the other. I generally wear a size 10 without any problems  ....... No size difference in my feet. I am stretching out the right shoe. Getting a bit better. Hope it works because I love the shoe and the fit of the left foot!!!Wanted this for short trips.  I am a disabled woman, as such I rarely if ever wear slacks or shorts.  Therefore I wanted something that would keep my dresses and skirts looking fresh.  This WallyBag does the trick.  It is long enough even for my longest dresses.  The extra features so I can stow shoes and accessories are handy as well.  It folds smoothly and easily.  I appreciate the waterproof feature as I live in the southern U.S.  A good sturdy bag all round.  However I can't see it working well for plane travel.  I do all my travel by van or train.  This is a extra large bag.  Do not expect to be able to use it as carry on luggage.  Also you will want to purchase something to hang it from a door back if that is your preference.  I was able to fit three dresses and two separates outfits in it without having to iron them upon arrival.Love these. my son has worn them since 4 months and fit better now at 6 months! he will be able to wear them for a couple more months.I am actually going to return it.  It is much too heavy for Southern California.Not for big wide heads.I decided to order this windbreaker after I read one review that mentioned that glossy upper part of this jacket isn't that shiny in reality. I agree that Jacket doesn't look terribly shiny as picture leads to imagine.
Pro: Jacket is true to size and has comfortable length. Very light and doesnt take much space to carry around.
One uncomfortable feature, to me, is that with the hood on and fully zipped up the front, the collar is not tight, standing out quite far from the neck. Tightening hood strings helps some, but not as good as in other jackets. Not very pleasant on windy days. In the photo it was difficult to see this specifically designed feature of this collar. Also this jacket doesn't have a chin guard. While this comfortable feature is quite common for men's jackets for some unknown reason I rarely can find a chin guard on women's jackets.Love the fit, they kept their color after several washes and they're comfortable.This dress fits small in the bust.  It is beautiful at first glance but then I noticed some of the beading was loose and hanging.  Upon closer examination I am not pleased with the quality at atlToo small to wear for running! I always get a size larger than street shoes and it's still too small. It's visibly about an inch shorter than another pair of 9s I own. Very disappointing.Meduim as expectedGreat ring for a great price!! I bought it and my wife immediately commented on how classy my right looked. Very durable and great fit. It does fit as advertised on the size.  Also, I like the matte finish on the ring because it doesn't show any scratches or dings or anything like that. Love it!!A little smaller than expect and the material is thinner than most hats, it's a good hat but you can tell it's cheaper quality.Nice headband, the materian was a little thinI really wanted to like these! They are a good brand, I wanted something camo-colored. But no support, way too narrow, and just awkward over all fit. Too bad because I did really like them.Our daughter is 11 months old and a very active walker. These shoes are great. I love the tab on the back and the laces make them easy to put on and stay on. We have some velcro shoes that cost 4x as much as these and a pair of little boots, and I prefer these shoes over any other right now.I liked the pants a lot, but I'm 5'3" and they were too long so I had to return them. I wish they came with in a short size.A great product. If your looking to buy yourself a hat that doesn't fit an you give it to a homeless guy to hear him complain about how it also to small for his head.Comfortable and cute!I love this dress!  I'm a little busty in this but it makes me look sooooo thin!Was ok.  Just hard to order online sometimes. too small for me in my regular size.I'll start with something positive - the fabric of these pants is great.  Nice knit, lightweight and comfortable. They also fit true to size. However, the photo is deceiving because these pants are WIDE.  Like clown-pants wide!  On the Petite XL size, each leg of the pants measures 22" at the bottom which is huge.  Not to mention that a Petite pant so wide at the bottom of the leg makes most people look shorter and (dare I say) more dumpy.  I'm 4'11" tall and they are a couple of inches too long as well, but since Petite is generally up to a 5'4" person that's my issue only (just noting here in case it helps someone else who is very short too!).  I'm still trying to decide whether to keep the pants and alter them (because navy yoga pants are almost impossible to find) or just send them back and call it a day, because I definitely would not wear them as they are.get your 70's onI was pressed for time in ordering this gift to take a picture for daddy. It was big as I was looking for more of a toddler size 3.The button for the light is big & bulky, uncomfortable for my son to wear.This jacket is super cute and fit great through the body, but the arms are very long. I will keep the item because I can roll up the sleeves and it still looks very cute. It's very nice, heavy weight fleece that is very warm and will be perfect for winter.I love these polarized sunglasses. Bonus they come with a hard case, soft sleeve case, cleaning cloth and the best surprise is a tiny screwdriver that can be hooked onto your keys so you never not have them on you.This is a cute and sturdy backpack.  My daughter loves it!This morphsuit that was supposed to glow, didn't really glow hardly at all.  My son was very disappointed.  I fit fine, but was a total waste when it came to the actual glowing.  We got one of the adult versions of this, and it glowed very well.  Not sure what the difference in material is for the kids suit, but you could tell it was made of something different.Love my boot shoes. Have many vionic sandals. All fit as glove. Have not had a siatic attack sivnce wearing bionics.One of the pictures on the back pack was upside down. We didn't have time to go get a new one before school. It would have been a good deal. Brandon loved it anyway.Cheaply made. Very upset by the product. Shoes were constructed with cardboard-like substance. Size was small and returning would cost me more than what I paid for shoes. Terrible product!!!! I'm giving one star because I have to but they'd receive zeroviene numeros pequeoI'm 5'2 130 lbs and ordered a large because of my legs and it wouldn't even go up my thighs and it's completely see throughMy nephew is at the top of the size chart for this jacket.  Normally, this size fits with room to grow.  He won't be wearing this past this year.  Too bad it didn't come in a largetr size.  I would have purchased it and he would have gotten more wear out of it.  Still, he likes it (and he looks too cute in it with the boots and umbrella I bought to match).definitely runs small. I had to return them. I am a size 10 and I ordered a 10, couldn't even fit my feet in themI'm giving this a 3 star review but then I need to explain. I bought this shoe before in a different color. I have plantar fasciitis so I bought this based on reviews when people said it had great arch & heel support. As far as the support and the comfort, this is an awesome shoe! BUT this is why I cannot give this review a 5. After 6-7 weeks, my big toes on each shoe started to wear through the top soft material. It made  holes  shortly after that. I don't think  these shoes should do this. So I ordered another pair and this pair is doing the same thing after 8 weeks of normal wear. For this price, these shoes need to be more durable.Hurt my back.Caused my son alot of foot pain to wear he dislocated his foot:(I don't like thecolor but i get for the price that's the best u can get. The good thin is get here in time.I have to break them in fully before I can give any feedback worth noting but for now I am satisfied with my purchaseNice and comfortableComfortableVery good product. Just be sure to wear a cap or use a support, because it's freakin' large.Belly part was comfy, but WAY too tight at the thigh/crotch junction. My legs started falling asleep, then the damn things ripped along the crotch seam and left me with a rash on my inner thigh  (outfit required tights, could not take them off).

Delivery was slow. Didn't come in time for my event.Mine came unfinished! One of the straps aren't seen onto its little metal connector so I can't wear it at all. I have zero sewing skills and the top won't stay up without the strap. That alone is why I'm giving 1 start. I needed this suit for this weekend and now I'll have to go find another one. Also the color is HORRIBLE. The photo shows a more salmon orange and navy blue. The description does say the shades might be off but the description below the item calls it pink even. Mine is Halloween orange and BLACK. The top is not navy at all.Good.Very cute!  Love that it's a 2-piece, as I have a long torso, but is high-waisted to cover my "mom belly" - I got another vintage suit just like this one and received many compliments.  :-)  It accentuates my curves.  Great value too.It isn't what I expected.  The straps are a little uncomfortableWAS RETURNEDI returned them !Not wht was expecting.. disappointed.Fits well.  The bottoms are little slippery on the floor though which is weird for athletic shoes.  Will have to try them out some more to see if they help with reducing the impact on my shins and calves when exercising.Stiff and uncomfortable. Would not buy again.The waist fit comfortably for the most part.  I am short waisted with medium lenght legs and no hips (5"5').  Either I have to pull these shorts up over my navel  so that they don't look ridiculously long however, in doing so, I run the risk of pulling them up too far that they actually ride up my backside if you know what I mean; yes, like I am almost wearing a wedgie! They are more comfortable higher up on my short waist.  Also, these shorts are made for curvy girls...girls with hips and a butt.  I have neither!!  I have more than enough around the middle though.  So, as a result, I have pockets of extra material that stick out on either side of my hips.  These are not for "Apple" shaped bodies.  I'll keep looking.When you see the 511 brand, you are immersed in to how great a product it is and how much they care about creating clothing that will perfrom for those that have extra needs. After much shopping, it seemed 511 had the line on tactical pants. Here I am, 45 days in to a deployment and my pants are falling apart. The stiching is coming apart on the pockets and I've already lost an interior button. Want to know what the kicker is? I usually sit at a desk, carry a gun and sometimes have to travel and do some rough and tough stuff. So, for the most part, these pants are falling apart while I sit at my desk here in a war zone, hate to see if I was out on patrol or actually doing regular missions. Sorry 511, but you missed the mark on this one, it seems you're getting cheap with your manufacturing...Love them.... Very comfortableIt's not as light lavender as I thought it was going to be but not bad for the price for a one time wear bow tie.Very durable pants, pockets are a bit small but big enough for a iPhone or droid maxx. Color wears well.Good hat.  Nice quality.  A little big for a youth.Too small for me.I am a medium and I ordered an x-large because some comments said it ran small, and it still is way to tight. Suggest 4 sizes bigger.Very unhappy with this ring. I know the price was really cheap but it wasn't even worth that. Poor quality. Nothing like the picture. Can't wait to get my refund.Fits perfectI think these are super cute!  I bought them for work.  But 4" is just too high.  If they were 3" they would be perfect!  But walking to and from the subway pluse just walking around the office is WAY to much for such high heels. So sad, because they are SUPER cute.I've had these about 2 months now. After my last pair of Ecco's I am a bit skeptical of spending this kind of money on this style of "work boot".

I do like the fact that  shoe string loops are all a stitched canvas ( I believe) instead of steel or hard plastic, hoping that it will allow the strings to last longer.

One thing I have noticed is that the rubber soles have already started to peel of a bit. This is only the grey part and not the main body of the sole. BUT, this is where I had issues with the ECCO's. I do construction and am on my feet all day. One day it may be in a house, the next day in gravel so my shoes see hard use.

Another item to note is that I have noticed that the rubber on the toe has started to peel off a bit. I understand that it can be the work I do that causes this, but would expect that this would not happen within the first 2 months of use.

Like I said, I do construction and I know that I am hard on footwear. I do like the fit of these and if this is as bad as they get, then I will likely buy again. Regardless of how they hold up, I'll update this again later.

Hope this helps.

As of 10-12-2013 I need to update my review on these. In 5 months of wear I now have a hole in the right side of the right shoe by my little toe. I do not have wide feet, in fact most of my life I have worn a 'B' width shoe. The 2 piece sole of the shoes do not seem to stand up well to work, even though they are listed as work shoes. I had high hopes of these being a great work shoe, I know they have great reviews for people who hike, maybe that's isn't as hard on a boot as I thought it might have been.

Oh, and the other issues listed above have only become worse.  Keen is not a "work boot" that I would suggest to anyone!

I will say that Amazon Customer Service was EXCEPTIONAL on these, issuing me a full refund. Once again my hat goes off to Amazon and their Customer Service!my mother in law wears it as an under shirt with a lightweight open jacket over it.... she loves it :)shirt is awesome wish it had softer material but at least it doesn't shrink upwards into a mini shirt.My grandson and his mom loved this,  The colors are great!Nice feel to socks, However; I have a very narrow foot and these were too tight.Comfy, surprised to find that a narrow fit so well as I have a regular width foot, only trouble with these is keeping the footbed from smelling after extended use.  Regular cleaning keeps that at bay.Fits as expected, but the leather is not as comfortable as the the traditional teva shoe.This was perfect holding all of my cards. The only issue I had with it is that part of the inside started to come apart....but I just super-glued it back in place and it was fine. Other than that its cool.Product delivered not same as photo, varies colors in some accesories, also has the traditional Jansport logo instead of the one shown in picture, would not buy againWhen you buy cleats, you expect the studs to come with them... Not in this caseThe bra does give good support, but that's all it's got going for it. The shape is weird, more like the 1950s. The band is way too tight, even with an extender, and I ordered larger based on reviews. Most disappointingly, the underwire had broken through after wearing it maybe a dozen times and washing it twice (air dried). Finally, the lace is kind of old lady-ish. I don't think it looks much like the pictures; it is full coverage without the pictured plunge.I got this for the price compared to other long sleeved rash guards. I think I know why it's less expensive- the sleeves after 2 wears and 1 wash are fuzzy, the fabric is not going to last long at this rate. On the plus side kids grow quick so hopefully we get to use this until the next size up but it won't be a hand me down.Wore these shoes out of the box and they rubbed five blisters on each of my feet, including the sole of my feet. I could not walk the night after I wore them. Fine for minimal walking and lots of sitting, but if you are going to be on your feet, I would NOT recommend them.Good thick material, ran a little large.Came completely bent so that when on one side sits higher on the face then the other. Plus the was pieces barely open at all, not even a child's head would fit. And when you open them wider they became loose and now just dangle. Hard to explain but they are crap!One of my favorite shirtsThe reason I cannot give this shoe the full 5 stars is because the right shoe was not glued nicely. There are globs of glue coming over the side and the heel insole is not glued good. For the rest it is a nice shoe to look at and very comfortable for the height.I am very Disappointed. The product does not look anything like the picture.. Very disappointed.

I would never by again.cut, style and color were awesome. I am typically an L-XL (12-14) and I ordered them in a 2XL. They did not even go over my thighs! Sad, these were cute but really ran small. They shipped from China and I have bought clothes before online that are not sized for U.S.The real problem with this time turner is that nothing happens when I try to use it. I think for $50 I should be able to go back in time at least 5 min. Other than that, Super cool!Cute very classy looking. I enjoy wearing it with diamond stud earrings. Looks great with low cut items or with a longer necklace with it.My daughter kept telling me that she thought I would love these shoes. So I decided to try them. They are a beautiful shoe. The silver is kind of muted so it blends well with everything and isn't too glittery but I just did not like the way they fit. They were rather uncomfortable and for the price I sent them back. They were true to size.Incredibly warm but 2-3 sizes larger than ordered. They fit only right after washing.If you're under the impression this is the same one as the Montana Silver Smith buckle, it's not. Do yourself a favor and save up for the real one. This one was marked with "Made in China" on the back. MSS is not a Chinese product.I needed a bra for a sheer lace formal gown. Too overly structured for me. I went with a Glamorise womens multi way adjustable demi bra instead. Way more comfy and got the job done.Just a tad too big, even when adjusted.  I must gave a small headVery attractive watch with lots of useful features; however to get all those features in the watch, it's pretty large- very close in size to a man's watch. If you are petite or have small hands it's somewhat awkward. For this reason I don't wear it as much as I would have liked.Need to return. Thank youJust what I was looking for. Love it for now. I wear my chains all day so Ill will update to see how its holding up.These shoes are exactly what I wanted, are snug, but not very much, which is what bowling shoes are supposed to be.I've bought cheap costume corsets and professionally made, fully boned corsets and this is probably the worst corset I've ever bought. Some of this is due to body shape. I'm very busty but small everywhere else, and the sizes that fit my waist and rib cage were too small to fit my bust. Also, the combination of a steel busk with extremely bendy plastic boning made for strange bumps in the front. The boning would bend under my boobs, digging into my ribs, while the busk would stay rigid, sticking out.

If you're busty, this corset will likely not fit well as the plastic boning can't support any kind of weight and will bend out of shape. I've bought corsets for less than this one that had better quality boning.It was MUCH shorter in the front than it appears in the pictures. I am only 5'4" tall and short waisted and it still barely reached my waist. I was tugging it down the whole night.I bought this shoe in suede and it is my all time favorite, so I bought this in black and brown leather version.  I expected some degree of light pile insulation and for the leather to be similar in 'amazing' comfort like the suede, but it is not.  I like them, they fit as expected, but I would also look for the suede version.I like these shoes, fit perfectly, comfortable. I am giving 4 stars only for now given that I have been using them for about 2 weeks only, will give it 5 starts in the next few months if it meets expectationsLove the shoes, but they are ginormous! My 4 year old wears 10.5-11 in all other shoes and I ordered an 11 in these and it will be a while before we can wear them =( I probably need to order a 9 or 10. I don't remember previous Converse we have owned being so big.Didn't like themI'm a senior returning to excercise and need a sports bra that will support my 36-C through a brisk walk or at the gym.  This is a comfortable bra, but does not offer the good support I am needing.  Perhaps for smaller sizes and less years of gravity.Runs big.ordered in longer size than I usually wear which is 7 or 7.5.  I ordered 8 based on other reviews I read; I also ordered extra wide.  It was marked so, but the shoe is narrower and I felt it was sized the way some clothing is that is manufactured in oriental countries - much smaller than we mean even though they mark it for the US size (per label).  Disappointed as they looked okay.  The color is not blue but more of a medium blue/grey.

I should have listened better to the reviews about how the KEDS are changing.The top part of this is really pretty but I'm 5'7" (pretty average height) and this hits at or above the waist before washing. In the picture it's all cute and long like it will cover your butt but it fits more like a normal shirt unless you're short. I'm a medium but ordered large to try to get that longer look and it was just wider not longer.great for kids!!!Although I do like the ring I got, it did not look anything like this picture at all. It is totally different then the picture they are advertising. It's still sterling silver with turquoise but it does not have the cute little side detail and the turquoise is more of a polished look then the rough looking pic.Absolutely loved, loved, loved these shoes...I am on the go all the time, so I couldn't have asked for a better shoe for comfort!!!Wallet itself is built well and has held up over time, no holes, visible wearing, stitches are done well. The plastic sleeve inserts are unfortunately tearing and falling apart. I can buy more plastic sleeve inserts for the wallet so that isn't terrible.The men's St Benedict rosary far exceeded my expectations. It is really beautifulVery pretty but kept getting caught on my clothes. Had to change the screw on roses to smaller balls. Makes a world of a difference.If you have high arches don't plan on getting your foot past the halfway mark.I really like the socks. My only objection is that I did not receive the colors shown when ordering.Runs small and the thin material shows everythingCute shoe but the "wide calf" size is NOT accurate... disappointed.Ummmm not at all what I thought I was ordering. Not cotton. Not southern couture but a horrible knock off. Took forever to get and it is small enough to fit my 7 year old. What in the world?!! I'm not happyVery cute. I love the pairs that I can actually wear. One of the pairs I got were very tight and didn't have as much stretch to them as the other ones did and also arrived with a hole where they're stitched together but could be fix. Lost a star for that though because I shouldn't have to fix something that I paid for before I even get to wear it!Not happy with the quality of the material this is made of.  Snags and pillsSUPER comfy, great price point, but not very durable.  The black ones developed holes in the crotch within two hours of wear.  :(  Still would recommend for the price.

I'm 5'6", 165lbs, and these fit me comfortably with room to spare.not well made, see through.It was a great product but the size was not right for med.Too hard to break in.  Trust me, your feet will hurt for a few weeks.Good fit and packaging!(:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LY4MH4R/ref=ya_aw_od_pi?ie=UTF8&psc=1
^
This was my first purchase of a maternity bra & also a great price.

The reason I gave it 3 stars was that they charged me twice for this item and I received 4 bras instead of 2. At the end of the day it was okay because I'm going to need it anyways.Customers warned of the strap fitting way tighter and they were right. My mom put extra Velcro on the open area and I was able to use them afterall. They worked pretty great too. Very comfy for walking around Italy for a day!I'm returning these for the next size.The size was small and looked cheap. In the process of returning them.Excellent seller, product arrived without any problem, it is very good quality and price, I recommendMaybe its this type of shoe but a crease was in the shoe after one wearBuy a size larger than what you actually wear, its fabulous!!!I have big calves so they are a little tight just under the knee.Clarks Desert Boots were my fav back in my high school days, and these look exactly as I remember, they do look great with jeans and casual wear. The soles are stiff though-they seem much thicker than I remember and have little give to them.  I am slowly breaking them in, started out with an hour a day and two weeks later I'm about at 2 hours.  They are not painful to wear longer but they are not comfortable either. If I knew the amount of work it would be I would not buy them and I don't think they will ever be a "all day shoe"These shirts run WAY TOO SMALL! After ordering a size 10 for my soon to be 5th grade daughter (who wears a size 10 in every other item of clothing) i was disapointed to discover that this shirt would fit a 2nd grader! Since i refuse to purchase her uniform shirts at the uniform shop (way over priced there) i opted to purchase this shirt in a size 14 to fit my soon to be 5th grade daughter and knowing that these shirts run super small, i bought my 4 year old, soon to be kindergartenera size 7 (she wears a size 4 in clothing). The size 7 fits her perfect. I should have bought her an 8.looks nice but fits not all that great, you get what you pay for.Surprisingly comfortable and it really helps the posture unfortunately  however it is not flattering worn under anything that is at all fittedthe strap is too short for my likingI got this watch as a Christmas present and loved it. That is while it lasted. After a week of having it I dropped it while taking it off and the back of it popped off. The back is incredibly hard to put back on and the video I saw said put it in a vice or put a cap on the back and stand on it. I tried to stand on it with all my weight and the back still wouldn't go on. All I managed to do was break off the adjustment knob leaving my watch useless. Very disappointed with the construction and design flaw. It's a good looking watch but don't expect it to last.Looks too wide. Im hoping it shrinks.I wear sandals all the time.  I've bought similar styles from clarks, ecco, and others.

This shoe, when new, was the most comfortable on the sole of my foot, but the padding has torn and worn out in less than a year.  All the other sandals I've bought, while beat up, still are comfortable.  The Dr. Scholl's  tearing and pealing foot pad has become unwearable.

I replaced the others because they started to look old.  While these still look good, I am replacing them because the foot pad has deteriorated.These make great summer socks~~But not for cold weatherCould not get the lock to set.  Very aggravating.  Spent a lot of time on it for nothing.  I do not recommend this productAttractive and comfortable pantsThey are beautiful, however they both run very large. Unfortunately, they will be going back.I am a small- ordered a small.
The top fits perfect, but since you can't order separate pieces the bottoms it came with are way to tight....
Colors are great and looks as shown.Not Cotton, Not silkscreen. Cheap shiny synthetic fabric that reminds me of whatever they make Halloween costumes out of. false advertising.I received this watch in the mail and it was an adult size.  It was printed in a foreign language.  This is not what I ordered.  When I tried to return it the seller will not reply.  Now I am stuck with junk I don't need and had to buy my son another watch that would actually fit his wrist.I'm 5'3" 120lbs and bought a small. Fit perfectly. My husband loved it. Taking 2 stars off for the horrible belt. I'll likely either replace it or repaint it. The belt looks as if 3 year old painted it.The clicker works great. It doesn't slip open too easily. It's dainty and cute. Not gigantic at all.Becareful on sizes... but other than that...I love it.The fabric quality is nice, and I really appreciate a smaller logo on the back without any big lettering covering the pattern. The cut is slightly awkward, however, and the shirt keeps sliding forward, making it a bit uncomfortable, with a constant need to adjust it. I am 42" in the chest, and my regular size is medium. I expected this to fit larger, so I went with a small, and it is still a bit large.Bought these for my daddy.  He really likes them.  The material is a nice quality.  They are very soft and I will definitely buy him more!I have skinny legs so they're a little loose in the calf area. I'm 5'3" so the top part hits the back of my knee. Also, they're not that comfortable so I wear them with insoles. I make due because they're cute boots and the tan color is gorgeous.My daughter was excited for the pool to re-open at the end of March and wear her new suit. She loved how it reversed and was like owning two suits. Unfortunately, the snap that holds the halter top broke the second time she went swimming, which was past the window to return it.Nice hat but don't order taupe. IT'S GREEN.  I'm keeping it. I hate to return.this was a piece of crap! It tore as soon as I put it on - seemed to made out of paper. Live and learn when something is cheap - it is cheapbeautiful shoes but I bought a size 44 but the shoes are too small to measure written does not correspond to reality '(corresponding to a size 42) and I do not' can return them back from herejust as advertisedBeautiful dress but i had to return. The color was not as described it was a very dark Forrest green.Arms a little balloonySo many compliments on this watch.After owning this piece for  less than 6 months, the clasp has already broken.  Wouldn't recommend this item.  I'm very disappointed with this purchase.Fit as shown on the loose side, but I didn't think it was flattering if you're a curvy girl.Comfortable. Fit as expected. Great purchaseSometimes the zipper gets stuck, but its great when working.Way too small. Looks like a nice sandal, however, I am very disappointed.All I received was an umbrella COVER.Nice, but the elastic band is a bit tacky.Not a big fan. They were tight on me but I wasn't really sure how juniors sizing would fit. They seemed too baggy in the legs to really be true leggings.Maybe I didn't read enough about it but I didn't know the shirt wasn't cotton. I got it as a gift for someone, we like the design but not the fit or material.Elastic band in the waist folds over and the pants become too uncomfortable.  These are really cheap and unflattering on as well.Very lovely!  Perfect length (hangs to chest) perfect for a low cut or v neck top.These socks do the job, but I can definitely see my toes. Wish the fabric was thicker. Its like when you take leggings and stretch it out, you can see through, but only noticeable if you look. Other than that, they're great otherwise. This doesnt bother me too much, but others might be bothered.I was disappointed in the appearance.  On line, it said it was gold plated.  But, nothing came with the product to verify that.  It is doubtful I would purchase a Kenneth Cole product again.I'm 5' 1" tall and it comes to my ankles.  I'm a medium, ordered a medium and it fits great.Runs largeMy nephew loved the way it fit, but the designed started to peel and shrink after washing and drying.  I would recommend washing it on gentle, then hang dry it to make the shirt last longer.These are only okay, they do not fit perfectly and sometimes my son's toes come out from under the top strap.  Plus they are not as easy to adjust the velcro as you'd expect.I'm sorry.  I hate it when people post reviews for items they haven't purchased, but COME ON.  Marking the price at just under eight hundred bucks, just so you can mark it down a ton for black friday sales is not honest.  A quick search on google shows the most this watch goes for is around a hundred.

Give me a break.ehThis ring is absolutely beautiful. The quality is top notch and it looks like its worth much more than $39.99. True to size. I would recommend this ring to anyone who wants to wear it right along side of their real diamonds.

**Edited to say, this ring was a mistake. Its beautiful and that cannot be denied. However, its beautiful for about 3mo. of normal wear. I loved it so much that I bought it 2x's thinking the problem was my fault. The yellow gold plating disappears. I figured maybe I am wearing it too much or washing my hands with it on and shouldn't be etc. Well I came back for a second ring and this one I was much more careful with and had the same problem, the gold is rubbing off. Of course it was too late both times to get my money back and Double Accent doesn't even get back to you when you contact them. Save you money and look for something more wearable.best quality for my money. If you need extra wide shoes New Balance is what you need (my son is very happy with those shoes).Way too small. Bottoms fit really odd. I was so saddened and disappointed. Size is about 2 sizes smaller than actual size. If you are a 10 get a 14The shose to smallA bit small. Feels like sandpaper. These are NOT undershirts and certainly not XL. Don't know where they found these but maybe the reject bin?

UPDATE: 5 washes later, STILL scratchy and stiff. Using softener too!  Better luck at Walmart.  Never buying this online again.:( Very unhappy with these!I bought several different colors.  The shirts are different and vary by color.  Some are great, others are not.Excelent for my wife, she is so happy.I have big calves. How do they fit in the calf?Suit was great but was too small.  I used the measurements that they suggested and it doesn't fit.A little narrow, didn't fair exceptionally well in the wash, but cute T over all.The boots look great on the website but, not so good when you receive it. Poor return policy too. Donated them to GoodwillAlthough it's measurements seemed to allow me to put my iPad in, the way the handle hooked on decreased the opening and didn't allow iPad in.I purchased these slip ons because my other Skecher purchases have been pleasing experiences. Somehow, these shoes just don't fit as well and don't seem to hold up well. I expected a little "classier" look than the rough hewn leather shoes that arrived. For casual wear they are fine, but I would not wear them to an informal social function. They work great as "kickabouts" in the barn and yard, though, and around the house.Great watch at a great price, nice large dial, easily read under all conditions.they are cute but very very VERY narrow.One bra was larger than the other two.  With that said I don't know which is the size I ordered.  The bras seem well made for the price although fabric come out of the pockets of all of the bras...it seems to have been for encasing the pads but was not sewn on so they all came out when washed.Watch is massive in comparison to the photos.beautiful, just as shown.  Feels so soft and the colors are great.  Two looks from one shawl.Fit in the bust, way short even for someone with a short torso, drove me nuts all night at work. I will have to find another one.I'm the wife on this account. Bought these for summer and love them. I had a black pair in college and expected that there would be some mild discomfort after hours of wear but was surprised to find that these were actually more comfortable than I remember. They're classic, go with nearly everything and are just a great solid basic to have in your closet. As a side note: Converse and Keds are great for narrow feet. Superga shoes are great if you have wide feet.Received the set of 600 chips. Right away when I opened it, I could tell the chips were super dirty. Upon examining them more, they were not on dirty, but tons of malfunctions. Lots of the chips were scratched, with pieces of the clay peeling off. I then noticed, the two sets of $10 chips, were different colors. They are both different shades of blue, with the labels also being different colors. The rest of the chips are the same color except the $10...and I have heard this same complaint from others.

After contacting them about this, the company offered me a 50% discount. So naturally I kept the chips, which is why this gets two stars.

Nice heavy chips, but way to many problems for me to buy again.Very cute pendant.  Unfortunately, before my daughter could even wear it, the chain broke.  And it broke in a way that can't be repaired without taking it to a jeweler.  For all of that, I will probably just buy her a new, sturdier chain for it.  A little disappointing considering that it was a birthday gift and she was not able to wear it.beautiful design, however, very small.  I normally wear a small or medium (size 2-4) and this is TIGHT.Had to get boning addedThe shoe was great, but after normal wear and tear it was losing some adhesion and was starting to deteriorate.... Not very happy at all.Love this necklace. Simple and not too overdone. Pairs well with an open collared shirt. Reasonably priced.Size was different than what was ordered, and what was on package.  It just barely fit so we kept it.  Poor quality, interfacing puckering in collar before even washing it.Maidenform's bra was labeled the correct size, but when my wife compared them to another bra that they sent her you could see that it was an inch and a half shorter in length, and the cup size was smaller too so it did not fit.  They said over the phone they could do an exchange, then when we paid $10 to ship it to them they said 5 weeks later that they do not do exchanges.  They have no consistency in their bra sizes, and they have terrible customer service support.I purchased this 4-piece set for myself and a 2-piece set for my friend.  the strap on her tote back was broken when i recieved it.  I requested a replacement and was told that I'd have to ship the set back and then order a new set.  That is not good customer service.  Shipping me a strap is far easier and cheaper for all.

While I was packing for my trip to Florida last week, I discovered an issue with the set I bought for myself.  The middle-size suitcase had a broken strap on the top of the suitcase.  It could not be picked up from that strap at all, but could be picked up by the handle on the side, but that very frustrating.  when you're rolling it and just need to pick it up to load it or set it on the scale, you can't use that handles on the top.  I took it on the trip anyway because it was the size I needed for this trip.  The largest suitcase was too large and weighed more, I was limited to 40 lbs total.  it was frustrating and the airline made me sign something stating it was broken when I gave it to them.  I won't bother contacting customer service because I'm certain I'll get the same response.... ship back the entire set and order a new one.  It's not worth it.  I'll just use what I can out of the set.  I feel even the other pieces aren't that sturdy, it won't last long!  I WILL NOT ORDER THIS LUGGAGE AGAIN.Every time I order pants from Lee I get sent 10 tall and every one fits differently even tho they are (alledgedly) the same pant style and size.  I have kept 1 for every 5 I have ordered.  No more.Love this dress however it was too big, i had to tie ribbon around the straps to tighten it enough so her chest wouldn't show. My daughter is an average 9 year old and i bought a size 8 dress.I was disappointed with this purchase. The sweater looks and feels cheap. I also feel it will not wear well.Very nice, warm boots.  They are very soft on the inside and soft fur is all the way down around the toes.  I tried on my daughters and ended up buying a pair for myself.The zipper for the main compartment became stuck deep within the wallet.  When I tried to fish it out, the zipper became unhinged, holding my credit cards hostage until I cut the wallet apart.  I would consider the ability of the zipper to travel this deep into the wallet a fault of design and would not recommend.  You may have a different experience, though this is faulty design work.Love itBased on reviews, I purchased a size 8 for my 7 year old daughter who wears a size 8.  The dress will not zip, which I didn't realize until after the 30-day return policy (which I was unaware of until it was too late).  The company denied my return and I am now out $40 bucks with no first communion dress for May.

Edited to add that the company does not respond to emails either.  I had to go through Amazon to be denied a return.I liked the timely manner the bracelet came in. I was not happy with the thickness of the bracelet. Does not seem to be sized shown.As if FitFlop doesn't have enough rave reviews....

FitFlop shoes are really comfortable but I question the part about toning your legs. I just don't feel it nor see any change - o wells.
But with that aside - When I used to wear the generic flip flops around the city, my ankles/knees would hurt and keep me awake that night. However, these FitFlops have made those painful nights sleeping go away.
This is one of the few pairs of sandals that I've splurged on and didn't regret it. The comfort and also stylish look makes up for the price.
When this one wears out, I'm definitely coming back for another color.

About the sizing, I picked a 5 that I wear for all my shoes and it fit perfectly. I also went to a retailer and tried it on in person before getting it with Amazon's cheaper deal.V big. So so only.The beard was very poorly painted, but I like it anyway. It will make for a fun mask. Atypical of the "Guy Fawkes" mask.Was super excited about this dress but disappointed to find it was very frumpy :((Not quite what I expected. Not made of great materials, flat color, a bit small and very painful to wear. I was disappointed.I wanted to love this dress but it was way too tight under my arms. Had to return it.This top looks different when you put it on. I wear a small and when I put it on the sleeves are so
wide I look like a football player. I think this one will be going back.Ioved my earrings I  got so many complaints but, I only had them on for 30mins and after that they started to die!!!!! I was sooo mad!!! Not the sellers fault maybe it was a dud... but other than that the lights were awesome.Ok product.Like the shoe fits fine not as much cushion in foot bed as I need being on my feet long hours a day and much walkingI ordered one size to big and it was still to small for me.  Returned it.Got this ring for my girlfriend she was very excited at the design she wore it around the house last night and after 4 hours of wearing it her finger turned green! So disappointed with this purchase buyers beware!Bought these and when I received them they were a wee bit too small so to make them more comfortable I was going to return these and get a bigger size only to find out that it would cost me $100 more.... Very disappointed at that.. Kept them and I will see if by wearing them I can get used to them.this was not white, more of a beige to a dirty white. was disappointedCut into my armpits, not very flattering.Nice and warm just a Lil to bigI thought the dress was cute but the sleeves were too tight and the scoop was too deep. So I emailed them and they had me return it and gave me a full refund.The front of this blazer just doesn't have enough fabric to look elegant on. The sleeves are also pretty tight, causing see through areas around the bicep and elbow. It ended up in my donations box after a couple of months of purposely pushing it back in the closet. Hopefully someone can use it. I am 5'5" with a 38" bust, 30" waist and 38" hips.Great quality shoes.  Love!I look for style and support from my dance shoes. Nice style but lacks the support needed on the dance floor!Runs a but small, I normally wear a 10/M 36B. So I bought a M. It fit for what I needed it (Dapper day), but I definitely recommend buying a size up, specially if you have bigger bust.I really wanted to love these shoes. In a way, I do because I wear them nearly every day. They are comfortable, have a unique look, and match my style. I've owned other OTBT shoes and know they can take a beating. On the downside, the design is lacking. First, the print, the main selling point, varies from shoe to shoe. My right shoe has a good mix of colors and design while the left shoe is mostly gray. Really disappointing. Also, the velcro flap really doesn't add much functionality to the shoe.I think ASICS put more into making them look cool than put into engineering a good shoe. My previous ASICS shoes were way better, these feel more like newbalance shoes with the ASICS price tag.These a very comfortable pull-on jeans. If between sizes, size down. Also, they are loose around the ankles and calves.Kamaro New Body Shaper give great support. Even after many washes it still has a good strong support going on. I will buy these from now on. They are made high enough in the back to hide all back fat.  No More spanx again foe me, because after a couple of washes you lose all support.
  Kamaro shaper are GREAT!It looks very cute, very warm, nice material. Somewhat oversized but no problem. stitching could be more accurate here and there but great value!It is too long, for medium, just  so longish. Not so great.The fabric is the kind that is clingy.Was looking for something simple and understated. Has good quality, lots of places to store cards and is very masculine. Just what I was looking for.will order moregreat style, fit and comfort, can't ask much more for a boot.I received a ring. When I order a Necklace!!! Now I won't have my order by Mothers DayCame in and felt a size too small. Cant imagine how small its gonna be once I wash it. The design was good though, as far as that goes.Material and fitBeautiful!I followed the companies size conversion chart. It was not even close. Too long, too wide. I do not believe you can order crocs on line. They need to be tried on. They are made in different countres and the sizes are not comparable.These run much larger than expected, and I will need to alter it to get it too fit me well.I am short and my problem is the stockings are normally too long for me. These fit perfectly! I will re-order.They were supposed to be "wide" but they were actually narrower than my previous Merrel's.
I had to return them because they were too tight.These boots are very light and comfortable. I advise anyone purchasing a pair to order 1/2 size smaller. Please note, I normally wear D-medium shoes but there was any available at the time so I decided to experiment a wide width pair. Additionally, the soles of the pair I got began to unstick while holding and checking the build quality - so much for it being waterproof.I got this pieces for my self and  was not very happy don't fit  and looks so poor o the material, I was planning to get then has a gift but after seen then i change my mind and just give it to the kids to play.

Overall;
poor quality and took so long to get it.

Disclamer;
I paid full price.I ordered 3 items from this company. So far I received 4 items. The quality T sHirt is good.Very, very sheer and sleeves are too short.Stops everyday at 11:10am?  Reset time and works.  Looks great but a bit annoying.Tight on belly they are tight l think x large who fit betterA little shiny and cheap looking.  Works for my purpose, however.although i liked the shirt the fit was not what i expected.The watch is not very big.....I guess I was hoping for a bit larger face but overall it looks kind of cheap but I guess you get what you pay for?Great watch for the first year . Hands fell off and jammed up the movement. Warranty claim in progress.Beware! If you wash your gym clothes in warm water the pink socks will ruin everything white in the load.  Save yourself some headaches and take them and throw them right in the trash.  Its amazing how much dye is in one tiny pair of socks.  Otherwise I do like these.The mermaid is so small you can't tell what it is.You have to order half a size smaller when you order this shoes...Was a gift and he loves them.  Fit great and price was perfect.  Good quality and would buy more !Litter two tight.I really liked these socks when I first bought them. They were comfortable and the price was right. I bought these in December 2014. I probably got 6-8 months of wear before they all started getting holes in the heels. Disappointed that every pair now has holes and I haven't even had them a year.Very comfortable.  I have a wide foot and it was generous in the fit.he likedThe fit is too big, the fabric feels cheap and rough. It was too much of a hassle to return it so now I am wearing it as a pajama top. It's just not flattering at all. Totally regret buying it.Given as a present and person was pleased.  I wish that it  could of come in a diffferent box. other than that it was perfect, my friend was thrilled.These boots are really waterproof, but the rounded front make them look very informal. They do not match a less casual outfit, so you may end up using them only with denim. I expected a more solid sole, but they are kind of flat. I also expected them to be warmer, but I've had to use very warm socks to keep my feet cozy. The upper part of the boot is a little bit stiff. In summary: Your feet will be protected from rain, but you may end up wishing something warmer and more solid for the real winter time.It's a good quality t-shirt, but the print is so faded that it looks either poorly made or used.I got my fianc this velour track suit for his birthday and its all he wants to wear.  I think the jacket runs true to size if not a little tiny bit small.  Awesome zipper pockets too.I had to send it back - too smallToo little for me.My only disappointment with this dress is that it only had a third of the gradient.  only about 6 inches up from the hem.  This is what attracted me to the dress,in the first place.  I ordered a size larger just in case because china runs a size smaller than the US.  but they are spot on in this dress.Snug pajamas so I would order a size up but cute and we'll madeGood.I LOVE this hat!! I wasn't sure if it would fit me, but it fits me and a lot of my male coworkers! It's such a hit around the office that I constantly have issues getting it back! I may have to buy another one....It's an okay ring, but not truly "brushed" stainless on the outer band-- it is way too shiny. I was trying to replace one my husband lost and this doesn't even come close.Get the Gold Toe Cushion Tec as opposed to these Ultra TecThese are really comfy and soft. I ordered the medium which were probably a little too big but I figured they will probably shrink a little in the dryer.Perfect color coordination with red, orange, black and gold ski jacket. Warm for an hour but after that since there is no mouth or nose hole moisture accumulation started chapping my chin and switch to a more conventional face mask was necessary.  No complaints about design or sizing.Ordered a 3x, fit like a medium. The bottoms were ripping at the seems before I even tried it on and the material inside the bottoms was ripped as well. The straps are not thick whatsoever so it turns out nothing like the pictures and offers NO support at all.I bought this same cap a few years back; the sun (and washing) faded it so bad that it was more of a lite blue than a dark or navy blue, so I bought this so that I'd have that color again. But this one is lighter in material; that is, when they set on a table the older ones stand up and in shape, while these new ones will collapse somewhat. So we'll see how long they last.I was trying to find a cheaper version of the BCBG sweater wrap which can be wrapped many different ways. This wasn't exactly what I was looking for but I still like it.  Its a good quality and it fits so I'll keep it.  I guess I'll just have to spend the money to get what I really wanted.I had purchased many Cole Haan Shoes before and they all were good quality that lasted for years.
However, the quality of this pair of shoes is just no good.NOT AS GOOD AS OLD MERRILL SHOES, MADE FLIMSY BUT OKAYNice product!  Just a little bigger than I had expected.  Good quality.I would say that is such a comfortable long shirt that can be worn with or without leggings/pants since it is somewhat large for me (I got a small one and I am currently 160 lbs and 5 ft). But I totally love it!!! I would buy this again!!!Just the upper straps needed to add extra holes for the buckle. They also slip down while walking but I've received a ton of compliments on these shoes!!This product is perfect for the reason I purchased it: bad circulation. They are not too tight but fitted enough to stay on and keep my legs warm. Only giving 3 stars because one pair came with a decent size hole in them.1 leg is to tight and im pretty sure my legs are even.. The zipper broke the 3rd time of waring them. And dried them in the drier they wrinkled to almost nothing.. Not buying these againThe stone separated from the holder. Not to secure. Kinda disappointed with that.nice dress, perfect length. haven't tried it on with shoes, but when i first tried it on barefoot, the length didn't seem to be a problem.  i just really don't like the gray part. it looks like a lousy little apron thing on the dress... not sure if i want to return it yetHoped would hold my clutch purse but slips off occasionally.Exactly like the photoThese mens larges shrunk to a girls small after 1 wash. Didnt even wear them.Bought the same size that we already have in this exact same short and the ones we received are way smaller. I bought the first pair in store. I can attest to this style short being great for my son since he has worn the same style for 6 seasons now. Just Couldn't allow any more stars since the sizing seems to be off from what they sell in the stores.This is a very nice vintage top that fits very well and drapes beautifully due to the rayon fabric content.  Very competitively priced, I will most likely buy other colors in the future.  (Much more affordable than items of the same caliber as offered by other competitors, I feel like I hit the mother lode!)  The little tie back gives this top a very flattering fit, too.I have a Casio G-SHOCK GW-9010 and this band fits fine.  The band came in Casio packaging, unopened, and seems to be of quality.These pearls are unique and very lustrous. The price is quite reasonable when compared to similar strands.  I've seen this type and quality of pearl at three times the price.  The clasp is easy to use and works well with the shape of the pearls.  Very happy with this purchase.Goodness this is the cutest dress! The material is stretchy and comfy. Great for fall. Would be a little hot in the summer I'd say. But it's so classy looking the fit was awesome! Thanks so much!They seem smaller than I expected. Have not used them yet, so will check back later to report how they work.For the price is okEvery single time I wear a pair of these socks, I realize it was one of the best purchases I've made in years.Didn't offer the 3x tall...This necklace looks great for the price but isn't worth having or buying my son was excited and he put it on and was just doing jumping jack exercises and cross flew off had to fix several times with in 2 hrs he wasn't horsing around or anything then by the evening the chain brook I STRONGLY WOULD NOT RECOMMENDED THIS PRODUCT price is good by quality is not worth the effort or timeThe shirt itself is fine but the sizing is WAY off. I purchased a large and it fits my teenage daughter who is a size 2.I ordered a xxxl and this fits my daughter that is a medium size.I like the design of these shirts and the price is awesome. But they are a bit sheer. Other reviews said they ran small, but I found them slightly large. They also stretch a bit after one wear.Shoe did not look the same and it was a mens shoe color was washed out nothing like the pictureBought them in my size, but they are too short and hurt in between the toes.Not the high top tennis shoe that I remember wearing in the 50's.  I found this shoe to be cheaply made and uncomfortable to wear.  Very poor support and cushion.  It is o.k. as far as wearing causally, but not comfortable for extended wear.  I was somewhat disappointed, as I was really looking forward to having a good looking and wearing "retro" High Top.Cheaply made and awkward to walk in. Uncomfortable. Waste of money.Ok so this review is in 2 parts

The earring that arrived were very pretty and they arrived on time 5 stars

I paid extra for gift wrapping and it came in a box so big I had to open it and rewrap it because it looked like I was faking them out with a huge present that was just a pair of earrings. Really awkward size box for one pair of earrings. Then when I opened the box to check that the earrings were the right pair, I found the price tag still on the earrings!! Super tacky and I'm really glad I opened it because if I hadn't i would have been really embarrassed . So 1 star for the gift wrapping. I wouldn't recommend it.Cheap yes, but pockets ripped and buttons fall off somewhat easily.  Worth it... Maybe...Didn't hold up to the test of time.  Had to buy a pair of timberland pros to replace.  Had no support, felt like flip flops on my feet after 3 months.  Rubber on the sides of sole coming off.Cool for 4th of July. Little hard to see throughI love this;)!!! Better than I expected! Thank you Amazon!!!Good quality and they fit right. But they are a little stuff and scratchy at first. I had to wash them a few times to make the scratchy feeling go awayThe shoe is gorgeous, but way too big. How do I send it back?When thay are little you just want a sock that will stay on without shoes. Great socks if worn with shoes.Very cheap material. My husband and I were not impressed.My favorite boots to wear out. Doesn't make my feet hot like most shoes. And they are comfortable!love itI like the material the wallet is made of, the shine is a nice touch too. It's extremely functional but if you aren't a fan of larger wallets the size may be unsettling. However I prefer large wallets so I like itToo Big and re shopping was too long for the wait. I thought they were going to be smaller than what they were. not happy. Very rarely wear.Bought this shirt for the saying the shirt is somewhat thin and well as small fitting.Fits small. Had to send it backthe color is dark yellow  and makes them look really fake. I was expecting some more golden color. Sorry, but I do not like them.too small but warmWas concerned about bait/switch from prior reviews, but I got exactly what I ordered.  580G lenses (and so etched) at a good price and no funny business with stickers.BAJA JOE BRAND IS OK BUT I HAVE THREE EARTH RAGS THAT I THINK ARE MUCH BETTER ALL AROUND.THE EARTH RAGS SEEM TO BE MORE LIKE THE OLD SCHOOL BAJA HOODIE.Tacky.....Not wroth it...!!!I ordered size 9 and it seems 10! TOO LARGE!I wish I had taken heed of some of the reviews I had read about this product being cheap. It's very cute, and it came what I would consider packaged just fine. But the nature of the construction, the tiny metal stem glued on to that heavy flower, well, it just didn't stand a chance I think it transit. I even considered super glueing it to fix it myself, but then I noticed the little center of the flower piece, which is supposed to be "gem like" looking was all scratched, so that's when I decided to just return this.  Amazon made the return process very simple.These are the cutest sandals ever and fit great!This is the smallest XL I have ever seen. My husband normally wears a L or XL. This did not fit him. Returning it. And it stunk like mildew - very bad odor.Deliighted with this product, it looks and feels good quality.I cant believe how bad these pants smelled. I purchased these pants from Walmart in the past. However, I believe this pair was shipped from China in the belly of an spoiled fish. What a smell...The nurse open the package and I was floored. She told me to just wash the pants. I just survived ICU and 2wks in hospital and now at a nursing home with no way to wash these brand new pants. Also,after 2wks, the pants were in a package, inside a box, inside 2 plastic trash bags and yet the horrible smell still exists. For shame...Beautiful!Reference size is totally wrong, very disappointedT shirt is fine, but did not get the UGA logo in the center.
Came as a US flag only.  Jeeze....Ordered 2 pair of brown/white which were fine; then ordered 2 pair of blue/white which had to be returned because the left and right shoes were totally different shades of white (i.e. left was white, right was a gray tone).Very frustrating where Levis mens wear is concerned. After reading other reviews, and from my experience with my most recent order, if you are a 38 waist don't order that size from Levis. Wash and dry them and you better be ready to SQUEEZE into them at an about 36" waist. 36" length shrink to about 33".
The way I see it.....if you need a certain size pair of pants to fit (even after being washed) Levis should be doing the math and not make their customer base figure it out.They're a good value, though the material isn't the most comfortable.Great shoes! The laces annoy me.I love Birkenstocks - but the strap on these is way too far forward they feel like they will flip off, and the flor is stiff and chafes.I use this bag everyday for school. Good quality. Love it!I love this jacket but I ordered a XL and fits short!  If you are tall this jacket may be too short it hit me right at the hips and I like my jackets to fit a little larger than my shirts!  But overall is a very nice jacket!The circlet will do what I need it to do.  I was able to bend it back into shape after it was thrust into a normal sized post office box in a bubble wrap mailer.  You can imagine what it looked like when I opened the packaging.  I started the returns process, but realized that I would receive pretty much the same thing if I ordered it a second time.  It is bendable, so I was able to make it look halfway decent and decided it wasn't worth returning it if I was just ordering the same thing.  I do like the fact it isn't foam or plastic.  I will need to put moleskin on the inside to make it more comfortable.Nice look but string is so super long I had to tie a knot at the bottom just to keep it on.  There should be an adjustable clip or something at the bottom.  Quality is a little poor for being $10.Grea storage and colorAmazon is getting to pricey  .  Everything has jumped big time.. 10.00 added cost to these jeans. Jeans not worth 30.00Love the slippers! They fit, can wear them anywhere. The bottom is a bit harder than a slipper, but I think it's because it meant to make the slippers last longer!I was expecting a thicker fleece fabric, otherwise the size was as my expectation.I had to reorder this shirt for my 6 year old grandson in a Youth Small (and it's still a little roomy) - the Youth Large fits me and I wear a Medium women's.  I love the print though - good shirt, not thin.Received a different pajamas as pictured. So disappointed!THANK U : Great service will see u soon u rate an A+My feet look like tiny Shrek feet, but they are very happy! After 32 marathons and 64 blisters on my pinkie toes that curl too much, these socks saved the day! Even in rain, I had no toe pain from blisters. Buy these socks in green and you will laugh when you see how funny your feet look but be blister-free!They shoes look great and fit perfectly; they are also affordable. They will look great with shorts in the summer!Too large, heavy and I walk right out of them Too wideI have purchased four tops from Patty Boutik and all of them have been extremely short and I have never worn a single one . I think  this line is designed for the petite  . Not made well . I am 57Cute idea!The shoes was a bit too big for me, it didn't fit me at all and it's a size 5...If it only fit me, I would give the seller a five start...but the shoes was stretch to much!It doest hug my feet like the white/blue pair did, don't know if they are made differently other than colorReturned toe box area feels too big. I normally wear a size 6.5 - 7 shoe ordered a size 6 and still feels too bigDon't waste your money bag doesn't last too long. Not even a full year and its ripping apartwhen it new its great, after a while it begins to loose its integrity overall, will not buy again.I normally wear an XL so I ordered an XL. I couldn't even get it over my head. It was so small. I ended up giving it to my cousin, who is a size M.Despite being pictured the shield and sword were not included and even rereading the description it is not made very clear. Pretty cheap craftsmanship as would be expected from a costume in this price range,but the leg bands were useless and the tunic was way too short for an average sized 11 year old.I ordered this dress and it came when I expected to and looked and fit the way I expected to but when I tried to unzip the zipper to get out of it I could not get it unzipped. My husband tried and he couldn't get it unzipped. I had to rip the seam near the zipper to get the dress of and now have to take it to alterations to be repaired. Very disappointedThese were just a tad snug, but I wore them all day without discomfort. They are beautiful, and I was especially pleased that they are a true navy.Love them but they seem to run a littler bigger. I'm a size 8 but I go a size up for comfort n they are very roomy so make sure you get your size because the run a little bigger...Really glad to be able to get black jeans in my size.  I tend to wear them to work in situations where it's fairly casual but not casual enough for blue jeans.

Levis aren't my favorite fit, but they work.These shoes are perfect for my 3 year old. They velcro instead of lace which makes it much easier for him to get on and off himself. This is our second pair of these, so I highly recommend.My great granddaughter loves these underwear and they fit her very good and do not ride up on her butt.Great fit but one shoulder is all twisted up, can't seem to get to untwistGreat color.  Shirt described as classic fit but was actually a fitted shirt.Poor quality, falling apart after just four weeks of school day wear!Product was not well made. Lock did not line up and the stitching was messed up. Also the leather seemed like it was just glued onto the drawers.Usually wear a L/XL, ordered a XXL.  Glad I did otherwise it would be to tight on chest.  Great for my needsI usually wear a large or sometimes extra large, depending on fit, the description for this said the sizes run 1 or 2 sizes smaller and they weren't kidding, I ordered an XXL and it is still tighter than I would like it to be.  I love the color anD the way it is made but wish it was not so tight, if you order this shirt make sure to order 2 or maybe even 3 sizes largerA++++ Very, very comfortable. They are so cute on!  You can wear them all day.Had to return. Although the foot bed was comfortable, the leather was extremely stiff and the top of the shoe is too loose no matter how tightly the strap is pulled. You end up flip flopping.I expected the color to be "beige", but it was almost white.Very comfortable from first wearing. I liked the simplicity of the exterior design and the comfort of the insole. It's a shoe I can wear almost anywhere.this summer.started falling apart at the seams in a few daysThe quality is amazing! Super soft on the inside and the outside is perfect sweatshirt material. The only complaint is that it's way too big. I ordered a medium because smalls for women are typically all over the place. Apparently the fashion Industry can't decide what "defines" S/M/L for fear of offending its consumer. Well we don't wear labels on the outside of our clothing so PLEASE PICK A SIZE!!! Other than that this sweatshirt is beyond awesome! It's also my favorite go to.But babies grow so fast material balls up run a little small have gripper foots for the toddler i did by multiple sizes and girl boy one for twins!After many days, I received only the box, where's the watch? Who is responsible for this? Where can I complaint?It's a super cute, albeit see-through, top. The only small part is the bottom hem but it's really easy to reposition or hide to make it look like. I'd definitely buy it again.Cute boots but not durable. My daughter has had them for a week and two of the buttons fell off.Cant use them at all, FOR ME, it was a waste of money. Im trying to stretch dansko nursing clogs.These sun glasses are nice looking but I was disappointed that the color they are selling as Blue looks more like the picture that they have included that says green.

The glasses look like $15 sunglasses with a round "John Lennon" look to them.

In my opinion they are more of a novelty item than actually for sun protection.

They say they are unisex and I bought them for my husband but think that the lenses are a bit close together for a man's face.

Mostly though I was disappointed that the color does not match what I thought I was getting. The color was labeled "blue" so I guess that is just the color.

Thanks for reading my review

Becky Brooks

*I received these glasses free as a sample to reviewvery comfyThe hat was cute and made nicely but made for a much older baby. Not a good fit for a newborn.I got a pair of Isotoner gloves long ago as a gift. They were the best gloves ever, I still have them and use them. I got these as a gift for my wife. I got large, figuring anyone in the family could use them. WRONG large is not large, they do fit my wife's medium hand. They are bulky, which makes them warm, but not for driving. I have not seen her using them, will keep an eye out over this winter and see if they get used. My feeling is they will end up in the box of unused gloves in the closet.

I liked the original Isotoners that were warm, and flexible, good for driving on those cold mornings. These are more bulky.

Be very careful on size, if in doubt buy one size larger. I bought Medium/Large, it is Medium.Espectacular esta pijama, las amo-Not as comfortable as I would have liked. I have a prominent Achilles tendon and they run uncomfortably.I bought these as a more winter friendly toe shoe than my normal Vibrams as the Vibram Lontra (Vibram's all season shoe) is about twice the price.  Once I got the right size (they seem to run about 2 sizes smaller than Vibrams), they seemed pretty good.  Certainly more cushion than V's and quite comfortable.  I also like that they tie up like regular shoes.  They work well enough in cool dry weather, just wear wool toe socks and you're good to go.

However, if it's wet then forget about it.  Contrary to the description on Fut Glove's site, these are not water resistant in any way.  That double-skinned lycra that helps make these comfortable is made from a water-magnetic material.  If you step within 6 inches of a puddle, they will actually pull water from that puddle into your shoes.  I'm pretty sure they've also sucked rain from the clouds directly onto my shoes.

Then I washed them.  Washing machine, cold water, short cycle, very little non-bleach detergent, no fabric softener, sat them out to dry.  Their website isn't really clear if these are machine washable or not, I'm guessing it's bad for the suede part so I won't knock it down for that (a bit of fuzz balls, but nothing that bothers me).  After 3 or 4 washes, the camo colored nylon has faded badly.  Since the camo is the one part of the design I don't like, I'm not bothered.  The way these are marketed "Stain & Water Resistant Materials Provide Durable & Lasting Wear" and with the warrior name, for an active life-style etc. I don't buy the idea that a few cold-water trips through the washing machine and wearing them around town is worse than soaking them in a lake or river or just a creek on a long hike.

The real problem is a sole is coming off.  On my left shoe, I have one toe that is just barely starting to pull away, maybe 1/4" or so.  On my right shoe, it's almost to the point where I have to chuck the shoes (or buy a tube of shoe goo and hope for the best).  The sole is pulling away from all 5 toes various amounts, with the worst one completely loose back to the ball of my foot.  With one shoe essentially ok and the other falling apart I'm guessing it's a manufacturing defect, not a problem everyone will have.  However, I am basing this review on my personal experiences with the shoes I received, and after 5 months of wearing these 3 or 4 times a week the sole on one is falling off.

I bought them at the beginning of winter, I haven't even had a chance to wear them camping yet.  Based on my experiences so far I don't have a lot of faith in these holding up.I bought these shoes as they are from a reputable brand and I got a good deal. First of all, the tip of the toe is somewhat narrow which is uncomfortable for my feet. I bought a D and I have been told Im between a D and an E (I think) in terms of width. These scuff pretty easily. The material is leather but it has been covered by some sort of material that feels and looks very plasticky. This material may be the cause of the scuff. I have yet to polish them and I will update when I do to let people know if the scuffs polish out. In terms of the sole, it is leather which is a good feature, especially on shoes at this cost. When I got the shoes it was raining one day and the sole got wet. I realize its not supposed to get wet, but hey what could I do? I had an interview. As a result the sole which was a reddish leather color (from dye) has a lot of water marks on it. Other than that I think the sole has help up pretty well although this is my first leather soled shoe.

Overall I'm still happy with my purchase due to the price. However, do not underestimate the tackiness of the coating on these shoes.so comfortable I bought a 2nd pair!  I walk daily and these shoes can hold up to that for months.SnugThe earrings arrived fast and it came in a cute packaging, however it was not what I expected they were too shiny ( metallic) looking for my taste. I ended up giving it away. The size is large which wasn't a problem. I wish they had this in a more silver or white gold earring, it would've worked out perfectly.Mostly I like it but keys sometimes slip off. However, it does work well to hang my purse. I always hated the idea of putting on the floor. Eww.These pants fit fine in the waist (they were a bit long, but I'm 5"1' so thats expected) but there was a small tear in the seam. It's nothing you can't fix with a needle and thread, but still.I'm very pleased with the fit of this jacket & I love how long it is! I also really like the color, Cypress, but the trim & ties are a very bright fuchsia, which may have caused me not to choose it if I'd known. Overall, I'm pleased.I have been in the hospital for surgery.  Am I able to still return these sandals?The boot looked nice but I ordered a wide calf boot because my calfs are about 15" around and it was way too tight.  Considering I didn't even have thick socks on it would not have worked for a winter boot. If you're a woman with a larger calf size I think I would suggest men's boots.Unlike what's known about Chinese dresses running small, this dress was way too large and looked cheap. I got what a paid for it.Already brokeThe satin part is bright white.  The tutu is cream.  The ribbon is not tied in a bow and is barely tacked on.  My daughter will have it yanked off the first time she wears it.  It's also not as fluffy as I hoped.  Disappointed.  Wish sending it back wasn't such a hassle.It fit. But the stitching was terrible. It's already unraveling and I've only worn it once. I ordered 3 of these and they are all falling apart.It is so cute I love it so much and for this price it is perfect I love it and it looks exactly like the one in the picture. I wear size xsmall-small but I ordered large because I read the reviews and they say that it is a little bit small so I ordered large and it fits perfect don't order medium because it will be small. I Highly recommend this product love itYou get what you pay for. The costume is definitely comfortable but it's more like pajamas than actual clothes. I am 5'11" and about 135 lbs and ordered the medium,/standard. The arms were long and I had to roll up the cuffs twice. The bottoms were also about 3" too long.I bought these as gifts, and I was very disappointed to see how much they shed.  They kind of disintegrate when touched.  They seem poorly constructed compared to other brand I have bought in the past.Like the design and they are comfortable. Unfortunately they only lasted about a month...I won't know my full opinion until I use it for my son's wedding 0n 7/7/17. For now I can say it matches the shoes and goes well with the dress. We will see how it performs when the wedding takes place.This thing is way too tiny for most anyone over 5' 5". Admittedly I like the biggest brolly you can get (I want to be thoroughly covered, even in a driving rain), but this thing barely feels like it covers my shoulders.

Oh yeah, and if a gust hits this thing, forget about it. It inverts like it was its job to do. And I'm not talking a gale or howler of a wind. We're talking a brief, mild gust. What a waste of $30.Way too large. Returning is a huge pain for a college student so really this was just a terrible purchase. Do not order oversizeThere is a scrach on the stone on one cufflinks which is very dissapointingI expected it to be longer based on the picture listed but it was definitely warm. I would recommend it.Straight out of the box and its broken! Does not work!!!Not slim at allThey're okayI love how these look.  I just can't seem to find the right fit.  Returned the 14s which were too large and ordered the 13s.  I can wear them, but they are tighter than I'd like.This item is FAKE. Buyer beware. I contacted Fjallraven, emailed them pictures, and they confirmed it to be counterfeit. The threading is off. The patch is not reflective. The buttons are missing WASA 6. The material is VERY thin. Not authentic at all.I just received my black glasses after waiting a few wks for backorder. The glasses themselves seem to fit fine, they are light and don't sit on my cheeks which I hate, but they were smudged up as if returned  AND I did not receive any of the accessories that are advertised to come with it. No case, cloth or screwdriver to maintain them. I'm alright with the glasses, so I'll keep them rather than the hassle of exchange, but still feel ripped off I didn't receive my entire purchase.I ordered a size XL for my 6' 3" husband.  The shirt that arrived was marked L/XL, and that may be true in China where this was made, but it's not true in the U.S.  In this country it's more like a size medium, and that's before washing.  It's 100% cotton and will probably shrink

We'll keep it because it only cost $8.00 and I can probably wear it, but we wouldn't order another one.

As they say, you get what you pay for.The small needles for sec., min., and hrs. are off. When I press the reset button, it would not align at zeros. Also, the sec. needle came off with a minor shock to the watch. Wanted return, but the period was over. pfftDo NOT waste money on this. Shirt is branded Palm Wave (NOT Hawaii Hangover) and quality is horrible. Stitching is way off with irregular seams and loose threads hanging out.Looks as pictured and I haven't broke it yet! (2 weeks). I tend to break the dangle ones easily. Recommended.Unable to wear.  Can not unhook.  These earrings look cheap.  A waste of money.  Save yourself the trouble and the dollarsThis hoodie was cheaply made, seam on the hood wasn't sewn together so I hemmed it aand then I found out the cord on the hood was sewn in the seam so I rip the seam from the hhod incliuding the seam i'd just hemmed and it some serious repairing, this company doesn't inspect their clothes this was a disappointment.Good quality low costthe product is great but i received with the interior zip broken.
i need to use yet but i think you need more quality control.
Its a samsonite!

regardsFirst of all, shipping took FOREVER! In the pictures and description, the socks look nice. A Wellington boot is a tall rain boot. These socks came about 2 inches over my ankle. These are NOT Wellington socks . I'd return them, but it would cost me more to ship back to the UK than its worth. Buyer beware.Very cute in photo. Did arrive very quickly. But quality was low. Size of ribbon bow on front huge. Ribbon corset lace up on back won't stay tied. Did like the width and length of crochless...crotch.Cheap cheap cheap!! Of course it's made pf tin foil & glass!!Doesn't fit wellI would save your money gals, and just get a better quality product. I got the "C" size, and it adds nothing. It came poorly packaged, no box. Just in an envelope, plastic is was in was smashed.I have to say I hate this buy. There is no support without the straps! Even if you do have the straps in a halter style, you still have your chest spilling out of the side. It isn't a true shaper, its just a body suit with moveable straps.Ive had this for a few weeks now and out of no where the latch to the ziper broke. And the inside is unsewing. I might buy another one just because I like it but it sucks it didn't last me long.Nice dressFirst time ordering clothes off amazon & very impressed with this dress.Very hard and plasticky, I would definitely not recommend for a real wedding. Thankfully I purchased this at a discount as a prop for a bachelorette party, and at that price I did not expect much more than what I got. The design is pretty, but the material is very low quality. See pictures below.
Full disclosure: I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. This has in no way affected my opinion and everything I have written here reflects my honest experience with the product. I am in no way required by the seller or site to leave a positive review about their product.
Thank you for reading my review, I hope it helps you decide on whether or not you would like to purchase this product! If in fact my review was helpful, please click the "yes" button below. This will make it easier for others to find this review first, so that they may be helped as well. Have a great one!Pretty but the backs fall off easily and I already lost one because of that. Not ideal.Great t-shirts.  They come out of the package quite long, but after one washing fit perfectly.  Every other undershirt I have bought was great out of the box, but shrunk too much after the first washing.  The Lacoste symbol is a cheap little sticker, but great fit and looks smooth under a dress shirt.They're underwear and they fit. That's all I need to sayNeeded a great white jacket that could be used with a dress, shorts or pants.  This is it!  There is a reason a jean jacket has been a staple in the fashion of most girls, women or men!Good product and delivery time very goodThis is a beautiful and classy tennis bracelet.  It is so elegant, that my Mother even begged me for it.  It just looks beautiful on.  And it is big enough that it fits around my wrist, easily.  I'm just taken aback by how elegant and beautiful it is.I have tiny shoulders and this thing squeezes them so tightly. I'm 5' and 100lbs went up two sizes and it's quite snug around the shoulders.Great sneakers, very clean design.  Can wear with jeans, khakis, shorts.This was sold as "silver".  Silver does not tarnish when worn every day.  My sweetheart has worn this every day since Christmas and the medal has turned black, the chain has stayed shiny.  The design in lovely, but the metal is NOT silver, nor even stainless steel.  It is some sort of other alloy.  It did polish somewhat with a mix of baking soda and water, but not very well.  I am unhappy with this product.  Do not waste your money on this "silver" that is clearly not silver, nor stainless steel.POOR FABRIC! AND NOT TRUE TO SIZE!  AMAZON ANOTHER POOR QUALITY ITEM FOUND UNDER ANOTHER UNKNOWN CLOTHING LABEL!

CONSUMER'S BEWARE......AMAZON IS NOT ALL THAT!we ordered earmuffs..  We finally received one of the 2 we ordered..  I called to find out what was going on and was assured they sent both earmuffs but their computers were down and they couldn't varify or give me a tracking #!! The second earmuff never showed up and we canceled our order.. not sure if we will get our money back or not but we will not order from them again.Great purchaseThicker than I expected, but very nice.The calves fit fine for me but I wish these ran in half sizes.. I'm hoping that they stretch out a little bit as I can't get one of my feet into the boot. Very cute but that's the only reasons it doesn't have 5 starsHonestly it was not what I expected it feels like cheap plastic.  And when it arrived it had 2 arms that were separated from the plastic.The beads and or cording are irritating after wearing them a while. The foam itself is comfortable and the look if the saddle looks more expensive.I ordered the right size, but received an irregular made dress.  I am so unhappyI like the texture good quality great price alittle tight and uncomfortable in certain areasI recently ordered a pair of ASICS GT-2160,size 8 and after I started to use them I noticed that the right sole is 2-3 mm thicker than the left one.
I went to a shoe shop to rectify the sole but it still feels different!
I wonder if this pair was ever quality controlled ? I am loosing confidence...
Please be cautious with this vendor!
IonReally like it the doll that comes with is a nice touchFastener comes undone while wearing. Snaps would be more secure.The skirt is very cute and easy for a toddler to pull up and down - but I am taking away 2 stars for the seam at the waist being open. I've had to re-stitch it myself in order to use the skirt.These are junk. They didn't come in a box. Already coming apart at the seams. Run very smallAlarm kept setting itself to different times. Compass didn't work. Large and bulky.Yeah because making fun of dyslexia is so damn funnyi wanted a nice watch to wear to the gym and when Im out and about and this is perfect. I had this shipped to Australia and was delivered within a week. The price is amazing and it is such great value for money. Really stylish.Shoes arrived on time.  Shoes are uncomfortable in the arch of the feet, so I can't say it "Fit as expected."It's nice, but it didn't fit my wife. Based on the size chart it should have fit very well, when she tried it on she was swimming in it. I'm returning it.I love invicta watches, so I bought one for my wife.Unfortunately my band broke within two weeks... I am very disappointed as it just broke off and it was not caused by any activity ... It literally broke off while I was having lunch and it happened during a business meeting.... Cannot recommend this productIt too small and only show the pendant if you send only the pendant than don't show it with an image with an attach necklace.material is scratchy.I got this backpack in August of 2013 and within the next month the shoulder strap seam broke. Then on top of that the material at the bottom corners started to tear. This just within a month.
It is a good size though. I loved the amount of pockets and organizing components that it has. I'm 5'9" and the handle was perfectly long enough. I wish that it had better quality because it was quite a nice backpack otherwise. I would not recommend this product.Not a bad hat but not what was shown in the advertising pics I looked at, this hat is not for a infant as it says toddler yes infant noLots of parts and did not use much.  Did what I needed it for.Material is thinner than I expected, have to wear a slip or it is a see through skirt, but it will work.As reported in several other reviews, this shoe measures smaller in length than industry standard. ORDER BIGGER THAN YOU'RE SIZE.It felt like I was waring denim underwear.
What makes it "stain free" is the
laminated crotch lining which doesn't stretch or ventilate.
What you'll feel is hot, sweaty and tight (TIGHT)

And the stiffness of the water resistant fabric
makes the groin area make noise when I walk which is embarrassing.

If you're buying this I strongly recommend going a size up
because it'll help fit issues caused from the stiff material.Its a bit difficult to go over the shoulders as the opening at the front is above your waist.was too smallAlthough I usually wear a size 6, even a 4 sometimes, I bought these in an 8.  Lole often runs small, and these were no exception.  The size8 fits very well and looks great.  This is a nice neutral color in storm.  I bought the matching top and both make a very nice outfit.Too longThese are nice shoes but not the best for all day support. Everytime I got up to do stuff I was aware of not overdoing it due to the lack of foot support. Not a good shoe for errands and periods of long standing. Mostly to do light errands A bit narrow and thin soled.so pretty and really nice. they have the right amount of dangle and the stones are very nice. they are substantial and delicate. i would and will purchase from them again.Cheap.. And it looks cheapVery durable and fits as expected.These are very comfortable but at 5'2" they were very long in me.It was smaller than I expected and The chain keeps breaking.  Overall it's ok.  But I won't purchase again.It's made for petite small people...The length is ok but the detailing is very poor.  Like someone else said on their review how it looks like a child design the cross.  I know my 11 yr old son would've done a better job.It looks fine. It hasn't broken. It does seem a little sharp to the touch though. Not so much that it's worth returning though.They fit as I thought they would.It does the job, but doesn't look as vibrant and is as scratchy as normal burlap--not the semi-smooth kind normally used in these contexts.I ordered these in a 12 which is my normal size for $123.59...now I find that returning them and going down a half size to 11.5 will now cost $159.95, unbelievableThis is the second one I received, after initially getting the wrong size...the material was SUPER cheap and the image looked like it was drawn on with magic markers. I was very disappointed. And don't get me started on the return/exchange issues. I ended up losing money and them not wanting to do a final exchange because "it is expensive for coming all the way from China"

I should have kept the original that was too big and tried washing it to make it shrink...had I known :/I loved the look of the shoes however they were too narrow for my feet.  I returned them.Shirt was perfect and felt like quality fabric, but the pants were made of a different cheaper material and ended up tearing before the day was over.Wearing but not completely satisifiedTerrible!!!Well made fit a little narrowI ordered the XL and it ran tight.  I wear a 7.5 in most hats and sometimes a 7.625 (7-5/8) in a Tilley so it is a little loose. I have a lot of hats to compare and reference to, and I know how size my hat size very well, and this hat simply should have been a little looser for the XL size and what the sizing chart claims it fits.  It came with a (likely permanent) crease in a highly visible spot that was distracting as well that probably could have been avoided with better packaging. The price seemed OK had it been sized properly and packaged properly.  Overall I liked it but between the tight fit and the crease I returned it.  I suppose I could have just gotten the wrong one and if I had gotten a different little larger and uncreased one I would love it.  Does seem well made and very functional for winter.It's really large. Oversized for me.The quality on this jumpsuit is incredibly cheapbut for the price I knew that was a risk.

I knew within seconds of taking it out of the bag that it was going back. The white top is thin. The black jumpsuit part is really stretchy, but thin. I've had cotton tights that look better. All in all, I'm just disappointed and had to find a new costume.The concept for these shirts is great. The polyester material is thin. I would recommend the all black version over this one which is white in the back.Great thickness for multiple wears....but fit WAY too small for my 10 year old, average weight daughter.  The rights were great quality.This bag is very cute, but my handle ripped away from the bag after a few months, so I couldn't pack it anymore. I did love it and got many compliments, though.Not a quality product. Stretched out permanently after one use. I ordered XL and I'm a medium...so there's no way my body stretched it out. I loved the vibrant colors but the fit was awful. Bought them for walking, but will only wear them around the house now.It was too tight I couldn't use it I gave it to my coworkerNice good I'm so. Comfortable. I'm for the same shor for to buyWish I could like these shoes. First pair were size 9 and were super tight- I'm usually a 9 or 9.5. So I returned and got the 9.5, which were cool for like the first couple of hours or so but then became so loose I was trying to grip with my dang toes just so I could get to my car!!These are cute. I like the fit in the calf, but they are a bit tight in the toes; I hope they will loosen up over time.The overlook of the costume is nice but the hood is super small (not like the one shown on the picture) and I had to call seller because the ears were totally disproportionate !  One was huge and the other one super tiny, my daughter noticed right away.
Fornutately,  the seller asked me to send pictures of the hood and immidiately sent a replacement that looked much better.The sole is way too hard for my 3 1/2 years boy. It is not worth the money. This model is not suitable for toddler.I just wish it was a little softer. I hope after I wash it a few more times it will get a lot softer.I meant this as a gift for my cousin - I used to love 1928 jewelry! - but it is nothing but cheap rhinestones in (key word) SILVER TONE settings - the silver looks like it came out of a gumball machine. It is really sparkly - and I think a pre-teen would like it, but it is not very nice for an adult. Also, I have very small wrists - it is loose on my wrist, which is good, because stretched it even looks cheaper. So, I would not purchase it for someone with larger wrists. I bought blue, and I suspect the red would have looked nicer. I will save it for my daughter.It fits me but it was to longIn my opinion, Lock Laces work better. I do like the colors of the Curly betterI love this bag. I've been carrying it since I got it. I've gotten so many compliments on it. The only thing I'm sad about is that it doesn't come in brown, mocha, or tan.I  was unhappy to find out I ordered wrong size in error.  Unable to order right width.  Had to return.Not as shown in the picture, very simple, not cute, not for girls that don't have stick legs. I don't consider myself fat, a few extra pounds, and my thighs are the biggest part of my body, don't buy if you want those designs and have a more filled out figure, if you're chubby, definitely don't buy. If you're a stick and don't mind not getting what you're looking at in the picture, these are for you.The quality of clothing in general seems to have drastically declined in recent years, and Levi's jeans seems to be one of the worst offenders. This is the last time I'm buying  these.these are pretty and i got a fantastic deal on them. they could be dressed up for  a formal  wedding or can be dressed down, to wear with a nice blouse and skinny jeans. Unfortunately the very first time i wore them they broke.:(  I went to cross my legs while seated, and as i did my feet tapped each other VERY LIGHTLY.....well that was enough for one of the balls to fall off. very disappointing.decent watch - nostalgia for my wifeI love the ring, it looks great and still is light enough for my husband to work with it and it not bother him, fast shipping and I will sefiantly purchase from this place again, thank youNothing Brazilian or Columbian about it. Very ordinary jeans that too low waisted. Clumsy to wear. Alteration is the only way. But how?I like the heel height, and in this style I could have used a half size smaller and a medium width.  Generally I love the look and fit of Trotters.  Don't like hassle of returning merchandise.Nice suit but the color faded so quickly after 2 weeks.Love the sparkle!  This hat is so pretty!  I received it in a few days.  It arrived way ahead of when it was estimated to arrive.  Now I want another one in another color! Thanks!Beautiful belt!!These beads are nice but they are smaller than Pandora beads.  I had expected more color, but many are dark colored.It really looks amazing, the 3D print is beatiful  and the colors are bright, now, you could easily break the front print with your own nails, so the material is not so godd but it's okay for the price, i rate it 6/10Poor quality materialI am very happy with this purchase and the measurements coincided with what was delivered. Thank youVery pretty and good qualityHat paint comes off too easilyIt's in a size 9 it fits a little tight but a good design I'm happy with it thanks again.No star would be more appropriate.  I only selected "Fit as expected" because "Fit too small and too large at the same time" wasn't an option.  There is no stretch to these socks.  So they pull at the heel, the bunch up at the top of the foot.  They aren't snug or soft.  They scratch.  Truly, worst socks I think I've ever purchased.  Not even decent for wearing around the house or to bed on cold nights.  They belong in the trash.Not as durable ss described, one trip from Hawaii and has a whole in it already, for the price and the hype "disappointed" let down. The the money I should have brought a cheaper brand.Cute and nice slipper except run very small.  My son comfortably wears a 13 sneaker but these 13 barely even went on.  I would say order at least a full size larger.I was 205.2 pounds when I tried this on the first time. I'm now 203.2 pounds with my goal weight being 160 pounds. That being said the skirt is a tight fit but that's what I wanted. If you have a big booty(no matter my weight my butt is always big) like me you'd best wear leggings, because the slit in the back might give a "sneak peek" if you catch my drift. Goes great with a long sleeved top and sneakers or boots.Ok get 2 sizes biggerIt's nice but the strap is loose!These fit really well. They have a stretchy band around the ankle above the heel and around the foot just below the heel to keep the socks in place - which is really awesome! But the colors of these socks are really wierd. They don't match anything and the faces of some of the characters are really bad - like the chicken and the owl. :( So fit wise they are great, but design-wise they aren't very nice.Clearly a knock off. The image is faded and the material is almost see through it's so cheap.Dress didn't fit, arrived 2 weeks late :/Painfully small and narrow!All of yr prices are nothing close to be a deal and you just lie about those high "regular"prices.Amazon describes these boots as having an opening of 12.25. This is actually the circumference of of the ankle (narrowest) part of the boots. The opening of these boots are closer to 15. If you have slender calves, less than 13', you'll be swimming in these.I just received the costume today.  It's plain black and didn't have the zip looks on legs, arm or body.. That was my favorite part.. Can I send it back.  It didn't come with a receipt in box.kid wore it (size 2T) and stayed warm for our halloween parade outside.Nice Small PackI've worn Rainbow Sandals for years and have always bought them directly from the company web site. This time, I purchased them on Amazon so as to take advantage of Amazon Prime and have them here before our family vacation. They arrived right on time, but there is something very odd about them: Instead of the entire bottom being covered with the non-slip rubber, only strips of it are covered, and the rest is strips of soft felt (see photo). This felt won't last a minute on the hot LA pavement! I am guessing these are (a) defective or (b) fake Rainbows -- unless this felt-looking bottom is a new thing that I'm just not aware of? Some strange new species of hemp? Now begins the process of returning them; no sandals for vacation after all. What a bummer (but first-world problems, I know). I've learned my lesson and will buy direct from the company web site in the future.Actually need 7"-8" in size not 6"Like the shoes for a size 11 I thought they should have been a little larger. I wear a 101/2 regularly.SMALL! SMALL! SMALL! Gave this sweater to my thinner daughter. Cute on her. Thick and verrrry nice for winter here in Northern Michigan.Not as nice as my previous pair that was discontinued but decent for the price.  Fit was a little small but worked.color
 not as expectThis watch was much smaller than I expected after seeing the pictures, especially the watch face. I was expecting a beefier watch like some of my other citizen models, but this was much slimmer. I have an athletic build, and the watch is sometime constrictive around my wrist while active.Bought for a gift --IMMENCELY LARGE/LONG  -- expect the gift recipient to return upon opening package at Xmas -- have already printed the return packaging labels to be prepared.These keds are super cute and I love them! They fit comfortably and will go with almost any outfit. They fit well and I'd recommend them to everyone.Needed an ugly sweater, got an ugly sweater....smaller than thought it would besexy but for men that don't have large packages...simply doesnt fit inside the garmentit get damegThese earrings are beautiful, nicely sized and sturdy. I'm in love with amber and this was a great buy. The only "but" is that I was under the impression that the amber was a globe (completely rounded), but when I received them I found out that they're only globe-like on the front and flat on the back.

It's not a biggie though. I kept them and I really like them!I've never had "wide feet," but these fit pretty snugly right across the ball of my foot. I have a professional shoe stretcher, so I'm able to make these work. Length was perfect, however, with just about 1/2" of room to spare on both feet. I've only worn these for 4 days, so I cannot really speak to the build quality at this stage, but you aren't buying $300 dress shoes, so don't expect them to last for 10+ years.Wish I could give 3.5 stars. It does the trick, first shirt I've tried that actually blocked sweat. But it was also really thick and uncomfortable and heavy in the underarms, and completely visible even when buttoning my shirt up all the way because the neck is too high. Also really expensive for an undershirt.
Also, it looks like an undershirt with underarm pads, definitely cannot be worn on its own. So the fact that it also can't be worn under anything is a deal breaker.

All that said, it solves the problem. *if* they release low V necks I'd get more, especially if they were $20 instead of almost $40. As is, can't wear it under most things, so not worth it.Very heavy shoes, ran a little large on size.I ordered an extra-large.  I wear a 12/14.  It fits very tightly.  I do like the look and feel. I am hoping I can stretch it out a bit with washing.I had a pair of doc martens and they last forever. These shoes are the best. Fit as expected!It was too small. I  wear size XL, but ordered 2X just to make sure it fits. It came in small and didn't fit.It runs smaller than the size listed. Not happy. Quality good.Very hard for toddlers to walk in.  I expected more from
Carters.Great shoe, I bought this same shoe at the outlet for $75. The shoe has been discontinued and I would love to buy them (just my size 8.5M) but the price for $150 is outrageous.Colors are as they look on screen. I get compliments on this scarf or on my outfit every time I where it. It nice for any time of the year.I bought the jacket with the intention of staying warm. It does the job great and looks great too. Provides a really good fit on the body too.Way too small. Should have sized up twice.These boots are really not as warm as they advertise. I used the boots on a 4 day winter camping trip at 12,000 feet around 0*F and I was miserable the entire trip since my feet were so cold. I even added an additional wool insole for added warm which helped but still not sufficient. I think the main problem is that the boots run too small for winter footware. They fit true to size as a summer boot would, however, in the winter you want extra space for warm wool socks. Tight boots cut off circulation which cause cold feet.

The boots are not "waterproof" but do keep out the wet snow and ice well. However, if you step in a muddle, river or standing water your feet will get wet!

I got these boots at a very cheap price and therefor I've found value in them. However at full price these boots really aren't worth the money. There are boots much better in the price point.You get what you pay for.  I've had the wallet for a week and its already falling apart :(  oh wellClasp was brokenI have only had these shoes for roughly 2 months but have logged a lot of hours in them.  I work in a restaurant and am on my feet for long hours so needed a shoe that looked nice, kept my feet, knees and back comfortable and had the slip resistance required for the environment.

Pros: Fit very well.  High quality materials.

Cons:  Laces too long and thin requiring a multitude of knots to keep them off the floor.  Insoles were soft and squishy inside to begin with but are now flattened and don't really feel like the shoe has "broken in".  Non-slip was great for about a month, now I slip and slide all over.

Will probably switch back to Redwings.Ordered larger than I would normally need because item is made in China. Still too small.  Fabric is okay, not great. If I didn't have to pay return shipping I'd return it. Just not worth it. Lesson learned.Great item very well constructed.I wore it for three days and it turned color. Purchase it for AN occasion and you won't be disappointed, but don't expect anything more.Fits well, but make a loud rubbing sound when you walk, very noticeable. Like when you're wearing very thick tights.  Made me self-conscious.Perfect and light weight if you have to walk around as much as I do! You'll love them!!These shoes run small order 1/2 size largerI normally wear a size 14-16. I could not even get these past my butt. They are cute but too small. Had to send back.The bag is really good size, but the quality is not that great. I wish the quality was a little better.Pocket little to high.My mom got this for my hubby for Christmas. He loved the colour and the style.It's not very comfortable. :(The description says cotton, but they are in polyester. Don't like it at all.These are very poorly made. Not worth the money. The ears are not sewn to the hood, they were slapped on with a lot of glue.  Probably will end up returning it.Not a normal 3x, too smallLove the softness of the material but disappointed it fits small. Normally wear a 12/14 when I get t-shirts I usually go up a size for room. The XL I ordered actually fits more between a med/lg glad I had intentions to wear something over it any way!Comfy and stylish!These are fairly comfortable shoes.  They provide far more support than the other brands of slip-on shoes I've tried.  The soles are a little stiff for my liking and don't flex as easily as I'd like but that is minor.  They look great and I wear them every day.This is a nice heavy sweat shirt/jacket. Very practical for wearing it as a light weight jacket or under a jacket in really cold weather. Looked great after the initial washing. Will probably get more. Both my son and husband find them comfortable to wear.returnedafter a few dips in the lake I'm sure they will work fine a bit narrowI was very disappointed when I opened up the package only to find that the battery was dead.  I tried to change the battery myself and ended up breaking the watch in the process.  What a waste!
WayneJust bought these bad boys however, while I am a Prime member and spend a whole heck of a lot on Amazon, I did not buy these here but rather at an optometrist shop. So, I paid a premium for these glasses, over twice what they are selling for here so either these are a huge savings/discount/bargain or they are display pairs that have been packaged (as another reviewer speculated) or they are fake. I tend to think they are the second (displays). So that I have made my disclaimer, here are my impressions (and I have been through and owned a lot of sunglasses to make comparisons-Oakley, Maui Jim, Native, Costa Del Mar, Tifossi all with the same general style):
- very comfortable and light weight-much more comfortable than other brands with the same style
- they are big so make sure your cranium is up for the size of them. If so, they look good. I am borderline as to a big head and they look good on my ugly melon
- the lense quality is clear and decent light blocking but I think Native and Costa Del Mar are better. Not to say these aren't acceptable but the other brands have rolled out better technology in this area. I will say-these are not polarized so if you are after that, then these will not be for you.
-functionality-these are for casual use. They are not for sports-I.e. cycling, running etc.. If you want that, my recommendation is Oakley. I am a cyclist and runner and use strictly Oakley due to design and functionality. These will slip and fog and just not for that purpose
-coolness factor is high for ray ban and this style won't go out of style in a couple of years. It is a classic look.

So, if you have a fairly large head, looking for casual and/or driving glasses with decent optics, comfort and high cool factor then these will workas described. No frays or issues with them.Much smaller than described. I did return however if it has of fit it would have been an okay nursing tank top.Very cheaply madeDelivered damaged, and is needed for a party in 2 days.Like the ring, its just a little largeLove the shirt, just too small.This item came directly from China.  Ran very small.  Very disappointedGood shoesHarder running shoe than advertised. I Guess it's always better to try them on before you buy. Can't very well do that online. That being sad, it's a pretty good walking shoe.I am a 17 year-old girl in high school. I bought this backpack for school, obviously. This is an extremely durable backpack. I am an AP student, so I have many books, and this backpack can hold all of them with ease. I have only two issues with this backpack. The straps of the backpack are adjustable, but they tend to loosen easily. Sometimes, I will be walking down the hallway and I will feel my backpack slowly going lower and lower, but this only happens when I am carrying a lot of books in it. Also, the leather tag on the front pouch says something so stupid, so I had to cut it off. If you buy this, read the tag (not the one on the front, it's attached with a plastic thing). It is hilarious. Poorly translated English.. Overall, this is an okay bag. I would recommend this backpack to someone who doesn't carry a ton of books, though. Maybe middle school students?My daughter is a bit picky and she loves this shirt, it is a bit thin but she doesn't mind.  Fits as it should and seems to be good quality Have only washed a couple times and everything has come out fine.I got these gloves two days ago and the index and pinky finger on the gloves don't work.. :( but these gloves are really fun to mess with and if they more durable then they are so worth the money.. and it wasn't like i was abusing them there just really delicet gloves. but still really fun to mess with.Feels a little cheap for the price. Do yourself a favor and look at the Colareb straps instead.An attractive sturdy boot with a warm thick insert .  Boot made in North America.  Bought for two boys wearing size US13 shoe.  Fitted into size US1 boot comfortably.  Both boys happythis is a big shirt and fabric is thin.I've had something similar which were a bit larger. These fit better, but they are not as cushy as older version so I normally don't wear them all day, more like 6 hours. Disappointed somewhat as I was expecting to be able to wear them around the house all day for comfort and convenience.Nice material for the price. I wish they let you order a different pants and jacket size. I have to get a huge jacket just to get the pants size I need. ordered up 2 sizes like other reviewers suggested.The shoe provdes great support for flat feet. It is flexible and light. Fantastic shoe. Color is just as expected.I ordered a size bigger than I usually do and it was still too small.First of all, I asked for X Large.....I got XL SMALL....WTF is that?
Secontly, this arrives from Korea.
Third, I had it sent to another country as a gift.  They required the reciepent pay for additional charges.  NOT COOL.Pretty nice tie clip. Perfect size for a normal-width tie. It comes with a little box, which is cool, I guess.I love the quality and look of these shoes, so I plan to wear them a couple of hours a couple of times a week in hopes to break them in.To small :(Sandals were too small, and I wear a size 40. Sandal runs small. Returned item.I had to return these because the soles are too hard for me to wear comfortably. For someone without problem knees they would be fine.This watch has been on my wrist for an hour, so far so good, but this review is based on initial thoughts and impressions. First off, this seems like a very well built watch, it is heavier than I expected, one of my heavier watches now. It shipped VERY well packaged, completely wrapped front, back and all around the band and watch face and back, so not a scratch on it.  I will update my review once I have owned it a while to speak on its functionality and craftsmanship. My first impression is that for the money, this watch is a great deal!.These are great for helping to cut the cold. They aren't super warm but definitely take the edge off. They fit nice and snug so you can wear them under pants without looking or feeling bulky.not as expected; returnedIt is quite big, but I am only 5'3"/115lbs. I did have trouble figuring out which way it went but I got it eventually! It's SUPER soft, it will be great to cuddle up in this winter!Cute watch received at a reduced price in exchange for review. Very stylish and goes with anythingEverything came perfectDisappointed by the quality.  Each time I order these jeans I find the construction cheaper.  The button placket area is very thick with extra fabric so the placket bends out through my shirt.  I don't wear belts but to keep the waist area smooth I may need to wear one.  .It looks completely different from the pictureIt does fitThis particular item is not the same quality as the store version. I purchased this same belt from a department store just over a year ago. Appearance wise, it looks the same, even down to the "FOSSIL" on the loop of the belt. The quality of the material is not even close. The material of the one I just purchase feels cheap and not worth the price.usually wear a medium no problem. Deep V soooo deep it it exposed 2/3rds of my bra.when you tie up laces i cut my fingers on material very sharpMaterial is lovely and soft. Upper body fit was as expected but the area from the chest down to the waist band was incredibly boxy. Not a flattering fit.It didn't fit like other jeans of same size.Advertised as an adult size.  It was clearly a child's size shirt.  The original shirt tag said child's and the retailer place a sticker
on the inside of the neck line saying it was a men's small.  I assume they hope it is ordered and paid for and not returned.  How
dishonest!  Disappointed.Heavier than expected. Looked like previous lightweight trainers I purchased but are ok. Runs small.  Very good cushioning and colors are greatThe quality of the leather is excellent and I love the color.Bought these for my husband in the size he normally wears. They don't fit. Way too small.Boring, but does the job...Gloves are more like stove mittens but the rest of the outfit is solid. The robe is a great piece.Returned this, only because it was no longer needed. Otherwise pleased, great twist on TMNT character costumes, looks more appropiate for older boys.Absolutely love it, but it is starting to turn colorsI like it!I just received my Invicta #7423.,this is my 12th Invicta and by far, one of my favorite ones. The look and color is amazing. As always, I received great customer service form Amazon.com. If your looking for a Invicta watch, look to Amazon.com.
DwightIt didn't fit or hang the way I wanted it too.Quality appeared good.  If you were to use roll-on with the carry on it would look like 2 carry ons.  The roll on is a little too large , and with the giant strap carry on its way too big. If I filled the roll on it would weight 50-60 lbs. and I easily could fill the shoulder bag too 40 lbs. (Then the straps would break) ReturnedI have other pairs of Dr. Scholl's shoes, so I thought I'd try this wedge boot.  When I put them on, I noticed that they were very comfortable and sized perfectly.  I wore them for the first time on Thanksgiving and they remained comfortable for the entire day, even with all of the cooking, cleaning, arranging that I did.well i am a large chest female and i thought this bra would be more supportive then the Bali but i found it not to be. at least for me.Ok fore the moneyI use them as house slippers, as they are more durable than true "slippers"  I can wear all day.  Not a loafer fan outside of the house, so I have not walked or exercised with them, but they would be fine.  I'm more of a "lace up" guy for exercise.They are way too heavy.  It feels like running with bricks attached to my feet.  I had a bad Asics experience about 4 years back.  This was a second chance, but it may be at least another 4 years before I try them again.Awesome!Not a fan of the shirt. It's not flattering in any way. It's like a wearing a towel.The shoe did not meet my expectations. I thought it would make running easier and more enjoyable due to the "spring" in the shoe. The shoe was better for waking and not running. The "spring" and thick sole only makes the shoe heavier.Love it. Total pain in the butt to get into by yourself but fits like you think it would. In cooler weather it's fun to wear if it gets hot outside you sweat to death in the costume. Easy to setup once you get it the fan does help cool a little. It's a little dangerous working with giant reptiles in it but Trex meets Alligator was a neat experience.Love the fact that i did not have to order a large number of rings
however they are a bit thinner than i expected .Very nice looking and fitting sneaker.  Always get compliments.  They run a half size small for me.  My street shoe is size is 10.5.  I wear these in an 11. This is my 3rd pair...different colors of course.  The elastic laces are a cool set up too.Love these shoes, but the stap came off the base after a few monthsI like it! The adjustable tie work wonders for the little ones!Best jacket I've ever owned!I like that its portable but the small is too short an narrow and the medium is just about as narrow but as long as a large should be.
Long story short, the small is too small & the medium too is too long. A hood would be nice too.My son has sensory issues, and these are great for him. Very comfortable and give him feeling of " no shoe" but the support of one for running/ playing.After about the 6th time I wore this belt the stitching came apart from the part that connects to the main part of the belt. This makes it not usable.
The quality is TOTALLY inadequate.Took no time to break in. More comfortable than my tennis shoes.Fit a little snug in the waist and not as soft and stretchy as some other brands. I was happy to find plain white briefs, though, as they are sort of hard to find at Target, Wal-mart, etc. Hubby seems to be ok with them.I like the overall configuration -- slide-in with two straps. That's why I got these, to replace a similar style no-name pair I loved that finally wore out after many years.

This style is great for easily switching between barefoot and shod, yet it looks substantial enough to count as a shoe when you're in public, not like you're wearing something that only belongs on the beach.

I wish the fasteners of the Birks were velcro instead of buckles, so you could adjust them more precisely. (Velcro worked very well on my old no-name pair.)

Unfortunately the soles of the Birks are uncomfortable, for me anyway. There's a fairly deep foot-shaped indentation in the sole that looks like it's supposed to cradle your foot, except in my case the contours of my feet don't line up with the contours of the sole, so the high spot on the sole pokes into my foot. Also, this indentation tends to collect pebbles. If a pebble bounces onto the sandal it will fall in and stay under your foot rather than fall out. Too clever by half.

They are acceptable so I'm keeping them, because I cannot find any alternatives with the two straps. It's disappointing that I had to pay 3x the price of my old no-name pair for something not as comfortable.They were very good in the second trimester and beginning of the third, but in the last month they became very loose, especially in the top part.
Not too warm or too hot and they helped me wear regular shorts that didn't fit once my belly was getting bigger.Need to return.  Sizing is too big.Didn't fit like an older pair I had, so I sent them back. I've noticed with Levi's that depending on what country of manufacture that is located on the tag will determine how they will end up fitting. The older pair I had were made in Mexico. These were made in Lesotho. Side note: Search for a CBS article regarding the Gap/Levis textile factory there.Socks came in a wrong colour, and sizes were not all the sameDoes not stay wrappedThe picture was very opaque compared to the women's and kid's shirts.Not cotton,The product I received is labeled 75% cotton 25% polyester, and not 100% cotton as advertised. Also, the washing instructions on the label call for cold washing (30 degrees centigrade), which is unacceptable for underwear in my opinion. That said, the product looks and feels good (though it's easy to tell it's not 100% cotton), and fits me well. I'll see how it survives hot washing...Love the color and the sweater. It was a little small but if I would have gotten a bigger one it would have been too big.Love these shoes!  So cute and comfortable!Little tighter than other brands of same size.Chain was tarnished and discolored with what looked like rust.  Unusable, unwearable and will be returned.  Realize it was cheap, but expected at least a "gold" colored chain my 7 year old daughter could wear, but no such luck.The fabric started to pill sooner than I would have expected, but they're comfy and I like them anyway.The black watches face is not sliver as advertised. It is gold. That's the only problem I have with my order.I bought this pants for my husband. He likes Dockers and this one fits him perfectly. The material is good just like Dockers; never disappointed. The price is decent.Ive used this 2x. It fell completely apart.  Poorly made. I do not recommend.The hat design looks better in the photo.The color was exactly what I was looking for which was a lavendar color.  The only issue I have with this top is that the straps pucker a little. I ordered a medium and I'm a 36 C if that helps anyone.  The rest of the top fit just right.  It came in a reasonable amount of time.Bought for daily 3 mile walk on city sidewalk. Wore down bottoms faster than I would have thought, but will likely buy another pair as they are comfortable.best pair of clubmasters you can get without spending a crap load of money . they fit perfect & look amazingThe thread holding the soul came out on my first trip not sure if this is a regular problem or just my experience but was not happy spending the money on a boot that gave out the first tripCute swim suit but very odd fitting.  I ordered this a size bigger than normal for my daughter and it fit much smaller.ThanksThe watch stopped working correctly on the same day that it was opened.  I will be ordering new watches for the children as these were a waste of money.Its ok it looks better on the model than me fits ok but wish the shorts where longer other than that okI liked these shoes, the tongue is a little loose and floppy. Otherwise, these are great shoes with classic design.I like the other style better. The arm cuffs are tights making rolling up your sleeves almost impossible. They're also made of a felt like material which is weird and not very sanitary for the hospital.Returned, too small.  They would have been great shoes, but just run a bit small.  The one star is not about the quality of the show.BEAUTIFUL. This was placed on the wall above my granddaughter's crib. With wording added, it looks perfect.this shirt did not fit as expected.I agree that the comfort of the Shape Up is unmatched in any shoe I've ever had.  However, on this style, I agree that the straps are terrible.  They do often come undone, unless you line up the Velcro PERFECTLY and don't do anything like kneel down.  Just stupid.  They look nice enough for office casual, which is why I bought them.I have no idea what material these zre made of,  but they hzve z terrible odor.  There is no arch and no cushioning.
I will give them a good airing out befor spring and put in the insoles from my Skechers.  They really are very pretty
 and different.
  The only reason I'm not retur ing them is because the regular return process is a pain in the butt,  unless merchandise is
damaged.I order a 2x. Got this item faster then expected and in great condition. Material is nice and not scratchy. The only issue I had was that it runs a bit small in size. I would recommend but get one size larger. over all im happyHat fits perfect!!!!Far too small around the back (I looked at available charts and read reviews prior to determining my size). Colors were nice.Print is small and dark. The fit is long and somewhat slime but that worked perfect for my Man!!No stretchA good shoe, but my wife was fortunate to try it on at a store first and realize they run a half size too small.The first pair that I had received were way too big but I was able to get them returned fast.  When I received the smaller size they fit great.  The only thing I wish I might have known is that they are a bit long I'm about 5 7" and about 115lbs so they tend to drag and get caught on my shoes.My shirt was delivered today and theres no t rex on it. I am very disappointed.Great fit and Clarity bifocals as advertisedThese are really cute. Beautiful color nice and soft. The only problem is they create so much static it makes my hair stabd on end and I am a waking ball of static electricity... If there was a gas leak I would be quite dangerous. I tried washing... used bounce... same problem... we have a humidifier so it is not that the air is super dry. It bums me out they are so pretty, my boyfriend loves them... but I hate being staticky.I love these things. I look like a total idiot wearing them. I'm going to rock these socks all winter longHappy 4 year old. Just slightly too long on him. Wouldn't take it off but we ditched the mask as it was so incredibly stinky. Strong smell of chemicals and plastic. Just made a small fabric mask for across his eyes and he was just as happy. Stuffed his "shell" with poly fill from a pillow and that worked well. He wanted to know why I didn't get him weapons. Silly me. He went and got a nerf gun and put it in his belt.After reading other reviews, I bought 1 size larger and very satisfied. Sure it's cheaper, lighter, thinner sole than Crocs, but decent quality and fit , especially for half the pricePicture is deceiving.  Does not have grooves and came darker.They are amazing!!!!Beautiful wallet. Almost perfect design. Slip or Velcro touch pocket on outside would be icing on top.I ordered for a Christmas present. It was exactly as described.okRuns small. Buy atleast 2 sizes uplittle tightdidn't stay on the earsBeautifully gives class to most any outfit.  Great gift!Great material but much smaller fit that expected, too tight to wear for a full day. Advised to order one size bigger than usual.runs smallI was quite disappointed with this product. I had to trash several of my pieces as they turned almost black after I soaked them. I ensured that I followed the instructions carefully before use. I will definitely not reorder.Not even close to what it said it was.It stinks. Maybe mothballs? I'll have to wash it and see if that helps. But the size is right for my fat head and it should help mitigate working in a -20 degree freezerPurchased this for my husband for Christmas, I know he will love it. It's a very solid and masculine piece. Love it!fits great everywhere but my breast... this dress will fit funny if you have small breastI like this product, it is what is on description. I enjoyed it. Good product.I bought this for a gift for my husband, he broke his first binary watch, he took one look at it and handed it back to me. It is really thick and clunky.These are not spandex and are very small.Nice looking but cheaply made!I was disappointed with this ring.  The red garnet stone in the center is pretty, but everything else looks so cheap.  When I saw the ring, my first thought was, "Cracker Jack prize."

The gold tone is more orange than the yellow tone shown in the photo.  The pounded silver "stones" on the outside border look garish.  The ring itself is very large, as wide as my finger, not subtle, not sophisticated, not feminine.  And overpriced.The keg of these jeans are too wide. I have the same style in a size 38 x30 and these ones are 38x32 but the legs are way wider. Are these seconds? I am mystified.I didn't want black, only brown polish,Pierde el color de la primera posturaWish I'd known these existed years ago.WAYYYY too large and I usually wear XL. Some places the threading was a bit rough. But the size is really out of proportion.I purchased these on May 19.
I write this review on July 28 as I toss them out. They literally came apart at the seams after being worn 15 - 20 times.it was very pretty!This is just distasteful. No other word for it but distasteful. No wonder our youth is falling apart. I search for GS items and this is what I am looking at. Whoever designed this ought to feel ashamed in every way.this best item in world i was ecstatic when getting this item. it fits my sleeping bag  and lots lots more. it has extra pockets for stuff for water bottles smaller items that don't need to go in bigger area of luggage. . it to big for some airlines but it works well for train trips. this go well with luggage locks buy a couple because things has like 3 or 4 pockets that have zippers. the wheels wok great with ease. no matter how heavy it gets it handles it.. and now a update. the wheel sheared off only after traveling about 5 miles . it not durable at alll. don't buy unless want to use warrenty for product hope they refund or replace it.A bit snug and did not say whether it was preshrunk.  Since it was 100% cotton, I returned it to avoid the possibility of it getting smaller.Bought for my grandson who is a 2x in tshirts, but it is small so will have to return for refund since they do not have next size up. Appears to be of good quality, just a sizing issue.Cheap looking Bucky I just did not like the fit...I did not like fabric . The jacket was just tacky....sorry.comfortableI love this necklace it is a beautiful necklace just is cheap it has already broken after a week sad too I really liked it.Decent boot for the price. Very comfortable.I want to return this ASAP  message me pleaseSmaller than expected, but still a very cool pendant.Love the legging, fits great. But my design was not lined up properly and that really is upsetting. Kinda throws off the entire look.Decent looking shoes, but they look better in the picture then in person.Bought these for my hubby for Christmas and he loves them.  He especially likes unlined moccasins that are soft on in the inside and appreciates the double sole on the exterior for durability.  This pair should last quite a while.  His previous pair was so worn out that there were holes in the soles, but he kept wearing them because they were so comfortable otherwise.  Just a perfect gift so do get these as the quality is superb.I'll start with the pros. The fabric is really soft and the colors are rich. I ordered 2 of the red and one blue, thinking they would make great gifts. The design of the shirt is cute. Shipping was fast and they arrived on time in individual zip bags which I thought was nice.

Now the cons. After reading the reviews and having a clear understanding that this product is made in Asian sizing, I took the advice and ordered 2 sizes larger in the red and 3 sizes larger in the blue. They are all way too small for the intended recipients. The shirts don't have that flowy look. They are clingy and snug even in the larger size she ordered. Normally I wear a 14 in shirt size, I'm busty. So I ordered the 2X for myself and a 2X and 3X for gifts. I can typically wear a large to an extra lg depending on the shirt. This 2Xl is not loose anywhere. Also just like other reviews said, the cutouts in the sleeves are so small, they look kind of ridiculous. The sleeve itself is very snug on the arms. Not at all like the picture, even in the bigger sizes purchased. I was curious so I had my sons girlfriend try one of the 2X shirts on. She is probably between an 8 and a 10 in clothing sizes. The top of the shirt fit her the same way. Tight across the bust, cutouts look too small, and the sleeves are snug. The rest of the shirt did fit her in a flowy way. In addition the strange seams that cut across from the armpit to the neckline makes the shirt look like there was no thought put into the pattern design. It's totally an obvious seam too, not a small hidden seam that can be overlooked.
Overall, I would not recommend buying this shirt unless you can order it 4 sizes bigger than you normally wear. Even then the fabric is clingy, it does not move, but rather sticks to your body almost like static. I would return the shirts but I'm sure the shipping back to China's would not be worth it, although I will attempt to see what can be done.They are very nice and well made.  Unfortunately, they are rather high cut on the top and I find this is a bit uncomfortable for me.....I received my glasses with the one lens out. I was able to pop it back in. Other than that the glasses are cute and are super lightweight.The jeans are tough, though a little to tough. They can stand on their own.This "assorted" fashion briefs are NOT assorted as others have said! I thought I was getting an "assorted" pack in "heather stripes." They are ALL exactly the same color heather stripes so they are not different colored stripes. This is probably not  a big deal to a boy and maybe not important to have everything the same unless you are a Mom and have 5 boys and you want your youngest to have all striped briefs,  your oldest to have plaid boxes, and your middle boy to have solids briefs. As a Mom though I really wanted different colored briefs so to distinguish if my stinky sweaty boys were wearing the same underwear 3 days in row!!! When they ALL look EXACTLY the same who knows?  This isn't socks you need to be exactly alike so that you can match them easily... this is underwear. Not returning and will donate.not so niceAwesome...dazzling luster..looks like areal diamond oneThey were a lot smaller than they were pictured other than that they were lovelyRuns very small, nice print; would have loved it if it actually fitted.Very big and badBeautiful shoe...but around the ankle area is large.  Beware permissions with slender legs and ankle area.  Also the grip on the bottom of the shoe is not very good.  Slipped on a rainy day...Bought these boots for casual wearing at work in my office, and just around town. They are clearly not a work boot, but a lifestyle boot.
They're super comfortable and lightweight, but plagued with problems.
A) Laces are horrible. Came apart after 2 days. No worries, replaced with a quality set of laces for a few bucks.
B) After 5 weeks, the finish on the front cap of the boot began to separate. It started as a small spot, and blossomed into a large area on both boots. They appear to be leather, but the distressed finish is some type of synthetic material that is not durable, and not bonded well to the boot.
C) Eyelet holes are loose on both boots and one has come apart altogether.

I really wanted to like these boots, as I have a pair of black Kunsto brogues that I like a lot. Unfortunately, I would be better off with another option.The shoes came right on time like everything else I buy from Amazon. First off when I got the package I discovered there was no box provided, it's was in basically a plastic bag. The shoes right off the bat looked great, just as shown in the picture, however at a closer look you can see the glue residue where he soul and the actual shoe are attached. Not great but I can live with it. After a few hours of wearing the shoes one of the metal fittings for the laces came off which means it's not the greatest of craftsmanship efforts on this product. Finally the overall feel, the shoes fit absolutely perfect. The biggest flaw however it the complete absence of arch support. I'm an Asset Protection associate which means I'm always on my feet chasing after shoplifters. These shoes look professional but can really be a killer for someone who's constantly moving around, my suggestion is to buy soul inserts to make them feel more comfortable. Overall I'd say these are pretty average shoes, with most brands costing $100 these $20 shoes are pretty worth it, if they get ruined you can just buy another pair again for $20. Not a bad deal.Not what I expected too thin and not quite big enough...just as it was advertised. great for what i wanted.Very niceThey look bigger that the actual size.  I could've ordered one size smaller and it would still fit.It was ok. It ripped on me my first useRan a little large but very soft and very comfortable.Great value, good productI can see how some people love this sandal. It has a soft cushioning that your foot rest on that makes them feel very comfortable and pillow like.... however economically my foot still moves around the sandal too much and feels slippery.  I've almost fallen a couple times  in this because you kind of slide inside of the sandal  and turns sideways ... even if you have it tightened down on the top.  So I'm going to have to prefer a sandal that has a better our support and better grip for the bottom of your foot so the sandal doesn't slide around on your foot. So walking with the sandal is not good and slippery feeling but standing still is pleasurableI loved these shoes and wore them nearly every day for 5 or 6 months. And, then they ripped open at the bottom. Not the quality you would expect from Clarks.Just enought crystals to make it a little dressy. It looks good with the black band. I love the fact that it is solar.  I wish Seiko had put more information about the battery and how to charge it. I guess it just needs to be out in the sun to keep it going.I had to throw it away as the magnet snap broke away from the leather after using it so often.  My nylon brown messenger bag however is still doing fine.It fit when I tried it on but there was some problems with it. The zipper was broke and the skirt was too long like a nuns skirt which is not how Hatsune Miku's skirt is supposed to be.Fits on the small side for my 2 year old.  The crotch of the bodysuit is a velcro closure & it keeps coming undone.  After only a few more wears after Halloween, the costume is already coming apart.  My kids usually continue to use their Halloween costumes for dress up play, but was not able to do much of that with the poor quality/construction of this product.This shoe is uncomfortable  like a pice of wood  . On arch area is really hard and uncomfortable . I tried it with two pair of socks , just made it little bit better . On end if shift i was crying from pain at my arch area. I wasted my money and i never wear this shoes again .THE GOGGLES! THEY DO NOTHING!It took these longer to come than I was told they would. When they did come they were much smaller than an XXL would be. More like a medium to a large if you are thin. The material is a cheap type of slick materialI ordered a M (6-8) my son wears a 5 and none of it fit him. I expected it to be a little big and he ended up having high-waters and a hat that he couldn't even fit on his head. My daughter is in 3t and it fit her perfect. The sizing is totally off on this! I will be sending back. Even tho the sizing is incorrect - the quality is not horrible and its a cute costume.great shoes, very comfortable! Very stiff at first.I was not a fan of this belly band. It tended to roll up, leaving me with plumbers crack, which is what I was trying to avoid since I could no longer wear a belt with by bigger belly. It was pretty thin, and the white was basically see through. The logo in the inside of the top also made it so I could not fold down the band to try and mediate these other two drawbacks, and it was stitched such that folding it down made it look like I was wearing a layering shirt inside out.

I wore it once and probably won't wear it again. I'd rather wear the BellaBand I got into the ground as it is designed to fold down and is thicker and has rubber around the bottom that keeps it from rolling up.It's very cute but chain tarnished within days of first use. My skin is sensitive so it made me itchy-- so beware for those like me with sensitive skin!These are well made sandals with great arch support. I have worn them nearly every day for an entire summer and they are still in great shape.I have the black and white stripped skirt as well. I LOVE the way it fits! Hugs all the right places and is very flattering!great material, good top but poorly fitted bottomssomewhat smallCheaply made.This item has brought new flare to my sons look! Its comfortable for him stylish and perfect for 50 degree weather!Beautiful designs and stitching but the strap was thin and flimsy.Was thinking of returning this because it just wasn't very shiny compared to the other Alex and ani I bought at the hallmark store. Also the imprinted name on the backside is off centered, when all my other bracelets are perfectly lined up. I guess I'll keep it. Didn't feel like returning it-- and I bought it with a gift cardFun lingerie, panties weird shape so I tossed them.

Can't complain, instead of handwashing, put through wash a few times and didn't fall apart.The sides of the rubber soles cracked within the first year.LOVE this bra.  Very comfortable, doesn't ride up, no wires digging in.  Also gives great support.  Wish I could get in a size 32C instead of 34C, but I don't think that size exists.....sigh.  Also, cost much less than buying in dept. store.i went up a size for the baggy look and it was still fitted not the baggy look like the pic at all. but still a good shirtGood watchband, easy to put on in the morning, very comfortable all day long and I like the way it looks.ok, I love the look of the swimsuit but unless you have a nicely toned bum, it will look small. It fits though! its more the fit than anything, its still a beautiful suit though!They were a little larger than my other Gloria Vanderbilt Amanda jeans I had previously purchased at Kohl's. Other than that they are great!I ordered my regular shoe size after reading the reviews, but the boots seemed larger than my regular size. I would like to see half sizes because I feel that if I ordered a full size smaller, they would be too small. I ended up wearing heavy wool socks with them and they fit better. Beautifully made and cute as can be.I have always run in the Gel Kayano and this is a similar fit.  Great fit and support.  Perhaps the best shoe I have found for walking the course.  My only complaint would be that it is on the heavy side.I am consistently a size twelve in every brand I've tried and these shoes were small. I was able to wear them for a costume party but they pinched. Closer to an elevenWish they were made with heavier material.It was a little too tight around the neck. Just not the right style fit for me. Great shirt otherwise. But I will be returning.Very disappointed. This is very cheaply made. The suit itself came with small holes in the sleeves with strings just hanging out. The helmet is just a plastic front mask thats flimsy and sharp around the edges. Definitely not something I would feel safe to allow my child to wear.Very "cheap" looking. I returned.Excellent costumeThe medal proportion looks bigger in the photo in relation with the chain when in fact, the actual medal is much smaller compared to the size of the chain.  I liked the fact that it doesn't have a clasp to break but it can be tricky getting it over a man's head.The bra is comfortable, but unfortunately the petals are causing irritation. I've had them 2 mos and have only worn them a few times. Into the trash since the return window has ended. If anyone knows how to clean the cup and remove the residue from the sticker, please advise. I believe that's what's causing the irritation. I've hand washed and machine washed and can't get it out.The cutting isn't as good as expected. The parts under the armpits are poorly stitched, making these parts bulging out.The color is off from what it looks like in the picture. The purplish color actually looks like a maroonish/dark brown. The material is soft but feels heavy while wearing it. Not a bad scarf. Will still wear it.a good shoe to wear on a daily basisReally good shoesDid not fit wellShould have ordered a SIZE MEDIUM instead of SIZE LARGE.  Belt was too long originally.  So after expected stretch it is significantly way LONG.  Would suggest you order smaller size to allow for stretch.it's a basic long sleeve t-shirt. Suggest you order up a size (or don't dry it after washing) as mine has shrunk quite a bit through just two washingsOkay, but just enough too big that they are uncomfortable in the water, or coming up out of the pool.Bad fit for me.  ReturnedI had bought these same shoes about 8 years ago, and they were so comfortable, that I was excited when my first pair finally fell apart to order this next pair.  However, the toe area of the shoe was smaller and therefore it took me a while to break them in. In fact, I am still working on that, and it is happening but slower than usual.  Also, the rubber sole is much harder, where these shoes use to have some give, which I loved because I jump around a lot in my job.  All in all, I still wear them, but just wish they were as comfy as my last pair.Very pleased.Big heavy sweat pantsThey smell a little strange. They should smell sweety as the same pair I bought last year. But in fact, they smell very bad. So I am a litttle dispointed with the shoe.Their okay, nothing special.These are some nice looking shoes but they hurt like hell. The front digs into my footThe thought of ordering jewelry online really didn't cross my mind. A friend said I should try it I didn't want to go to expensive just in case they didn't get to her. They where nice but the size threw me off. They are a little bit small for her ear but she still loved them.Great fit. Awesome with leggings. Extremely comfy.Love these pants look really good on my six year old son.  They are great for his parkour classes.I did heed the reviews and ordered these a half size bigger than usual.  Even then it was
nearly impossible to squeeze my foot through the narrow,  inflexible opening of the "slip on"
boot.  Extremely uncomfortable.  Returned.They suck barely stick togetherGood quality shirt. Good brown color.They fit and look good except the "v" got smaller and show under shirts.  But they were a good value.Very pretty but way too big for my 4 month old baby. Ended up giving it to my older toddler niece who's a year oldThis shoe is not a good value for the money.  Returned as soon as I saw the cheap injection molded sole and heel.  This is a $45 dollar shoe.Underwear fall apart in the wash before you even get to wear. Hanes quality just isn't there anymore better to look for other company optionIt is a bit large as my foot is very narrow, but I can't find shoes that fit me here in Mexico, so I am thrilled to know that I can now order them from the USA. Besides they were delivered a couple of days after I had ordered them and the date that had been given for delivery was the 22nd. So the fast delivery was a wonderful surprise.The pump is very cute and comfortable.  Unfortunately, the right shoe makes a loud squeaky noise as I walk. So I had to turn it.Nothing specialThe only reason I give 3 stars is the whole not being able to choose your own colors and they've marked the small size as being size 6/8 - a bit misleading.

A note on size - my son is a 7-yr old, tall size 8... But I ordered the small based on the reviews that they 'ran big'. Should've gone with my gut - he's definitely a medium but not a size 10.Pretty, but useless as they don't fit in any of the holes in any shoes in the house & that includes child & adult sneakers & my husband's size 12 boots. The metal on the ends is too big. Looks like they might be long enough to replace the hood tie on a child's hoodie.Way too big. I have to send them backPoor quality fabric. The cut is way too low on the pants, had to return it.I'm usually a large and sometimes an extra large, so I ordered the biggest size available, a 2x. The fit is so snug that I feel like I'm wearing a wet-suit! If you order it, get it at least 2 sizes larger than you normally would!superbI like this type of skirt and was hoping for a great fit in consideration with the fact that it's spandex, however, the waist is super tight and not as elastic as I'd like...it pinches and the rest of it is nice and loose...I gave it to my friend as a gift since she is a bit tty hinder than me.Material very thin, but wearing it in 50's degrees weather found it comfortable.  Might work well as a liner for folks who don't like itchy wool hats directly on there heads.broken before I could I put it on! Not worth the money. Plus the star in the middle wasn't red. Seemed strong but not put together well! I returned for refund!Great productMy daughter loves these slippers, they really shine at bed time when the lights are mostly off. They light up the place. Awesome slippers!product had strange glue/plastic all over the stones.. jewels were glued on crooked. earing needle was bent; Made poorlyIcky knit. Feels more polyester than cotton. Awkward squared off shoulders and unflattering cut. The slit is weird. It's very frumpy and unflattering. I purchased the S/M and normally wear a size 4. It isn't that it didn't fit. It's just a dumpy cut and more of a figure hider than a flatterer.A-OK except for the depth of the front pockets - which were designed to be too shallow - plus no button/snap on wallet pocket.I tried them on and they feel ok,  but there is not much space between my big toe and the end of the boot. I thought that there would be more since I wear size 71/2 sometimes and 8 sometimes. The boot feels pretty roomy otherwise.I like these sneakers a lot.. however ...for a wide width ...it is not true to size although it fts and it is comfortable.I've ordered several Adrianna Papell dresses and I've never been disappointed - except for this dress. The slip is so clunky and heavy and the dress looks plain cheap - including the jeweled neckline. The zipper is of such low quality that I could barely unzip the dress. Adrianna Papell needs better quality control for clothes she is getting manufactured in China. This dress is going back.I won't be ordering this again this order was just a disappointment. First the color definitely off. Second it ripped off the first time I wore it.Latch broke after the second time worn.My shoes fit perfectly. Granted they not leather; but I wear them for a few hours with pants @ a bowling center. The overall design is good; however, my first trial run went badly for my style & game....I kept getting stuck going up to the foul line...there was no slide on the sole of the shoe....which caused me to chuck my swing, ball dropping on the lane & out of control. How long is the break in period, I don't know. Keep you posted...These shoes run very small, and they are narrow!  I ordered a bigger size, and they were still too small.  I would have exchanged them, but the color was COMPLETELY OFF!  They are bright orange in the picture, but almost a brown orange out of the box.  Not even close!!  I'm very disappointed!Not too large, but it is roomy....Very nice. They also came with rubbers backs. The feathers were much more dusty rose than maroon like in the picture. They were also a lot longer than I thought they would be. They still looked good, I just wish they were more maroony.Very comfortable, great material, very sharp.Love love love these shoes. Great cushioning, great fit for my narrow foot but with a comfortable roomy toe box. After wearing them one week, I bought another pair to keep as a backup off when these wear out.These are very nice looking shoes, they look as though they should cost more then what they do. They were delivered faster then stated. They do not fit as I thought they would though. Other then that they are ok.wrong color and as a result I had to return them.  I do love lindsey phillips shoes, but the color was not what I wanted or expected.I love these shirts as they are 'thick' and feel like a quality item as opposed to the paper thin ones being sold these days.  My only complaint is that they are a hint on the tight side.  I wear a 42 regular jacket and always by large, these are just a little smaller than I would like.  I will try XL on the next order.They are very soft, like gloves, and would use them to run 5 or 10 k, the foot is very rested. I loved.It was way too small for a larger chested person.A little bigger than expected, I usually am a size 8.5. Should have have gotten these maybe a size smaller. Doesn't matter, they're pretty decent. No comparison to my old Merrells.
Update. Purchased more minimalist shoes and those compared to these. These suck. Not really minimalist feel. Have somewhat of a heel. The fit isn't great. The upper shoe and the sole become smelly after only one wear no matter how much I wash them with baking soda vinegar and even machine washing. Don't recommend.Beautiful top.  Much tighter fit that most It Figures tops.  Had to return.Pretty good fit and tucks well into bootsNice shirtI am 152cm (just under 5 feet) and these things barely fit from toe to crouch! I'm not made of legs, I'm fairly proportioned, so I'm a little irritated that a short woman can't wear these. Worse, I bought the jointed-doll pattern. If I pull the legs to where they should go to suit the pattern I would have to pull the waistband down to my hip. Maybe it was a manufacturer defect, but it would cost me more to return them, and they were cheap enough I'm not out much, but I was hoping my small stature would fit them. Maybe they are better suited someone closer to 120cm.Decent price. After about 3 months of constant wearing the black is starting to come off in placesI love the shoe but unfortunately they are narrow and they have an extremely strong chemical smell. It took sitting opened inside my cold garage for days just for the odor to dissipate only halfway. The length and feel of them are great, just can't zip them all the up- if the zipper had a little bit of elastic around it then they would be a perfect 5. Oh- shipping from China took way longer(it took well over 5 weeks) than other items I've ordered from there.Ordered a large, which I typically wear in shorts. I was disappointed to see how oddly placed the lines were in these shorts. Made them bunch up in weird places. But the shorts were nicely lined and I did love the stretchy, soft waistband. I was going to order a larger size, but decided against it.This rides up and very hot materialI have both positive and negative comments about this sandal. Positive: the white Eve sandal arrived looking exactly like the photos on website and the orthoheel footbed is geniously engineered. I purchased these in hopes of relieving heel pain from plantar fasciitis and boy did they! The negative, and it's a big one, is the top of the sandal cut into my foot so badly I have to wear band aids to walk in them. I wore these in the house before taking them outside and they felt comfortable. The photo was taken  after wearing the Eve daily on a 7 day beach vacation , the cuts are beginning to heal but believe me, they were painful and tender and unsightly. I had to apply three layers of band aids as cushion to prevent opening the cuts over and over. Unfortunately, I cannot return them since I wore them outside ( learned this in an email from seller ) so I am keeping them , knowing I will have to pad the top of each foot every single time I wear them.  This is one of two Vionic thong style sandals I wore for 7 days. Unfortunately both the Polina and Eve cut the skin on the top of my feet.These are long for the sizing. I have a high instep so the strap didn't sit well. I ordered  size smaller, normally wear 8.5 in Clarks. They were too long and wide. Clarks tends to adjust the sizing based on whether or not socks should/could be worn. These are definitely sized to be worn with socks. Returned for a refund.Broke first week.Really really really tight around the ankles.Great Price! Excellent quality shoe.Super soft and cozy. Size L is a roomy size. I am size 12 and was thinking about getting XL,glad that ended up ordering L. The length is nice. Exactly what I wanted!The other reviews did state this was somewhat sheer, and to wear shape wear underneath, but depending on your taste, you may also want to wear a slip.  I was wearing it out in public, so I ended up wearing a white t-shirt and shorts underneath.  Otherwise, it would have been too racy for my taste.Nice garment...no covering on the pee area...your business just hangs out the garment...not happy about that...not good if you had surgery under your arms, no under arm support...but overall, okI love the style of these shoes.  They are inexpensive and classic.  They also seem to be pretty narrow esp in the toebox.  I have a true size 10 D width foot and usually where a size 10 or even a 10.5 in street shoes depending on the fit.  I went with a 10.5 in these and they ended feeling a bit long but still kinda tight across the top.  after relacing and walking around I realize that's its just the way the show is cut.  I could have gone with a 10 for the length but then the show would have been too crowded at the toes and felt even more narrow.  If your trying to size them up to allow for a thumbs width beyond your longest toe then the go the extra 1/2 size.  if your still sizing your shoes the old fashioned way (a nails width extra beyond the big toe) then your street shoe size will likely work IF you don't have a wide foot.  The quality seems ok.  These are very light shoes with thin nylon on the upper.  They do not feel heavy or "constructed" by todays standard at all. I wish they were a little more neutral in the heel drop but I wouldn't be running or exercising in these anyway.  These are strictly fashion sneakers in my opinion and they are damn good at that.  Esp with all the choice in colorways!I bought this for my great granddaughter. Will give it to her next weekend. I absolutely LOVE it. The quality and design are awesome!! I can't wait to see it on her.Nice boot. Ahold be higher and larger. Bought 1/2 size up and they were stll small!  Kimik makes great bootThis was a nice little cross that I had purchased as a gift for a young friend. I have bought literally dozens of pieces of sterling silver jewelry from Amazon and never have I received one this dark and tarnished. The insert actually mentioned that 'tarnish is a normal thing with sterling silver' etc.  Not this level of tarnish.  I had to work really hard to clean it up in order to give it as a gift. Even my old pieces rarely get this bad and I just keep them in a regular jewelry box. Anyway, if you do not mind having to work on your gifts, then this cross is okay. Not that pretty, but okay.Not sure if I ordered the wrong size or not. Too many sizes to choose from!! The one I received was way too big!Could be a tad bigger to knot easier.very hard and unflexible belt, seems better here at amazon's, but it's cheapie, Idon't think that the upperside is leatherReally like this pattern. Colours go very nicely together. Great fit and nice light material.The shoelaces were too small so I had to put my own other then that i like itI had some trouble fitting this into the umbrella compartment in the Genius Pack G3 Carry On for which it was designed.  I finally got it in, with more effort than it should have been.

Otherwise the umbrella is OK, but not great, due to its small size.  It's one of those very small umbrellas that will provide some protection from the rain, but don't expect coverage like you might expect from a big golf umbrella.It kind of bunches up on my waist but still a good purchase for the cost! I wish I had a nude one for when I wear white shirts, but overall it has been a good purchase. It's comfortable enough to wear all day under my clothes. I haven't work it long enough to tell whether it will 'shape' my waist the way I hope it will.I ordered "Dockers" but what I received were "Savane" shorts??? The good news is that they fit very well and look like they are quality made.It does run small.  Thankfully I ordered an XL.  No tags so don't know what size it is.  Very thin material..great for warm weather.  It's a snug fit.  I'm gonna keep it.Two stars based on the product and the seller.  The boots are too small, not so much in the foot, but I couldn't zip up around my calf--way too tight.  Also, as others have said, there is a rubbing on the ankle that would make these boots way to uncomfortable to wear for an extended period of time.

As for the seller, Jayne's Style, the not only make you pay to return the item, but charge a restocking fee.  Way to go Amazon.picture looks much cuter
they are not worth $25. seen similar at kmaet for $8 by bongoOverall this product did great. I bought it for a  part of my Halloween costume and it worked out great. However, was a bit too big for my size and I am 5'1".Nice shoe, but should have ordered a larger or wider size.Shoe is very nice quality, but seems to run a bit small and narrow.  Had to send back. too bad next 1/2 size up was quite a bit more.They only shine in proper light. The crown around the stones is extremely thin , they just appear as prongs. They were inexpensive , so fine to knock around in. I thought they were on a deal of the day, and price was just that day, my mistake. Australian crystal really is brilliant, these aren't . I wouldn't recommend buying them . I wanted a pair to save my real ones, these are ok. I gave only two stars as in dim light they look like glass. Without any shine at all:( Buy a more expensive pair that can pass off as real.I am 5'5", 220lbs, 38G, and usually wear a US size 16-18, and I am super happy with this purchase!

Pros: it's extremely comfortable to wear, super cute, and very flattering on my hourglass frame. I have a big gut as well, and this suit really minimized its appearance, while also being just long enough to feel like I'm not exposing my pasty white thighs for all the world to see.

Cons: the built in bra is comically small, and the straps hit at a really weird place in the front. HOWEVER, the rouched/draped fabric in front hides the fact I'm spilling out of the cups really well, and two minutes on the sewing machine not only fixed the appearance of the straps but also improved the supportiveness overall. I'm not going to enter a jumping contest in this suit, but I don't feel like I'm going to fall out either.So comfortable and really great for arizona summers.Reviews were correct in that the strength of fabric and zippers is suspect.Shoes a little tight compared to my other skecher sandalsThe wallet is not as good as it looks and is made of a cheaper material. Not worth the money asked for it.This is a cute cuff, but the metal is a little flimsier than I would expect for something that cost $25. It's very flexible which makes it nice if you have larger/smaller than average wrists, but I feel like if I wear it too much it's going to break. Also, it loosens over time on my wrist, and it's fallen off a couple of times during wear.These worked well, but we only received 4 steel cables to hold 8 luggage tagsRather small but it is BEAUTIFULThey're too big and fell off my son's feet. They're not wearable but maybe they'll fit next year.Suit is OK, but material was very flimsy.  Make sure you order the correct size.  I ordered a larger size since it's based on Asian sizing, but it ended up being way too big.  Seller will NOT refund my money even after I returned the items.  Buyer bewareThe material wasn't what you would expect for a dressLOVE, LOVE this bag! It is perfect for every day (practical) use. It has just the right number and location of pockets. The zippers and material are of exceptionally high quality and will last years. The water bottle holders hold a standard size Nestle pure bottle nicely without risk of it falling out.
I do wish they had it in some trendy print options. There is a 20-something at work that also has this bag (in black, a gift from her mother), but she won't carry it because it's "too ugly" (her words). I completely disagree, but I would have preferred a simple print option.The shoes are so cute!  I usually wear a size 9, but the 9 is way too roomy for a brand new leather shoe, as well as too long.  The size 8 is too small, so I have to return both.  There are no half sizes, apparently, which is very disappointing.  I would probably rate these with 5 stars if I could get an 8 1/2.I was so disappointed with this suit! It was so small and did not fit as I planned at all. I am a size 16 with 42DD top and the bottoms fit my Mom who is a 12/23. The top is so spread out that I was literally spilling out of the top. My Mom who is a C would have had to tack it in the middle to keep it where it belongs. Just did not fit well and is not made for a curvy body.For a men's sweatshirt, this was pretty short on the torso. Great price for a warm sweater though, just wish it was longer.What I got is exactly what I ordered. True to size and comfortable.Before my baby was born I really wanted side-snap t-shirts b/c I was terrified of putting onesies over his head. It was hard to find affordable ones and I didn't want to spend a ton of money b/c I knew I wouldn't be using them for too long. I ended up buying these and they fit my baby when he was teeny tiny (e.g. 5 pounds) but 1-2 weeks in they started to look tight on him even when he was definitely still in newborn clothing. I also mostly just put him in sleepers b/c having a separate shirt and pant didn't seem as practical/comfortable for him when he was so small. The material also wasn't great. I very quickly started to use these as extra cloths for cleaning up spit-up or other messes instead of their intended use. Not sure I would buy these again!fit as expectedreturned itemCute outfit, and well made, but the 6 month size did not fit my 3 month old grandson!Completely unsatisfied with quality of luggage, looks cheap for the cost. Planning to use it at the end of May and honestly i think it will be a one time use. :( Seems like too much of a hassle to send it back or I would. Luggage came with scratches already on the Hardcase, not really sure if this is avoidable though.Ordered these in a wide and they were not wide.  Not sure if there is any difference between regulars width and wide.  Ended up going to a store and trying on golf shoes to find the right fit.  Sent these back.returned themItem fits snug. Only available in two sizes, so not really for athletic or big man. If you have broad shoulders, this will not be very comfortable. Just as model. tall and slim person. Otherwise, warn and comfortable.It arrived nicely packed in a bag, the color is so nice it has chocolaty color and looks good the material is exactly as described with good workmanship and amazingly it didn't have any odor of any sort. Overall it is a nice traveling companion and I'm sure it is going to last a very long time and get more and more beautiful as it wears out.Lasted less than one month. The zipper broke in less than a month. do not buy this product, it is made very poorly. Waste of money. Spend a little more and get a better quality bag.They look exactly the way you want them to look, but they're flimsy as hell and will definitely eventually become loose over timeWhat can I say?  It's a T-Shirt.  Nothing appears to be wrong with it.  It feels like a T-Shirt.  All the words in the phrase were spelled correctly.  It fits.
Doesn't appear to be bulletproof (but, that's okay...I didn't expect it to be).I bought these a bit larger since I tried them on in a store,,like a whole size larger.  I don't run in these. I wear them a  dresser casual sneaker.  I am glad that I was able to fit in an insole from another pair of shoes cause these hurt for me when I just walk.  I don't land on my feet right I guess so I am certainly not going to run in them since I tried doing this before with minimal shoes and really hurt my heels.  They seem well made.  I had a problem with my one foot and the plastic band running over the top for awhile but it feels okay now.  they must run small.edges of the plugs are rounded... its really hard to get the washers on there.Great quality but runs a little small. Also way too long, be prepared to hem the bottom if your short.I like the style, but the sizing is way too big if you're looking for something a little more form fitting. I am 5'2 150 lbs (36 - 29 - 38), and I ordered the 4(UK 8) size.Is very wide.Product fits as expected, but there are no belt loops and it has a button fastener... so... you best hope it fits right.Got this for my 11 year old for part of her Minnie Mouse costume - it's adorable!!Perfect fit !!
Never thought I would ever find a shirt made just for me :) Very comfortable, perfect size, and great design. I will replace all of my dress shirts with this CK brand.Hard to expand and get on but overall nice.The wallet is fine.  The chain is too heavy.  A lighter chain would have been better.
The heavy chain kind of pulls on the pocketThe shoes aren't too tight around the toes and leave a mark on the middle of my feet after I take them off. Otherwise, they work very well and help my turns. I got a 6-7.5 size and it was slightly too small.These are not good for anyone who has athletic calves.  Could not zipper up...had to return.  However, they are beautifully made and weather resistant, which is what I was looking for.  Too bad.These are very pretty shoes; however, I ordered (and typically wear) a size 9 and although these were marked size 9 they fit more like a size 8.  I would have reordered them in a size 10 but since the sizes were marked with stickers and not 'etched' in the shoe I couldn't be sure if they were really a size 8 marked wrong or if they were just made small and a size 10 would work for me - so I simply returned them.  Be careful when you order, you may need a larger size.No trust Sunglass Express, ask Ray Ban RB3460 Aviator Sunglasses-59 mm, Polarized, Black / Green lenses and send a lot cheaper and woman coupleGreat for Hobbiests...Beautiful color and pattern and it looks great with jeans or dress pants.Second pair of Toms that I ordered expecting a tan color. These are actually a light gold. They are so comfy and although gold they are a paler gold than the first pair I bought.I have these shoes they're pretty comfortable very sexy and lots of compliments when I wear them. they do run and little large I am a size eight and a half I can actually wear a size 8. wish I had been in the wine color when I had the chance to get them. I am a Nine West shoe junkie! No ShameFit great and look great!<3These jeans fix very well but the zipper doesn't stay up. Kind of a problem.Gorgeous scarf, lovely pattern, color true to photo, nice weight, drapes beautifully. Only issue is with the label which is overly large, unattractive and hard to remove. I took care to remove the label slowly because the very sticky adhesive tears the threads otherwise. The scarf needs a smaller label and less sticky adhesive to rate 5 stars.glows in the dark (storn trooper heads) and the words on back strap!  we aren't huge fans of crocs aesthetically but they are great easy shoes for toddlers, bonus when they are star wars themed ( we own three designs of crocs for the kiddos and they are all star wars themed)Was exactly as it was promoted.  Very goodGreat NB shoes.I love the tooth. I just feel slightly ripped off tho. I measured the tooth Every which Way from top to bottom and it's definitely no more than an inch. I understand all the teeth vary in size but I'm not very happy about spending $50 for a tooth that matches the same specs as the tooth sold for slightly under $40.MehMade too big and I had to pat to ship and return shipI own two other pairs of Jambu shoes in similar styles and these were to replace one of them, a pair I'd literally worn out.  This style was wider across the toe, which gave a clunkier, less sleek look than my others.  I could have lived with that, but they also ran VERY small.  I ordered the same size as my other pairs (which fit me perfectly), and these were unwearably small.  I liked the comfort and support of the foot bed, but they had to go back due to size.This is my second pair of Brooks. I bought my first in the store and these fit the exact same way.  I really love these shoes.Keen has some crazy sizing.  I wear a 9.5 in sneakers, 10 in a boot with a heel or wedge.  When I'm unable to try shoes on, I go with the UK or Europe Size which was a 41.  This usually works, so I ordered a 10.5.  Too big.  But that's not the problem.  The big unforgiving toe cap is.  I can't see this becoming comfortable.  I'm sure this is a great shoe if that's what you're used to but I'm just not.  If a shoe isn't immediately comfortable when I put it on, it goes back.  I don't break in shoes.  So while I can't comment on the waterproofness or other features of this shoe, I can say that I'm used to shoes that bend in the toe box with each step.  These are going back, perhaps for something more sneaker-like.I purchased 3 other pairs of New Balance running sneakers all 9.5 this pair is smaller , but i needed to wear them for a bit . To find this problem. SorryReturned, doesn't fit well. Very high quality though.does not look like real sterling silver. the color is darker than my other pieces and it did not tarnish or could not be cleaned with the a polishing cloth. this is a red flag to me when every other silver piece i have does produce some results after cleaning. also, it feels like plastic...silver coated only?? for 21 bucks i feel cheated and am returning itThey don't hold the glasses in the case at all.  I bought velcro tabs to keep them closed and hope the glasses don't get scratched.Very pretty blue and not cheap looking.The sizing was fine but after one short run in these my back and knees were in pain. Would not recommendI always get a size 32, even in Jockey's, but these low-rise briefs were no where close to a normal 32. They would fit a 10 year old boy, and are completely unwearable.The style and color are very attractive. When ordering, I thought flexible referred to the leather rather than the sole. My feet are wide in the toe area and soft leather shoes are a much more comfortable fit for me. I can wear these all day with minor discomfort. .Material is not as soft and form fitting as a true Polo shirt but still decent quality for a knock-offThis is nothing like picture and is very large on small wrist only has one sizeGEAUX TIGERS! Actually pretty soft and washes well. Ensure you hang dry!This piece was packaged extremely well and was delivered in perfect condition. It is exactly what I was looking for except the color. It appeared off-white to me in the advertising photos but in person it is distinctly yellow. I think it was a good price for the quality and is an attractive piece, but I would not have ordered it if I had seen the color in person.Some of the reviewers say this shoe runs big, so I ordered one size smaller. The shoe looks nice,  and feel comfortable when I am not walking:(
The insole fits well, but the upper fits tight and it would rub against your tender feet at the front and at the heel. I would suggest future buyer whose feet are not slim get their normal size or at most half size smaller.The product itself seems OK, but the manufacturer inexplicably doesn't provide instructions for inserting the ID tag inside the holder. They'd sell a lot more of these if they provided instructions. Here they are:

1. Folds the holder in thirds and place on table with yellow tag up.
2. Peel the flap with the tag back.
3. Gently squeeze the middle third to reveal the pocket behind the Velcro.
4. Slide the ID card in. the top will stick out so people can easily see it.I purchased this item because it says 100% cotton....it is NOT COTTON, the tag says linen and viscose. I also noticed a strong chemical smell, washed it immediately and after it was washed it shrank a lot....bummer...the description needs to be corrected and not advertised as 100% cotton....I will not be purchasing anymore clothing from Amazon when looking for a specific fabric.These boots started breaking down right away. Within 2 weeks a seam opened on the side of the boot. Then one of the top eyelet hooks broke off, rendering these practically useless. I paid $150 for these and now it appears that I will not be allowed to return these or get a refund. I am done with KEEN'S and I will NEVER AGAIN order from OnlineShoes. They tout their generous return policy which requires the product never having been work or used. Give me a break. ONLINESHOES is a scam. DO NOT ORDER ANYTHING FROM THEM.It's gotten so I'm only ordering NYDJ jeans because the fit is always perfect.  The NYDJ pants are designed for the mature body no matter how much one weighs.  These pants look great and help my self confidence because they fit so well.It's niceIts really nice everything was packed nice the only thing i tough it came with the bag to put my bag insideAfter a few washings they developed holes in the material. Not a good value for the money.They do feel a little tight initially but stretch out over time.9 yr old loves these!Olive green not gray at allThese fit tighter and shorter than the other Crocs Athens that I own and the other Crocs Athens that I bought from another seller on Amazon.  I thought it was a one time thing, so I exchanged them, but the other ones fit the same.  I'm very disappointed in them.  I have worn them, as they are "wearable," but I don't recommend them.The fit is good, except after one wearing the top right side of the shoe started to "cave in" a little bit, giving the outline a bumpy look.This shoe is bliss!!!!!
Soooooo comfortable & sturdy. My toes have ample wiggle room & the soles of my feet no longer hurt!
I'm very pleased with this shoe.just wish it came with better instructions. But my 4yr old loves itMy daughter likes it very much, it is very comfortable.It's just different sizing from cartersThis jacket is EXTREMELY small in the arms & waist.  I bought a 2xl after reviewing the size chart, needless to say my 12 year old daughter is currently wearing the jacket.Cool looking jacket bought what thought was adult size XL it is no where near Adult size anything.  I am giving it to my niece who is a preteen and it should fit.I was hoping it would be a little nicer. I probably should have purchased the more expensive one.Too small for metooo big for me  3 x wasn't this big  ill give it to salvation army now and someone will fit in itwill be returning not made for big girl size 12 more like for 6 yrs very peteiteGot wrong sizeNice watch band, feels sturdy, a bit pricey. Don't like how it adds thickness to the watch by passing under the case on your wristRider's sandals of this design are amazing. the best flip flops I have ever found. I can wear them all day and feel super comfortable.

I like them also because you can wash them easily. Just some soap and water and lay somewhere to dry. They feel perfectly clean and never wear from cleaning. I get about 2 years of wear out of each pair, and I wear them at least 3 days each week for the entire day.

I have 8 pairs of these, I loved them so much, I bought them in many colors.way too small, almost a full size, trying to return, no response from vendorvery good jeansBlack coating peeled off after one shower. I thought it was dyed leather. This is plastic coating crap. Do not buyFor the most part, I have to say that I like the Aini Savoie Women's Down Jacket.  It's soft, lightweight, stylish, and is true to fit. The material is made from an adopted polyester material that claims to have a density 60% higher than common material on the market resulting in excellent wind-proofing and warmth.  I do agree that it blocks the wind while keeping me warm at the same time.
However, I do have some cons about this product. The hood is awful.  When I put it over my head, it completely covers my eyes and my nose. Honestly it pointless to have it. I am glad it is detachable because I would be rating this coat at a one or two if it wasn't. It also comes with a detachable belt that looks hideous if used. Again, I am happy that it can be removed. Another feature of this coat that I am not crazy about are the pockets. They are front pockets not the normal side pockets. So you can't comfortably put your hands in them.  This is a big problem to me because I don't always like to wear gloves if I am just running into a store or work.
Overall, I am satisfied with my purchase. However, if you use a hood and pockets on your coat frequently, you may not be happy with this product.
I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion.I personally don't like this product. It came junky, and made of really cheap weird textured plastic. And in the center of the tray is a stamped in circle in the middle that really stands out.Great for the Oz fan in your family.This item had a very large window for delivery, and we fretted it would never arrive in time for a planned trip to the Caribbean. It did, however, arrive with days to spare, and my wife got to wear it on a romantic dinner date. She was very pleased with the product, as was I. T. Stelma, author of Happy Bay, Cole Bay Band, and Sandy Ground.These shoes look great but were a totally different size that his other converses. He is a size 12 and we ordered a size 12. he must have close to 1 cm of room in the heal. It is disappointing because we live overseas and it is very expensive to ship back and forth. I have never seen such a big discrepancy in sizes. They are also pretty heavy. His last pair are nice and light, easy to pack when traveling but not these.excellent article very easy to use recommendThis box is very poorly made.  It arrived with the wood scratched and the brass tarnished.  I couldn't even open it because the top lid was still connected to the bottom of the box.  Terrible product.fabric feels cheap - way bigLove the appearance of it but i had issues taking it off BC of the material...it wasn't as stretchy as I thohgt it'd beWife gave it to me for Christmas to replace the one that's over 25yrs old ( American made ) which needed to be retired. Design is decent and pockets are reasonable but slash pockets needs to be a little deeper. Would suggest having a second deep inside pocket for check book or glasses and a Velcro area on left side for morale.I was very hesitant to buy online but didn't want to spend a lot of money on my daughters homecoming dress. I bit the bullet and ordered it and don't regret it. My daughter is 5'5" and large frame and I ordered a size 16. I ordered up a size, as she usually wears a size 14, and it fit alright in length and didn't have to have it hemmed up with high heels but did have to have it altered at the shoulders. She is a A cup in bra size and that is probably why. The color is a true royal blue and she received many compliments on it. It seems well made and doesn't scream "cheap".Comfortable and stylish. Love these. Just everyday shoes for me. I don't even play soccer. Love them! Would buy againThe legs are not true to size. Above the hips fit perfectly, below that is too tight. One of the lightning bolts below the breast was missing from the costume and the cape is cheap and not very well cut. I would not suggest getting a size bigger because then the upper half will be too big. Also had to order it twice because my first order was returned without my knowledge and I did not receive a full refund even after buying it again. This is definitely not a costume for ladies with curves or athletic women. Big disappointmentLoved color But it hugs close to your body and was shorter than most. It didn't flair the way I hoped.Purchased after a youtuber recommended this product. It broke before I ever used it. The little ear piece snapped off of the hoop and I can't find a way to fix it. I'm so sad because they are pretty hoops for the price.These are just ok. Really stiff and some of them smell like fish. I hand washed them and they are laying out to dry, hopefully they soften up. But good for play for my 3 year old as intended.Super cute but it runs a couple of sizes small. Order a larger size if you have an average size little one. My 2 year old is about 22 lbs and wears 24 months or 2T (sometimes 2T is a bit large on her) I bought the 3T/4T and the bottoms fit her length perfectly. But, the top fits like it's a normal 2T. The sizing is really weird so just order a couple of sizes up!Lasted 5 days at Disney then broke. String ripped through the hole.Cute but thin material.  Had a hole in two days.Always a good choice with boc3XL was like a 2XL. Size runs a little small.I wanted something with excellent arch support that I could walk in all day and not have my feet hurt. These shoes do all of that. They are truly comfortable and the inside is lined with a soft leather that is just heaven on your feet.  I did tighten the buckle over the instep just a little to make the fit perfect.  I have worn these a lot and they are holding up really well and they are a fun color also.Next time I'll like to get a higher quality printing.Nice enough tank top but not 100% cotton as described. It's a polyester cotton blend - which is annoying because the whole reason I bought it was that polyester blends make me itch.Do NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!! Looks nothing like my other Alex and ani bracelets. Looks really cheap, I will be returning this ASAP!!!! If I could post less than one star I wouldThis item is such poor quality.  I am so disappointed in it and will be returning it right away.  It isn't even the same color fur, it's almost an orange color.  The fur is falling off, giving it the look of a mangy bar cat, not a cool lion. The mane is very small and doesn't go all the way around or under the neck.  The ears are pathetic.  In general, it runs pretty small, especially the head piece.I was a little disappointed with the color, the green barely shows, the
 frames are dark and not as colorful as pictured but the shape is nice so I will keep them.There not quite what I expected. They hang too low rather than fit higher around the waist area. They don't have as much stretch as advertised.Very nice, stylish ring.  Stands out when worn with the right amount of bling and evening clothes.  Runs a little small.  I'm a size 6 on my right ring finger (right handed) but, this ring doesn't really fit there.Nothing like the picture, not cordovan leather, cheap buckle, too small for my wrist - seller will not return emails regarding my displeasure of what I received. very dissappointing...Not the quality of all the other New Balance shoes I have owned. I think it's a knock off.It did not look like the picture. The feathers all stood straight up, looking more like a Native American headband than a Cabaret headband.I typically wear a 7 - 7 1/2.  The medium is just a wee bit short but I like them and will wear them.Fit as expected, good qualityGood thick t shirt.  I would have liked the softer t shirt material that some of the other t shirts are made of.I would order a larger size. Nice vest.The bag isn't bad or great.  It is very BIG and will fall over easily.  It does fit a lot of stuff and the price isn't too bad.  I did get a small tear in the side after the second trip on an airplane.  I used it for trade show pop up banners.  It was cheaper to do this than ship to the convention center.  I was afraid that it would be considered oversize by the airlines but so far I haven't been charged extra.Beautiful well made though sizing was very wrong.
Bought it in an XL same size as everything I own. It fit my daughter who
wears a mediumI love the cleo croc sandels so I thought I would try some enclosed croc shoes.  These were comfortable under the foot but my baby toe kept getting irritated and developed a blister even with socks.Way to tight over the instep and I have these in black. So sad as I love the boots. Should I add that I have really thin legs and they still did not fit.Good quality, as far as ugly Christmas t-shirt goes, this one fits the bill.  Quick delivery, and very good price.Super fast delivery, however I thought the item would be a thicker more durable plastic. It also comes in two pieces and does stay on my husband's head very wellThis is a good bag. I used it as my "day bag" at Disney to take to the parks, and it worked fine. It's a little more stylish than the athletic bags of the same style, but still lightweight and functional. There were some loose strings and I had black fuzzies all over my shirt after using, but not a big deal really. I'll try to wash it, and that should solve the issue. I would order again.Hat came early, but it was crushed when I opened the package but it fits great and I love it.Does not appear to be same quality as in storesVery dissatisfied with Velcro strap  .  Wish I had returned bfore I wore.These frames are really cute but not on me.  They were larger than I expected and there is no curve to the frames, they are flat across which doesn't work for my face shape.  Nicely made and packaged.  Good quality.  If you are looking for a cat eye that is a little on the large side, these are the ones for you.Too large.Simple shirt used for a costume, fits as expected and is comfortable.Great jeans!They are very narrow.Looks like a youth XL instead of a adult XL having difficulity understanding where to send additional postage to get a larger one sentVery cute ring, tends to pinch where the top ball sits inside the flower/butterfly ringA little heavy, mesh that looked like it could rip easily. Returned and ordered a different pair.Looks great! Bought this for my wife and she looks great with it on.Roomy - sort of like wearing a synthetic leather shoe BOX.
The shoe was both too short and too wide.Not what I was expecting.I really don't know if the wig model inside the bag is wrong or if the picture is a trick.
I do not recommend this wig to anyone.

The wig came totally disheveled.
I tried to arrange the hair to see if it can look like the photo but there is nothing to do. The hair is longer, thin and does not stay straight. It has a lot of paper silver ribbons mixed with the hair.
It looks cheap, messy and without style.
In addition the inside wig is stained with makeup.

I returned the wig immediately, even knowing that I need a wig for my party very quick, but this is not an option.Cute but cheaper she use only one time and the boots is broken.Too smallThis necklace was a gift for my daughter. She was thrilled when she saw it. Less than an hour after putting it on for the first time, the chain broke. The links are poorly joined and the way it broke leaves it impossible to fix. I will have to purchase a new chain in order for her to wear it. The octopus itself is charming, but the necklace construction is awful. Beware.Not the quality wallet I anticipatedI like it.  Only had it over a week and it tarnishes if you wear it in the shower.  Although I applied some jewelry cleaner to it and it seems fine again.The letters are too small barely to be seen by any EMT or other person in case of needed help. It scratches too easily and therefore I rated it as very poor. Free is not necessarily a good review for you.Just what I was looking for.Wondereful fit even though the price is very high.waste of money.Its very tight and difficult to walk inreally tiny.. pretty but the stones are almost nonexistentHonestly, this cape is so-so. The fabric was nice and soft, it fit well on my shoulders, and the tie was soft and stayed put. HOWEVER, its super short! I must have misread the measurements or something. I'm bout 5'5" and it barely hit my ankles. The hood is TINY. Maybe its just me. If you're short, this cape is great! Otherwise, if you're looking for a shorter cape that won't be anywhere near the ground, this is it.Order a strapless bra and I recieved a  regular bra with straps and my wedding is Sunday. Thanks AmazonGood lasting shoes for the moneyI would return them if I could.  I read the reviews and did purchase a size up from what I normally wear.  The foot fit fine, but it took two of us to zip them up because they were SO tight on my calves (which are pretty average).  Unless you are skin and bones, I would not order these.I enjoyed the concept, but everyone including the wife....laughed at me.  I was on Vacation, in Cozumel, and I was laughed at.  Material is nice, but the design...leaves one looking somewhat comical.At first I was upset because the watch they sent had a different face then the one pictured. I do prefer the face of the one pictured over the "X" model that I received. That said, this watch is dead on accurate. I have used Seiko Pepsi dial automatic dive watches for many years and had to correct them once a week or so. This solar dive watch is amazingly accurate. From what I see the only corrections required will be for changing the daylight savings changes.

Edit: A good bit of time has past now and I have been very pleased. I'm in my 36th season as a fishing guide in SW Florida so this watch doesn't have easy duty with me. It has a rough life in the elements of heat, salt and sun. OK, this watch in particular doesn't mind the sun. lol
The  accuracy remains to be unbelievable. It doesn't gain or lose a minute between the time changes. I wish it could figure out the number of days in each month but it's a keeper. I see the price is up a bit since I bought mine. I think it's still a bargain now.really sheer but its cuteLARGE WAS LIKE A SMALLI got the black and pink pair and you can't tell in the photo but the stripes are covered in glitter for some reason.. Also a little too big. Adidas fault for making the stripes shimmery like a 5 year olds shoe.This turban is absolutely darling, especially if you're aiming for more of a 1920s style. You can wear it as is, or add some additional pizzaz with a brooch. My only negative remark is the sizing. It is a bit loose, so Bobby pins are necessary.

*product received at a discount in exchange for my honest review*The Angry Bird earrings -- what a nice idea! I bought a pair for my wife, and she loves them. However I must complain that the earrings' edge finishing is terrible! It is not even safe to wear them "as is". It's literally sharp and tends to scratch the skin. I had to treat them with a file for an hour before they eventually became safe to wear. I would be happy to pay 2-3 times as much for a pair of better made ones.I bought these shoes, because they looked the most like a previous New Balance shoe-that I loved, and is no longer available. These shoes were extremely light weight to the point they almost feel like slippers. The problem is they do not have enough support in heel area for me. They seem to run a bit small, and I believe it would be hard to fit any type of insole in there. I wish the shoestrings were the color of the darker gray/blue color on the shoe....the red strings are a bit loud for my taste. I did not dislike them enough to bother returning them.They were not equal to the ones I usually buy. I would not buy them again. I didn't like the quality. I guess you get what you pay for.Was excited to get these earrings as I wanted something with some size.  Unfortunately, the description length of 1 5/8" measures from the top of the hoop and not the fleur de lis itself.  The earring is nice just too small.Awful backpack. It's smaller than other backpacks. It broke. within a month the threads unraveled and the strap came apart.My Husband really likes the way they fit.I love it, and super fast shipping. thanksThe stud earings were delivered with a defective screw back. Either the threads were stripped or there was a mismatch in size between the "nut" and "screw shaft."  We were disappointed with the poor quality control or lack of quality control of the setting.  The stones were ok. They are inky black with no "sparkle."  My wife noticed visible scratches.  We returned  the first pair, got a refund and will order another set.  The quality is consistant with other buyers commentsFar too tight in the arms. Cannot put it on or take it off,  just have help to remove it as arms are simply made to fit far too snug.Too tight for a normal size headI can hardly get these off my daughter's feet, she loves them so much. Very cute.It's a hit or miss when ordering pants online but these were ok. Material is heavy so they actually slip down a bit once in a while no matter how tight my belt was.The little pillows work fine. The lock works fine, and I got two keys. It looks good.Needed a basic, inexpensive watch that goes with everything from t-shirts to dress shirts (I'm not a girlie girl); have always thought Timex was good value / decent quality for the price. Band feels kind of cheap, but at least it has a good size range (often I find women's watch bands too small). The date is too tiny for my over-40 eyes to read without glasses, but I didn't buy it for the date anyway.Only thing it don't do is beep every hour like my other watch do. But do have the date & time on it..This is more red than burgundy.  I was looking for a scarf to match my burgundy boots but the picture is different than what it actually looks like .Some of the fluff seems to accumulate and it was a bit small, but overall nice. It only goes through several wears though, then I started feeling self-conscious that it had a lot of the accumulated fluffy stuff.Pretty nice fleece, but the thread that closes the bottom and pockets came unthreaded almost immediately and i had to sew it back up.  Expected better quality from Columbia, but i still like it.Don't Buy these pants. I have a 31 inch waist. and in every pair of pants I own i wear a 32 waist and 32 inseam. These however in those measurements were easily 4 sizes too small. I'm 5'11 180lbs average size. I couldn't breathe in these pants. Do not buy these without trying them on.This is the second suit I have purchased by Eco Swim. They are the same style, different patterns. I like a strapless suit - no tan lines on the top!chain is good, snap pops off while trying open pouchvery very thin fabric and see through even in a dark tone. was very large, i would order a size smaler than i would expect to wear. it also does not have as much shape as i expected it to have. i wouldnt re orderthese fit nicely and they have an automatic waist adjustmentThis shirt is very lightweight ans see through. Not even close to a child's XL. Sizes run a good 2 sizes smallWhen you put it on, it is not like the picture at all. It runs big, loose and not cheap.
Returned immediately.A little pricey for the productMay son really likes his recent purchase.  He doesn't have to run around the house in his sock feet anymore.Not wide enoughVery delicate and pretty. Love it.Nice watch.I ordered this pair of jeans b/c 569s and 559 are the most comfortable pants I own.  A month after I got them and 4 or 5 wears, the pants have holes and the denim feels very thin in those areas.  I have several other pairs and none feel this thin.  There has been no snagging event to rip them and the holes are in the middle of the fabric and not near a seam.  $10 each time I wore them and now there are holes were I can no longer wear them.I sent it back waiting on size bigger.Nice quality bra but was to big.A little more yellow than it looks in the photo. STILL cute, very thin, BUT extremely soft!Not exactly the same as straight fit labeled.  It say's regular, and that tells me it's not as taylored as the pair of 505's I use to get.  They are still very good.hat is huge.  doesn't fit my "little girl"--fits me!Fit wellThese are really pretty. I left one star off because they are not as elongated as they look in the photo.. I was surprised they were shorter. Still get nicely made and very pretty.Washes up goodThis suit is good quality for the price. I'm smaller up top and hard to find padded ones at this price! I'm 5'&" and 150 pounds, usually wear a medium, so ordered large. I give 4 instead of 5 stars and would order the xl if I had time to do the exchange. It fits quite short in the waist and I'm very short waisted to begin with. It's also a little snug in the rear, so an xl would have been better. But over all I love it and will wear it at night in a hot tub:)Very thin, and very small. ok pants for the price I guess if you are tiny. I bought these in an XL for my 5' 10'' 155 lb. husband and there is no way he can fit these. I am 5' 6'' 125 lbs. and these are snug on me. How is that possible?!! I am going to have to give them to one of my kids.Cute shoe..all that I expected and quick shipperthe stitching around the waist came undone to the elastic band hangs out.  I purchased dickies scrubs after these and love them much more.Nice coatFabric is cheap.  Shirt is baggy.  I sent it back.I have owned three of these watches over the years, and I am ready to buy another.  That said, I wish the case were made of stainless instead of plated brass, which on my arm and in daily use will corrode and become abrasive (and ugly) in a year or so.  The watch back and band are stainless, so why not the case?They're ..ok. don't love them but they'll do.Worked for 20 minutes and then just stopped. Very disappointing when you're already at the party and it stops working right as you get there.My daughter wanted a manual-wind watch.  They are surprisingly hard to find.  This one works and seems to keep pretty good time.  I'm giving it 3 stars because it doesn't feel like it will last for years and years unless you are very, very careful.  The winder/adjustment knob doesn't have a very high quality feel to it.  But for a wind-up watch it's pretty cool.Cheap fabrics.  Runs small.Great and cheap wedding band. Would recommend to any and everybody. Comparable to a 200 dollar tungsten ring at the jewelry store.This hat was easily an extra large!I normally wear a size 10 in Justin boots. I read the reviews that others said they run small. I ordered size 11 and they are perfect with thin socks.  I love that they are made in the USA! Just order a size larger than normal.My husband found that this particular shoe, which he ordered in 9W, was not wide at all.  Returned the shoesWent river rafting in Moab, Utah and these worked great at first. About 2 days in, the sole started falling apart. These look GREAT but the quality isn't the greatest. Ended up losing on to the river but they did their job up until the last day.It's okayThis is my second pair, and I love to wear them with sassy socks in the winter. Because of that, I ordered a 1/2 size up, but the fit is superb!Don't go with the reviews. Order whatever your actual size is! And it doesn't shrink..I get many compliments on this ringI returned these shoes, because they were too small. Having a high arch would not allow a larger size to fit. The shoes are well-made and attractive. They are just not made for my feetThis is an adorable bag, great size and holds all the daily essentials for me: wallet, keys, small makeup bag, etc. I've had it for several months, and a few weeks ago the clasp broke. I'm not sure how to fix it because it got loose enough to come through the cloth material it was inside of. Bummed that it didn't last longer than a few months, because it seemed to be great quality when I initially got it. I would think twice before you buy this...it might be better to invest in a more well-made bag.Runs big, I would have loved it had it been smallerReturned it - looked cheap.The price was right, the shipping was right on, and overall I was pleased with my purchase. My only regret was that I should have read the other reviews about sizing. These boots are very generous with the size! They are wide and stretch out after wearing a few times. They also run long. As other people had stated, I usually can wear from a size 8(for open toed sandals) up to a size 9.5 (for very pointed heels) so I ordered a size 9 (I have Ugg Fluff Mommas and Emu slippers in size 9 which fit great). When they arrived I slipped them on and they felt like they were made for my feet, unfortunately, the more I wore them, the inside fur packed down and the suede stretched. Now they feel and look very sloppy. I wish I would've ordered a size 8! Amazon will only take them back in new/unused condition so now I'm stuck with these floppy, sloppy boots. Hope you read this before ordering.Did not fit after first wash.I am not impressed with this one, the way the straps tie at the neck make it not fit in the chest area properly, and it ties in the crotch which gets in the way!The advertisement is misleading. These are not "stretch" jeans.It might not be my favorite tees. I'm not really happy with the material. It needs to be stretched. It is some kind of blend of cotton and elastic material. The collar is kinda flimsy and too wide. Overall, I think it could be better to be honest. I would wear it around the house, or on quick food runs. I'm a young adult, I kinda wanted a little MTV 80's 90's Nostalgia. It shipped from china and took a while. I would probably purchase something else of better quality if I had the chance again. I don't hate it, but not one of my favorites.Too smallIt's beautiful and  very comfyCute but the bottoms is small and top is padded... but prettyThese earrings are super cute, however when they arrived, one of the stars was broken and there is no way to re-attach because they are connected to the chain by means of soldering. I didn't expect them to be good quality because the price was so low, but I did expect to receive undamaged earrings.Really pretty sneaker! Very comfortableI like the lenght , however I don't believe it will last long...  The threads keep pulling apart... Lots of loose threads all over...worse after washing.. Afraid to wash again n again....Nice shirt but the xl fit more like a small large or a big mediumI am a tall (6'4") heavy guy (245 lbs) not only were the sleeves the right length, but the pants as well. And the pants fit my waist perfectly( about a 40" waist).
And on top of all that, the material is not thin like i was expecting.I never thought of ordering bras on Amazon so was pleasantly surprised when they had the exact item I was looking for. Fast service and the quality you would expect from Lilyette. Will definitely shop again.The picture is very misleading as it appears to be lighter than it actually is. So I am deducting two stars. It actually looks (color) like the identical bag in the link below that also happens to be about 20% to 25% cheaper than  this listing for which I am writing this review. There are several different color bags at that link below. Click on the bags for which the color is listed as  Khaki Vintage or Stonewashed Khaki

<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rothco-Israeli-Paratrooper-Bag/dp/B000KA98JE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rothco Israeli Paratrooper Bag</a>Fits as expected, but the lace trim at the bottom does NOT stretch... I'd go a half size or more bigger if you want a "flounce" to the lace trim.want to return, but it's too much work to mail back; decided to just threw away.I wish it had been more of a square shape, instead it tapers near the top and I wasn't able to use it for the purpose I had anticipated.Ordered these for my wife but I had to return because they are too small for her! They are super narrow, not medium width at all. She is usually between a 9 or 9.5 in shoe size so I ordered 9.5 and these fit more like an 8.5. Order up at least one size.Quality socksI love this product, it serves it's purposeI actually saw this jacket on a episode of Vampire Diaries and loved it so when I saw it on Amazon I just had to have it. I only wish it had lining or it didn't flip open so much.Pretty shoddy. Web slinging sound effect is barely heard.I always wear a size 9M in Skechers yet these seem to run narrow for me. Disappointing but I didn't want to deal with the hassle of returning them so I kept them. I think if they weren't so narrow they wouldn't hurt my feet and they would be comfortable.Says it's lip plumping gloss.  It's just plain lip gloss. No plumping, no tingling.I Will like to order one more pair but it is posible this time to recive the right size? I order 7 and I got 8.
The shoes are great and work really nice!these are not t-shirt bras. they are PADDED POLYESTER from indonesia and smell like they are from china (like nuclear waste).Fits good, but after the first wash the color starts to fade.Shoes look nice, length and width fit good (10.5 W), but the toe box is too low and long for me. Getting the shoes on is a struggle at best, and on days where my feet are even slightly swollen (side effect of cancer treatment), it's an impossibility. I like them overall though, so I'm keeping them, just not going to be daily drivers for me.Very nice looking but seams near zipper broke, strings just came out! To make it worse, it was a gift. Embarrissing, won't be purchasing this again.The boots are extremely wide! Especially in the heel!! 2 pair of socks are required!!Got a medium, fits like an xxs Trying to use a shoe stretcher to widen the shoeRolled down. Not very functional.When I received this product I was very disappointed.  It did not look at all like the one in the picture.  rather than being rounded at the shoulders it was simply a piece of black rectangular felt with peacock feathers attached in rows.  It went straight across the shoulders with pieces of black felt exposed on both side.  There was no way to get a picture that looked anything like this one.They are great.  They came quickly and they fit.  Not much else can be said about it.Good casual summer shoe.If you're a size 0 this is the dress for you.I was really disappointed in these shoes.  I have the same shoes in the past, but the fit was much better.I was so excited to get these and I didn't know the sizes run a little small. I want to exchange them so I can hand the right size but I don't hang a printer or return slip. What do I do?5'8" 200lbs DD XL fit perfectly. Love this dress! I can't wait for summertime to wear it. Just got it yesterday and it's already my new favorite dress.I owned a Donna Morgan dress in 10 and I ordered this one in 10 as well. The fit is good although it was slightly too big around the stomach area (it is pretty fitted so I had to take it to a seamstress for it to look perfect). I really like it, it's comfortable and the material is nice. The slit is pretty modest (you can't see cleavage) and you can wear it to work.They run small so I wasted my money.Great for dancingIt's ok if you like very bright coral color. To me, the dress didn't have the usual quality of Three Dots; it looked cheap somehow. Maybe it's that I didn't like the colors. Fit was large for me. I would order a size smaller.I love the material, and it's not see through (in navy blue).  I wish it were a little longer, I am 5'8", and it's ok if it's not rolled.  It still barely comes to my ankles not being rolled at the top.Great for an office but it won't last with heavy wear or any pulling.very disappointed. All gone after 6 months with holes in bottom and toes.

Look strong but aren't.I purchased 1/2 size larger than I normally wear and they are still snug. Didn't really seem much different between sizesOne of the inner seams ripped out the first day of my trip.  Not surprised because the sewing was right at the edge of the fabric.  Didn't affect use and the wallet was great for organizing passports, documents, tickets, etc for 3 week trip through Europe.  Unfortunately when I tried to return it, the 30-day window with Amazon had closed.  Now I'll repair it on my own, an annoyance, but for rfid travel protection <$20 it did the job.  Loved the BRIGHT orange color and that it zipped.I purchased these socks so it would be easy to interchange the pairs if any became too worn.  I wore two pairs twice.  For both, by the second pair the socks had holes in them.  My last pair of black socks lasted several years.

Not worth the money.The dress looks and feels great.  However, the top is so loose that no matter how tight you tie it, your breasts spill out.  It's like the chest is all stretched out.
Also, I am a size 8 and the large was tight.What can you expect I ordered a Tall. Looks like I am in between sizes, Still the quality is there!very comfortable socksGave this to my nephew for Christmas. Good fit for a 5 year old. Slightly cheapy feeling, doesn't seem like it will hold up well to lots of wear and the velcro closures don't hold very securely. He's very pleased with it though, so I am too. The bunny is cute and the magic coin is a nice touch.These are ok, they are womens jeans which is what I was looking for in this particular jean. Could  be a bit longer.Pretty sure I had ordered a larger size. But they look cuteMy grandson loves this bag. He uses it for medication he has to keep with him all the time. He actually wants the bigger version for school.I received one plug but was told that they were sold as a pair, also. The one that DID come in, came in the wrong size! I selected 1/2 inch (or 12 mm) and what I received was a 0g (or 8 mm). Very disappointed because I loved the design and where I usually buy my stretchers doesn't have this design.It was hard to fold up. Not a great choice for little kids.Neck hole to large***update***
Boots are a couple months old worn a few times. Then worn for a couple days walking around the city... sole has separated from the boot! Do not buy if you plan to wear to do any walking!

Love these boots. No need to size up. Room for thick socks if wanted and comfortable all day long. Some reviews said they wear them hiking.. I do not know that they are truly made for that. But great for everyday wear. I find myself putting these on as my go to boots a lot. Love the pockets. Zipper is NOT supposed to unzip all the way (do not try or you will break them). The pocket is made to fit credit card sized items. Holds my ID, credit card and cash easily and with out being uncomfortable. Pockets on both boots.Good! Looks a little more purple than I planned.The design was pretty but it didn't fit, so I'm unable to wear it. Waste of money?for my nose, did not right side up, it sits weird in my nose, shop around before purchasing this oneSWIMMING IN THESE SHIRTS!Love that I can wear it as a regular bra.  I had trouble with the straps from my other Natoris, but sewed them down in place.  Obviously, I liked them enough to order another!Hurts back of the heel. Inside shoe is roughThese fit fine - ultra comfortable, but after two washes, they are showing signs of wear.This came so small (32C) A child couldn't wear it. Returned.I just got these boots in the mail today and I'm in love with them! I'm a 8.5 shoe with a wide calf and these fit perfectly! I wore them around the house and their really comfortable. I'll be buying my mom a pair and myself another later down the road. Definitely recommend!Very washed looking.Love them! The flares aren't too big and they seem true to size. Really nice quality- no scuffs or cracks on the surface. They're really translucent when you're not wearing them, but in your ears, they're super pretty.I purchased this for my mom, she's about a size 10 and she just tried it on and it's a very good fit on her, it wasn't too loose or too tight, and in her words she said, "My new swimsuit fits perfect and is very comfortable". She also likes the skirt part, she said it looks very stylish. The swimsuit also came in a very nice plastic travel bag that zips up which we'll use on our vacation, just one of the places we're going is the Great Sand Dunes Swimming Pool, they have a naturally heated pool and that's another reason I purchased this swimsuit for my mom; I did not want her to rent one of their ugly swimsuits, that's one thing for this swimsuit is it's not just comfortable it looks good. I'm so happy my mom loves it.
Update: I've just attached a picture of my mom at the Hooper Colorado Sand Dunes Swimming Pool, as you can see she's having a good time, if you're ever in the area I highly recommend the pool and if you have time go into Alamosa CO and visit the San Luis Valley Pizza Company has the best pizza and stromboli's I've ever eaten.Bought these when I first got into airsoft.  The buttons all popped off and the crotch ripped out, and they were baggy when I bought them.  Cheap importated junk.Such cute baby shoes absolutely love them!!!very small I couldn't wear the XL I bought.  Had to give it to my very skinny granddaughter.  I need to remember not to buy clothes online!Extremely Happy with the purchase, its nice than the price would lead you to believe.  Also, interior large than the description states, at least mine is.Runs alittle small. Chest seems snug.Fit greattoo large! Had to return.  I will try to buy later at a smaller size.I have bought a lot of under armour cloths but this shirt was poorly made, the sleeve were way to shortLow cut and runs a bit large around the sides.They are good material and came on time but they are navy. They are not black. I find the picture and name "midnight" deceiving.No spring hinges as advertised.  Not made in USA as advertised (made in China, printed on the glasses themselves as shown in the pic).  Returning.I like itNeed two sizes largerThese were a gift.  I found out that even being laundered in cold water wash, the hot pink, black and purple, all bled and ruined some other pieces of clothing in the same wash.  I was very upset hearing this occurred.Not what I  expectedI got these boots to go along as part of a man-Chell costume (Portal series) and the fit me pretty well. I have wide feet so if you have narrow feet then it could be a bit loose for you. but whatever. I wouldn't want anyone to wear these all day or anything because after a few hours they get a little uncomfortable. I personally cut mine up to fit the costume better and there were no additional rips or anything its a pretty sturdy material. overall I liked this buy, it really helped me get my costume up to the next level.The bodice & armholes are a tad too big.I love the design of this purse. I love the size and color and utilitarianism of this purse. However, I have only had the purse for 2.5 months and the back zipper has recently zipped off the end of its track. Very disappointing. I was actually planning to buy the same purse in multiple colors, but now, I probably won't as I am just past the "return" option for this item.The small is a bit too large :-(my fault for not realizing how long it was and that one side was sewn so replacing it would be a challenge.Like the style but will have to have shoemaker made a few modifications.  Strap too long--I need it tighter otherwise loose on my foot.  Also wear a foot brace on my right foot and need inner sole removed so I can slide foot piece in and reinsert sole.  Otherwise, like the looks of the shoe and good toe room.It broke the first time I wore itthey look great, but the top of the shoe is so damn stiff it kills your ankle area, and teh fron it a bit narrow and i have a skinny footI got this guy at the store when shopping with my GF. Kind if got it on a whim, but the low cost and durability of a timex make it a 'can't lose investment'. It looked sharp and fit well in the store.

Couple things I didn't test and/or wasn't able to know in the store:
The bevel does NOT swivel. I actually would use this function often in my daily work and activities but for some dumb reason on my end I assumed. So that is for looks only.
Second, as others have noted, the second hand is remarkably loud. It's almost comical how loud it is. Not sure the physics of how this watch does it, but I have never had a watch produce a noticeably audible sound (unless I put it to my ear) and I have NEVER had OTHER people actually comment on the ticking of my watch. It boggles my mind that other folks are that sensitive--but in reality, if a dozen folks have noticed and commented it probably is very loud for a watch.

Those 2 are my only physical challenges that I wish were different. They affect my personal world, but may be different for you. The times I work outside I never notice the second hand, but meetings and quiet dinners it jumps out. It is rather comical I must say.

I am going to keep it if only to just say to people "...have you ever heard a watch this loud before...?"Not like I expected. It came broken and the strip were not attached to the watch. Very disappointedMy husband loves this gift for his watches. nice wood .Like the colorsExtremely disappointed in the sizing. I am a solid 30w x 32h and this work pant struggled to even go up my body. I live in the Caribbean so returning these aren't worth the cost.Sorry I had to return this, since though I loved the design, I found it too uncomfortable.Way too small I was very disappointed.Simply Amazing.to tight for xxlNot comfortable at all - due to fit.  They simply just did not fit right for me.We were surprised how cheap the quality was. Granted it is only $90, but Columbia did put there name on it so we expected something better. We returned it. Did much better shopping the sales in town for last years models.I am 5 foot 1 inch, the scoop neck pulls down in front, showing more of me than I like. This size extra small meant for a taller woman.
I am NOT HAPPY WITH THIS TANK TOP!!!!I bought this watch in January.  It looks great and is not too large on the wrist.  Unfortunately, the watch does not keep time, stopping and restarting on occasion.  Recently,when this happened, I decided to change out the battery.  The watch was still working, but not keeping time.  After I changed the battery, the watch stopped altogether.  I used a proper tool to remove and reseal the back, and did not damage the watch in any way.  I put the old battery back in, in case the new battery was defective.  No success.

When I bought the watch, I had registered it with Invicta's warranty service. When I went to their website to initiate service, I learned that all repairs are made out of the country, and there would be a 90 day turn-around time.  I also learned that the free warranty repair came with a $28.00 shipping fee!  Since I only paid about twice that for the watch, it did not make much sense to pay to repair it and wait 90 days.  If you are one of the fortunate people who gets one of these and it works well, congrats.  In my experience, it will be a hit or miss proposition.  I will try another brand next time around.Decent quality shirt, good summer weight. May be a little light for cooler weather.Fix the sizing issues and explain to those who have not figured out on their own how to tie them.Look nice but fit is poor.Rubber chain is not goodThese boots are very narrow and I have to send them back. Also not a realistic looking pleather.Is like 2 size too smallThese shoes are really nice and very comfortable too. The first time I wore them was to an event that involved a lot of walking.  I wore them all day and into the evening, and I was comfortable and fashionable the entire time. They add style to any casual outfit and look great with skirts, shorts, slacks or jeans.  They are true to size, and the description is completely accurate. I love this brand and have never been disappointed.  Thank you AMAZON.COM.Bulky. Nothing subtle about what's in you pocket.Shoes fit perfect and looks great.The boots are a bit smaller in the foot than I expected -- I can't wear thick socks with these. Thick socks make the boots waaay too tight. The shaft is also a bit shorter than I had expected -- I can't wear athletic ankle socks; the tops will peep over the top. I have to wear those little sockies that barely hit the ankle. I like the color; it's a medium gray. The soles don't have very good grip. I may have to add something so that I don't slip during rainy days. Otherwise, I am satisfied with my purchase.I didn't like is to small ,Way too small. I wear a gap jeans 30s. Size 10 short. The large barely fit ove hips and were skin tight. The XL exchanged for are barely bigger. These pants are nice if you are very small. They are asian size skinny jeans with a full bottom. If you have any fat on thighs they are too small. Would be great comfy pants if sized for Americans and came shorter. Overpriced. In California beach towns they sale for around $0I returned these because of inadequate arch support and because they seemed too loose for a 9. The two velcro adjustments were not helpful correcting the fit for my foot. Very attractive sandal that I was sorry I had to return.My husband wears this fleece constantly. It is perfect for inside during the winter.SO SMALL! Lost them after a few days. They dropped out, really frustrated. The backs are very loose.Size fit as expected however, the pockets are huuuuuge. They hang down on the sides like potato sacks. Not flattering.These are great maternity pants! Very comfortable and fit great. Im 58 and they were long enough for me.Length is about right, but the waist would fit at least a size larger...more like a husky fit than a slimLove itHandles are smaller than expected, and the bag itself is longer than expected. Very cute bag. Very sturdy canvas. I'd rate it 5 stars if it didn't smell funny and if the handles were longer.Great length but not soft. Was hopeful that use and washing would help but it hasn't.Too cute.Not a great purchase.... very, very small. Do not recommend.  Difficult to purchase fine jewelry online.Runs super small. The padding is overwhelming not for someone with a large bust.Nice looking vest, but the XL size I received as a gift is WAY too small.Cute but tightReturned, didn't care for themFit extremely small and it is very thin.I ordered a size bigger thinking it would allow for more toe area but it was too big and too late to order the right size for my event. But the shoe itself appeared well made and I would have kept them if they had fit so I rated a 3not really good fleece quality, could eb better like Carters ' productsFit ok. Been wearing Jockey for years and this is different.Great shoes, very comfortable. Ordered size 9,fits as expected. They do look a little cheap, but they were only $24!not really what the description was as far as comfort and memory foam.  Not that comfortable to walk in for a distance.Doesn't work.  The pins that are provided to force the watchband pin out are too weak and bend with little effort.  I was able to get two pins out of my watchband but in the process all but one of the tool push pins broke and I wasn't able to get the rest of the watchband pins out.  I tried to do it the alternative way they suggested and even the thicker part of the pin, which I used to try and push the watchband pin out, bent!Very weird fit. Bought a size larger as others recommended. It fit width wise but was super short. Like...SUPER short.I gave it 3 stars because the regular size 16 was too small and the size 16W was too big. They need better sizing. Also,  I need a regular rise for them to stay up - this mid-rise style kept falling down (within seconds of trying them on). They were also itchy. The length was good.These scrubs are HUGEgreat costumeFair. Super cute looking in the outside but very flimsy. Not a lot of support. Good for a one or two day thing but wear downs very quickly. Love the way they look though! I wish someone would work on making these more functional.These have streaks in the color.

Aside from that they fit perfect-Im 54, 132 lb and purchased a large.I really like this swim diaper.  Material is soft.  It does run a little small, so I would suggest sizing up.I have purchased many products via Amazon for many years, & have always been more than satisfied and happy that the seller's product marketing info have been in sync with the overall quality of the product. However..Not with this product and purchase. I am so very upset and disappointed with the horrendous quality of this pair of Arkham Knight Deluxe Scarecrow Gloves from Rubie's Costume. 
In addition to the gloves being ridiculously large (These gloves were wide enough to wear around thighs as shorts! ), these gloves had such an extremely cheap look and finish, with a shabby and sloppy paint job which left sloppy paint steaks all over these gloves!) These gloves are absolutely terrible!
Extremely poor quality! So very angry and disappointed especially since the actual product is nothing like the product description and photo on Amazon!  Am very upset & disappointed w/Rubie's Costume Co.
I want my money back!I fell in love with the style, free flowing, of this dress. A little disappointed with the quality but I still rocked it!!!I have loved Skechers in the past.  As of late, the stitching quality has seriously deteriorated.  Two seams have seperated on this pair of shoes in just normal wear; one front and one side.  Makes me very leery of future purchases.colorfulFrom the seller I bought from, I'm kinda weary about the authenticity. The box came a little damages, the tissue paper inside was torn to shreds, and if they're not authentic, I hope they last as long as an authentic pair. They look beautiful. Thank you!!These were not wide enough for my calves and I haven't had that problem with previous knee boots from merrell. disappointing.Fun. fits well. Polyester, I believe.Too large. Need different sizesI like these shoes and fit perfectly.Very comfortable fit, true to ordered size. Only thing is, the white gold doesnt really look like white gold. Its kinda dingy. Otherwise Im very pleased with the purchase.I asked for the ones white and black!!! With the shoe sole WHITE!!! Not brownThis isn't cotton or anything similar to it, this feels like a silkish material, very soft, sort of like what a kid would wear to bed, the picture is just as described & so is the color but that's about where it ends, would never have ordered if I had known....& yes it takes a long time as it's coming from china directly.They are comfortable but arm length is a little short for an XL. Overall size of top is a little smaller than I expected, but pants fit as expected.Very meh.Its not that white as expected but it was fine, it was what i expected only the white was kinda like a beige.Definitely order one size up. I like my sports bras snug, however, this one was cutting into me and I ordered my size. I like it enough though that I am ordering up a size in hot pink! Hopefully that one will fit perfectly.Well, the material isn't real leather, which is okay, but it actually doesn't seem to fit an adult sized person. The sword is definitely humongous for a child so I was kind of confused why the belt was so small.Fell apartThe dress fits well and looks just ok. There is no lining, and the fabric is a bit too thin which reveals anything you are wearing underneath it. I also thought the zipper was difficult to pull up, probably due to the low quality of the materials - expected with the price. Definitely not a good choice if you need to dress up for work or an interview. But ok to wear for an event (low lights) or somewhere you don't really need to look extra sharp.I read so many reviews that I decided go for half size bigger and W but it was a bad decision. They were huge!!!! The leather is good but not 5 stars qualitthe quality is not so good / I am size 8 and I ordered size 9 to feet me well. so it runs a size smaller. I don't love the color.Must bigger then expected tried to shrink to no avail. Order at least one size smaller than you normally wearCompletely different outfit arrived. Still a cute outfit, just not the one that was shown.Size was a tad bit smaller than a previous size I ordered. Color was spot on.Definitely not a size 6.  Too short and too narrow. I ordered two pairs and this one, black, was very disappointing. The other pair fit perfectly.I have been buying these slippers as far back as the 1970's and for about the last 10 years have been wearing them on a daily basis.  This last pair I bought in 2014 were of much lower quality than than I have come to expect from Minnetonka.  The leather is not nearly as thick, so the slipper has a tendency to collapse when trying to slip them on without using my hands.  Also the pile lining seems to be thinner and less resilient to daily use.  Wearing these, I also have created a hole in the rawhide stitching where the leather came loose from the rawhide and cannot be repaired.  The previous pairs of these that I have bought have lasted up to 4 years or more, this pair didn't even make it to 2 years before becoming pretty useless.Good product.. Kind of a tan color rather than a gold but it does the job. It looks god anyway. Gwt the smallest size because even the smallest size is quite large.Item is great fitting and light weight for summer use.The darker blues ended up being royal blue instead of navy blue as described and shown on the picture. But the fit was perfect, I'm 5'5" and 148#, and they are super-soft  and comfy.I couldn't even touch it without having to wash my hands because the latex smell was so strong.The picture appears dark brown, but it's really very red.  I would return it if I was going to carry it around, but since i'm just using it to corral cards in a desk drawer, it's fine.  Some of the card slots are super tight, and leave color on any white cards you may try to cram in them.I absolutely love these!! They fit wonderfully and don't ride up. Plus they're really comfortable.After reading reviews stating how large this shoe ran, I ordered a 6.  As a general rule, I wear a 7, but in dress shoes and boots wear a 6 1/2 or a 6.  I do have a very high arch and this shoe feels tight. This shoe is also too short and sadly, I will be returning it.  I ordered this for a trip we are taking soon and I don't know if I can receive a larger pair in time.  I really wanted this shoe as my mother-in-law and both of my sisters-in-law love fitflops.  Their experience has been that the shoe doesn't need breaking in and you can walk all day in them.  Wish it were easier to find them in the store.I order them for some one birthday and he loves them I order half a size up n fitted him perfectlyShipping was faster than I expected, boot feels great and priced just righti had clarks wave sandals and really liked how they felt on my feet.
When i first put this sneaker on it felt like i had hit a winner again but after walking for a distance.the toe box is too narrow and felt shallow.  i wear them with different show inserts now but notice then the tonuge area of show starts to feel too tight.The shoes pinch at the peep toe and run somewhat small.Total junk. What a waste of money. Never even worked after I received it a month after ordering it. Don't waste your money.These were too small for me. Gave them to a friend. He was happyLoved having this for the holidays. Sad it didn't have pockets like the other color style options did. I did not notice till after the fact.For those who are Naruto fans (pretty much anyone who is looking at this product, I'm sure), you will know that Tsunade's necklace has the two metal pieces with the much larger, turquoise, gem-like stone in the middle.  The product that came in the mail was in official Naruto packaging, but the center "gem" was also a piece of metal.

Upon further inspection of the picture that displays this product, I realized that it shows it is metal, but the photographer cast a blue light on the metal of the center gem to make it appear gem-like, rather than metal.  It seems to me to be dishonest, but I also can't complain because it did come in official packaging.

I'd assume purchasing the same necklace anywhere else would reap the same results, but I am a bit disappointed in the lack of craftsmanship and authenticity on the part of the company who made the necklace.I ordered an xxL my fauly lovely dressThese aren't made for arch support so I wasn't upset as they are sandals after all. They are really pretty and fit as expected. I have an issue with the heel as there are some places where something lumpy is just under the vinyl covering that I expect may rub through quickly. It's a construction issue and doesn't immediately affect the look so for the price I paid, it's not a deal breaker. I've attempted to capture pictures showing the lumps but I'm not sure they are showing. One heel has several of these lumps while the other has just one small one. The color is a beautiful true red. On my computer the color appears pink but rest assured, they are red.  The fabric is satiny soft. The only issue with the fit is that the band around the ankle is a bit loose and I even ordered these a full size less than I normally wear since they are completely open but it's no so much to make me unhappy with the purchase. They are very pretty sandals, definitely dressy, but would go just as well with a pair of jeans. Be forewarned that there is very little padding on the footbed so if you need that, you may not want to get these as wearing them with an insole is not an option since one would show and would shift in the open design. As for the look of the sandal, they are posh looking...very pretty. I'm happy!I got these in two colors.  The material is kind of different: Sweatshirt material, but more clingy. I ordered a Large and it is a bit snug around the hips. 5' 9" 175.  I am somewhat narrow shaped as my hips are almost in line with my core. Also, this shirt is meant to be worn with leggings: It is almost too long to be a shirt, rather more like a tunic.I received these boots and love them.  I took the advance of others and ordered a half size bigger. They felt a bit tight when I tried them on but after a few minutes they were fine.  They are so nice I wore them to teach kindergarten in. I would buy these again!be careful what size you order...I love Fly London shoes but these were not as great as other pairs I own.  I'll be returning them.  You don't have to unbuckle them as the strap is actually velco (which I can't decide if I like) but regardless the straps rubbed my ankle a little more than I'm willing to put up with for this quality of shoe.  The thing that actually did these in for me is that the peep-toe cut out is very large and cut back quite a ways up your foot.  It made my toes looks freakishly long in a very unflattering way.was a giftjust got these today!!!! I must say i love them!!! They are very easy to slip into your ears once you get one of the cones off, it's a little tricky, took me about 20 minutes to get enough of a grip on it,  balls would be better but i couldn't find any that were amazon primed. Oh well, they will get the job done.

i got them because my cartilage piercing in my ear swelled ALOT more than normal an it was so swollen i couldn't wear the jewelry that my piercer gave me without causing damage or a longer healing time Now it has some room to breath and it can either swell more or heal, swelling's gone down in the last couple of days though so thats good!Very glowy so order down a size. It's freestyle tie with no directionswhile they fit they were not soft and hubby did not like them - returnedThe embroidery is definitely not what I expected. Loose strands ruined the design.The outfit was for halloween and my daughter went to put it on when it was time to go to work and it was too small.  The sizing was much too small for a womens medium which she wears all the time and it wouldn't fit.  It has the tags still on and obviously has not been worn.  Now I find out that I can't get my money back because it must be returned within 10 days of purchase-$50 wasted.  I am angry!!!!!Too small for size 12 shoe.These aren't shorts they're pants that would be classified as floods.  Stitching is poor.  Just a disappointment.Bought the Queen plus because I am 195 and 5'3. It actually fit too loose for my liking.Love these chukkas.  Very stylish and comfortable.I have bought these before and love them for our frequent trips.  This particular set had several of the bags tear along the zipper seam the first use.  They were not stuffed full - had plenty of room for more, but 2 of the bags tore anyway.
I've ordered them before without problems..this order had 2 bags that were not the same quality.Good fit, comfortableI love these pants and they really are lined. They have a drawstring, thankfully with two ends rather than a continuous loop.
A note on sizing: I take 34x29 pants and am somewhere in between a small and of medium. I have both and both fit adaquately although I have come to prefer the feel of the larger ones with more room, even though the small size looks nattier. Hope this helps you decide.It didn't flow as the picture looked like it would. It was tighter than expected and clung around the tummy and hips.Super poor quality material- it's practically see through.  I wore it once then cleaned my bathroom with it.  I suggest paying a little more for something that you'll want to actually wear.I absolutely love this pocket book. It was a little Smaller than most of them, but it still has plenty of room. to put all my stuff. I love the material. It is so soft. I will definitely be ordering another one. I would definitely recommend this purse.Fabric feels great on your skin and waist is super comfy!I like the bag, but after carrying it for two weeks, the material that holds the hand on is beginning to crack. I can see that it will not last much longer. I have not over-filled the bag. There is room for lots more things than I carry. It is designed well, except for the cracking.A very cheap purseagain for church play needed something quickly and not expensive.  Did the job and we can save it for another time. Thank you so muchAfter washing several times, the color fades out and look old...Durable. Fit well. Happy with product!I've never bought a pair of shoes online before.  This was a good experience for me.  They look great and fit well. The best part was the price.  I was definitely surprised.I like the pack and the fact it's made of recycled material.  Unfortunately, the included bottle doesn't live up to past Mountainsmith standards.  Cheaply made and leaks unless you get the seal just so.  I'm looking for a replacement bottle to go with the pack.My purpose for buying this top was merely for comfort under a scratchy sweater, which it dies very nicely. However, if you are purchasing this to wear solo, get a size up.Very light weight nice but they came with smashed toes and when you wear them they look all caved in at the toes.... very bummedSmaller than I expected. my fault for not reading size. but well worth the moneyThis is my second pair of Altra shoes (first pair was a different "model"). I'm female, 170 lbs, 5 ft 4 in, with osteoarthritis and injured knees. I walk, but don't run. I can walk comfortably in these for a few miles without a problem. Then my knees hurt and I stop. Arch support in Lone Peak is better than the previous I had. Can hardly wait to see how far I can go once I get one shot knee replaced. I highly recommend ALTRA. In fact, I recommend them so highly as to say "don't wear any other brand of shoe, ever."  If your toes are already damaged from being smashed into a pointy shape, you might feel strange wearing them at first. But just wait until your does get a chance to be in a natural position. You'll never go back, in my not-so-humble opinion.perfect, super soft! a little big size
(bought 2753 size)torn within one wear.  I'm rough on clothes and expect athletic clothes to be more durableBeautiful!Nice socks but they're no thicker than regular socks. Since I was looking specifically for thicker socks I probably would not have purchased these had there been a few reviews to read that day. Now you have at least 3 to read ;-)  If you don't need thick, they're fine.I would not recommend this to anyone to wear.  we tried to put it on her for almost an hour and could not figure it out..  if it was made with clips instead of just a 1 piece then it might be better.

DO NOT BUY.  I REPEAT DO NOT BUY.has very good material but the sizes come very largeNice looking ring, looks larger online.  Good for a teenager, wish I would have ordered as a pinkey ring.These are Snikers. Not hikers and not exactly sneakers. I put one of these shoes on one foot and put my old Keen hiking shoe on the other. Then I replaced that hiking boot with my Gel Asic sneakers. The Asics have a firmer sole! This model has one of the support I count on in the mid-foot of a hiking shoe. Hybrid design seems to be the new trend but they need to give it a new name so we can stop ordering the wrong thing. They are VERY good looking and clearly well made. The fit was too large in the toe box for me. I wanted to love them, they are striking.Crazy huge cups.These were all great fit well and she loved themVery cute shoes!Didn't fit rightPurchased two pairs of Levi's.  One pair had a seam that was not stitched completely so there was a gaping hole in the outside seam.  A seamstress friend was able to repair or I would have returned.The boot is quite narrow. I would not say that I have a wide foot. It is probably fairly normal in width but the boots are quite narrow.Was initially unsure about what size to order, as I wear a 6, but these fit perfectly.  Just note, when they say long, they are REALLY LONG!  But I'll be wearing these with high heels, lol!  Love my Levi's!I am only 5 feet 4inches and these pants are too short for me. I would not buy these pants.Advertised as "soft footbed",but they aren't.  Other than that, they are fine and a nice color.These are great for work jeansI read the reviews & it was saying that the sizes run small so order a size bigger. I did so & it was a little to big. I could've got my normal size & it would've been perfect. But I guess it just depends on the person. No biggie tho i can just put it in the dryer and hope it will shrink.Wow looking and feeling...had to purchase the black...but the black is a little close but also looks greatSmell like hell!! Unfotunately, they got a terrible odor, with the use, these are the only shoes that odor is strong that stinks, is a pity because the shoes has a nice design and are very comfortable, but with that detail I have need to stop use them. I have 2 pairs and both are the same.They are cute, however the knit top ripped almost immediately (it catches on the top hooks) and the zipper broke after one month of wear.  Pretty color and comfy wear, but they are unusable now as they are torn up and the zippers are broken. 6 weeks of wearI have used a competitor's packing envelope in the past but when it needed to be replaced I decided to try out Dot&Dot's because of the pricing and awesome reviews. I recently purchased the brilliant red Dot&Dot 18" Packing Sleeves/Folders. The package arrived swiftly and in excellent condition. The red coloring is as displayed in the pictures and I am very satisfied. The quality of the material used is good, with sturdy construction. The design of the product is very simple and the detailed diagrams that are included instruct you how to properly use the product.

I will be using my packing envelope while backpacking throughout Europe for 3 months. In preparation for the trip I have used the product during a practice run hike. I was able to pack 8+ shirts and 2 pairs of pants within each packing envelope. They could still easily fit within my 4000 cubic cm (Medium sized) backpack. When I opened my backpack I was easily able to remove the items of clothing that I desired and the clothing remained wrinkle free.

One of the best features of the product is that the envelope has adjustable size exactly according to the amount of clothing that you have stored within it. In other words while backpacking, I am able to wear a shirt, when it has become dirty I can separate it from the rest of my clean clothes that remain folded within the packing envelope and tighten down the envelope to keep these clean cloths wrinkle free and organized.

I highly recommend this product for casual travelers that want to keep their clothes organized and wrinkle free and also the more rugged travelers who desire to cut down on their packing volume and stay presentable in appearance.somewhat large because of the stretch ability but great shorts.This is a great addition for a costume, or maybe even a toy for a child. I used it two weekends in a row to go along with my Zorro costume. It survived multiple parties and didn't seem ill-fitting at all. The part that fits into a belt is actually an extremely beneficial asset, one that I believe many people overlook. Although I will admit it is quite flimsy, and it broke off the sheath after three of four hours of use. It wasn't a problem though, because I was still able to just keep my sword on my hip and my belt was tight enough to hold it in place. Definitely a good buy! The only thing that was a little disappointing was the price, considering it probably doesn't cost nearly $15 to make and ship. Overall though I'd recommend!I purchased these jeans and read the reviews on how they run larger in size, I am a size 10 so I ordered these in a size 9, I was really disappointed when they arrived to discover even the size 9 was too big so I had to return them. I would advise getting these jeans 2 sizes smaller than you normally wear, had these been a size 8 they would have probably fit perfect, too bad they are super cute.My teen son liked it! The material is soft. The design on the front did not peel away. Unfortunately it shrank. Now, he won't wear it out of the houseI love the design however I just can't seem to order my correct size I've already gone two sizes up and the shoes are still too narrow. It is an amazing looking shoe and I would love to wear it but, its quite uncomfortable with the extreme narrowness of the shoe.purchased for my granddaughter. she loved it thanksI have broad shoulders and tight waste ( don't hate ) So I like the fit.Nice looking shoe, but be careful if you buy them to wear for lots of walking.  Got some serious blisters when walking around in Vegas when wearing these shoes.  I have never had that problem when wearing Skechers for lots of walking, so you may have to sacrifice comfort if you wear these shoes!Excellent QualityWire and washed about 6 times the stitching started coming out had to re sew them more stitching came loose. Seams poorly doneI thought they wee big but they were too small , too short and the colors were not as seen on AmazonHem is longer then i thought but still beautifulGreat, stylish looking shoe! This color goes with many different styles, even with shorts. I've received many compliments. The only thing I wish is that the Nike insole was better padded. The insert piece is very thin, so I had to purchase a thinker Dr. Scholl's insert for better comfort. Other than that, the fit is great and very light weight. Really liking the unique look!Good quality and arrived quickly . Would have liked them to be a bit more fitted but still good! Bought size small. Good value for price!the material is thick, heavy, shiny and stretchy.  My fault I guess for not checking but I thought it was a summery cotton dress but it is more like one of my mom's old polyester night gowns.  the print is cute wish the material matched the summery vibes.  Think I will have to return.Love my DawgsIm 4'11 and about 113 LBS.  These pants fit really nice.  The material is a little rigid but its not uncomfortable at all.Loved what I expected to be a Kelly green colored skirt. What do not was more of a blue green colored fabric that was a shiney nylon that looked like I was wearing a tight half slip. Awful garment. Do not buy!I loved it until my husband ring started chipping after only having it a few days!Loved how it looked. HATE that it would fit a 10 year old girl.
The "high halter style neck" comes to the top of my ribcage.
I'm 5'7" and 39"-28"- 38". I thought XL would fit.
Size chart is laughable
Only gave "one star"  b/c I couldn't submit the review without it. Trying to save someone else from the same mistake.Fake product. NOT original.As advertisedIt actually enhances my breast size, (it's not a minimizer bra) and doesn't give enough support for larger breasts.

It's very comfortable but it is stretchy all over so the back rides up, and when I walk I'm too bouncy (which gets the wrong kind of attention, for me).  I'll use it as a sleep bra, but can't take the attention it creates to use it under my regular clothes.

The under-wires are padded which keeps them from annoying, which is a great feature.  Also, the straps are wider than average, so they don't cut into the shoulders.These run Very large. My husband wears 44 x 32 so we ordered 3x just to be sure they were comfortable staying at home/lounging pants. He couldn't keep them up even with the draw string. :) We've exchanged for 1x but haven't received them yet.Bad product.  Kept falling off.  Finally lost one.  Poor design.Didn't know what to expect when I ordered Two Boxes of these. I have a pair on now. Haven't got use to putting my cock into a little slot, which I line a couple of sheets of toilet paper. You won't feel you have anything on.Nothing wrong with it, it just didn't suit me. Looked kind of clunky on me. Color was too bright for my taste.Color exactly like picture but ran big.This is the most I ever paid for boots, but wow Im so happy with them now! At first they squeezed my metatarsal , but after wearing around the house, they quickly loosened up! Im 52 & in my 140s, the calf is a little tight, but comfortable , think they are a good investment !I went by the measurement chart....The top was to small but the bottoms fit just right....I loved it so much I ordered a size larger to change out the tops so I can wear it....overall it was made of good material and is so cute on....I was pleased with this dress only negative was it had pads in the breast part that u can see and not able to remove.this is awful. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .the worst do not buyI ordered the wrong size. Other than that, they seem to be good quality.too skinny-not as pictured-item returnedFar smaller than the size I purchased, clearly cheaply made.  I can't even fit in the pair I purchased despite it being my normal size.It is a piece of junk. I am not satisfy. Dont waste your money. After 2 weeks that I use it has many scratches and the color is not shiny as first day.Love this shirt and it fits well!sent them  back...just did't care for themI just didn't like the weight or ankle length. Give to my grandson.Good fit and nice looking. I am considering ordering another pair.The ASICS Men's GEL-Craze TR is much too narrow and I was forced to return these shoes to Amazon. I do not have wide feet, and standard width shoes normally fit quite well. I tried to suffer through for a few days, thinking the shoes needed to "break in"; however, after about 7-8 workouts I couldn't handle suffering through the pain or cutting my workout short.Got as a gift for my brother- fit very well and he was super pleased with the style and colors!The chain tarnished almost immediately.The size is fit with my feet, received faster than date shown. My feet comfirtable, nothing pain walk with this sandalLove the color of the skirt. Good length and very comfy. Only problem is after a few washes the skirt starts to fold oddly at the bottom. Kind of like the creases don't line up.They keep my hands worm.  Fit as expectedJust a little too small in general and the straps are barely long enough, which I've never seen before. Also the cups point off to the sides too much so it creates a kind of weird shape. Still fits and does its job, but not as comfortable or flattering as other styles.The shoe tends to scrunch up when you tie the laces, which just looks ugly.  After a few months, the sole started to separate from the top.  Not the quality I've come to expect from New Balance.Material is a bit like a plastic table cloth and most likely will wash with windex not in the washer.Very nice jacket!I ordered 10 of these necklaces and only got ont?? Now what?Was more like a 7 then an 8First off the sizing is off I had to use a shoe stretcher to make them fit properly. Secondly first time I wore these boots the outside layer of the boot got scuffed at the tip and started to come off. This was with-in the first hour of wearing. I walked out my house to my car and then from my car into the office and this is when i noticed the sole coming apart.. Poor quality I would not buy again. Unfortunately I have had these boots too long to return.  Once again beware poor quality.The width from one side to the other long-ways is good, but from back to front it's a little too narrow.  I expected it to be a little more covering.  It's easy for your back to get wet unless you are very tiny.  Might work better if you walked in a single file line, but walking side by side will be hard to cover both of you well.I usually wear mens large, this item fits quite well, the look and feel is excellent and they go with all my outfits.Comfortable fit.This was purchased for a stocking stuffer at Christmas for both of my boys. This was a big, giant hit with them!!I expected the band to be wider than it is--the picture shows what I expected, but the width is much less than pictured.Itchy! Not terribly, but too itchy for me.  Pretty color. It fits sloppy in the middle, around the waist.  I wear a size small.  I returned it.I bought this for my 6 year old son. When I got it the first thing I noticed is that it's really small. It's suppose to be 16 inches. It's only 12. A full size folder and notebook will not fit in it. Then it wasn't even the backpack that was pictured online. My son was very disappointed. The good thing is my 3 year old daughter loves it. It is perfect for her.At one point, this was actually a quite respectable product.  The first few pairs I bought lasted several years.  But there has been a dramatic decline and I found that, even with only occasional wear, they don't make it through a single season with both the cloth uppers and rubber soles rapidly disintegrating.  The manufacturer should concern himself less with giving away shoes and more about selling decent merchandise.Super cute, comfy denim sandal.After one usage the blouse is ruined if you put the seatbelt over.tighter than I wantedThe price lured me in... two bags for the price of less than one! Should have known better. The bags have tons of compartments, but the design makes it hard to put items in that have any thickness to them. The exterior material is an odd canvas like fabric that does not clean easily. The interior material is a thin nylon that rips and frays easily. Spend the money for a better quality and stay away from these if you want a lasting cross-body bag.The grommet and ring used on the top to hook on a bag came come out from the shell upon first trial when the bags were empty. They did travel well but need skid plates on the bottom rear when pulling them across slightly uneven sidewalk. I did appreciate the four wheels as opposed to just two wheels on other brands. These made moving the bags while in line at the airport much easier. You must be very delicate when zippering it up however. The zipper wants to bind and if that happens it winds up being a gamble whether or not you can get it back open without damage.Ordered same size as I wear in Levi's 505 Regular fit denim, but these are not cut to the same pattern. Buy 'em where you can try 'em on.Piece of the laces busted off when tyeing.Very largeThese leggings are comfy! I have two pairs and would like to buy another.I had never bought Carhartt before, but thought I'd pay a premium to get some rugged, durable cargo pants.  I should have read more of the reviews.  I see now that others have already reported the holes in the fabric I'm getting where the side pockets are sewn on.  Big holes!  Unusable after wearing about a dozen times.  No more Carhartt for me!Loved it!what I expected.The colors are great but it fits like a shapeless tent. The colors are good enough that I'm willing to spend the time hand smocking some shape into this garment instead of returning it. The fabric is light and gauzy. The length is long enough for capri tights. I'm 38D and it fits but this would look better on someone less busty.OkThese jeans are cute but way too small.  I read the size chart and ordered what I thought would fit.  The dark wash is a nice style but I just don't like that they are the stretch type of jeans.  I miss regular fitting jeans.There is one spot that bothers my top left foot where all the materials join together. Other then that they are perfect and very cute!Fits a little snug, doesn't stretch out over time.Enjoying my beautiful flower bag in this beautiful day in South Florida!  Dasein you did good with this bag.The shoe itself is very attractive looking and appears well-made -  just too loose for my foot.
Usually the Naturalizer brand is perfect for me.I ordered a size 14 and it fits my size 2 grand daughter.  International postage costs $95 to return.They were too smallSize selection was confusing since it doesn't especify if it was for men or womenthe bestThese shoes are very attractive on the foot as well as comfortable.  You will be very pleased with your purchase if you decide to get these sandals.  They arrived  on time as promised.Pant size 32, a xl was waaaaay to small, looks nice on my wife, thoughI am a L. I ordered XXL knowing the sizing. it barely fits. But nice shirtVery pretty but hard to wear. Thought crown was one not repeated all the way around. It itches, pokes and irritates. Is going to take awhile hopefully will get use to itJust ok. I've ordered other shirts from this company that held up better. The fabric "balled up" after a couple gentile washed.My son didn't really like the shoe but it was my fault so I gave them to my husband.  I didn't notice until after they arrived but they have a very strange piece of gaudy yellow green fabric that covers the right toe.  It only shows in one of the website pics.  I have never seen an Adidas shoe quite like this.  It's strange.It was awesomeI am a true size 8. This shoe runs very small. I gave it 2 because it is cute and I received it in a timely fashion. Unfortunately I was not able to take them on vacation because they didn't fit. If you buy this item you need to order a size up.remember your paying for looks, after a few trips the cover will start to rip.Pretty, but looks more like leaves than feathers. Also had to take one charm off and flip it around because it was on backwards.I got an 8 and I was so excited to get them, for them to finally come and they are so tight that they cut up the back of my ankles :(Good but runs smallI got these for my dad for Christmas and was extremely disappointed when I opened the box and found grass stuck in the pegs of the shoe and some wear on the pressure points such as side, toe and heel. Very upset and was too late to send back and wait. I give 2 stars because my dad loved them anyway after I cleaned them up the best I could. Be ashamed.these glasses are WAY too big.........can't wear them.I like the handle and the pocket with zip one the back,very useful.I am extremely pleased with the comfort of the shoes.

If you train with them for Parkour and Freerunning, the shoes are light, durable, and great on shock absorption.
ASICS by far is my favorite brand!i bought this for a friend who was having a little boy they were really excited about it and like it alotGreat looking sweater.  I'll admit that the material probably isn't the best out there, but I actually like it because it keeps the neck part nice and sturdy so it doesn't get all sloppy (which really irritates me).  I really hate when people leave their size out so here goes:
I'm 6'1, 165.  I ordered the Asian XL=US L.  The fit is almost perfect, nice and slim.. EXCEPT I wish it were about 2 inches longer.  Therefore I wash it and let it hang dry..because I'm scared to dry it  :/Very cute. Love thisIt's nice and all but you gave me a small when I ordered a medium!!!! But it was really good quality.thinner then expected but its a womens scarf is their clothing ever think and useful? no. girlfriend loves it so im happy.i actually sent them back for a different color.Seeem to be made to fit a much larger body type
the seat and leg room were far too large/roomyLiked the shoe but will be returning as it runs on the small sideit shrunk and lost its shape after it was washed. not what i expected from tri mountain.I bought this cincher because it was long, but I found it to be a bit short for my torso. The quality of the material is good. It runs small. I got a different size than what I ordered, but it turns out the size I received works for me because as I said before it runs small. Overall, it's a good product for the money.looks cheap but feels ok for the priceFits well, padding is great.Already falling apart after only few days
Afraid to try to even washI'm not a huge fan of these socks.  They're kind of loose on me (10.5 mens).  They've held up well over the last couple of months, but the fitment is throwing me off.It looks great but for super skinny girls its a bit big....wish you would make an extra small...otherwise it was greatI ordered these for my 8 year old daughter and her size is 1 they gave us a 6-7 and she was very upset because she really likes them but large size she Wheres them to school no matter what size but she is falling down with them and she said I want to give them back and get just right ones!! shes ben bugging me seince last year December 23 I go like ok we will order them when we can she was really mad at the people who told the others to bring size 4!! shes like Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr MOM I WANT THE RIGHT SIZE she prays all the time for it to be here in no time!!!!It was GREEN!
Not cool!
Otherwise well constructed. My revolution was postponed so in short good mask bad color. ThanksArms are so small and shoulders are made for a boy!first, there is NO MEMORY FOAM, and that was what I needed for my heels......can't return because they come from the UK....but they are very pretty , I put inserts in the heel......Sizes run a little high i think so if your a half size like me, i wouldnt get the next biggest... cuz you cant retuen them...Product arrived on time and as promised. They are a little snug but I believe they will strech a bit as they are worn/washed.Good shoes for a good price.! Love em.!Broke right away, very flimsyMy boyfriend lives in Fargo nd and in winter he always wears long underwear and he's had good luck with the fit and comfort of these long underwear so I ordered 5 pairs 4 seemed okay but 1 set had a much shorter leg than the other since my boyfriend has fairly normal legs obviously 1 set was useless.  I still think they are worth buying especially when they are only about 9 bucks a pair.HORRIBLE!!!
VERY POOR QUALITY AND VERY BAD TERMINATION, IS NOT COLOR WHITE, IT SEEMS THAT THING IS DIRTY, AND WAS BROKEN.  JUST DO NOT BUY IT.Perfect for a sports bag - my daughter uses it for basketball and it has just the right amount of room. A+They came on time. Were in great condition. Even came with a brand new cloth to clean them. Ear socks fit. Its like I got a whole brand new pair of glasses.These shoes were very cute but they didn't fit right....bad enough i jave big feet but jeezz. this is the second pair iv bought from this seller and none fit. Had to return the first one. This one I may have to give away. :(it needed to have the straps sewn to the dress and it was covered with little red fibers, but all in all it was a nice little dressI love the look of the boot but the reviews warned me it was too narrow and they are could be much better especially for NaturalizerGreat conservative work shoe! Comfortable, as a reliable lounger with a pop of style. The color goes with browns and burgundy's, perfectly!Loved itGreat company! I'd order a size bigger than usual!Loved the dress but definitely not true to size. Way too tight everywhere especially under arms.These shoes are very nice but I ordered the same size as other New Balance shoes I wear and they were a little small.  You MIGHT want to go a 1/2 size bigger than normal.Meh. I don't like the crystal. I was expecting clear, not metal with sparkle. Haven't been using it.Broke immediately, heart broken!It started discoloring after the 3rd day of wearing itVery disappointed.  I like my t-shirts long but I could wear this thing as a dress.Very cute, but the plastic is very hard, so it rubs on my pinky toes and hurts like crazy . I wear them when I'm going to be sitting somewhere for the whole dayI have bought other sandals the same style such as the Reggaes-Rasta and they fit fine.  I loved the color but could not get my foot or toe through the strap.  Very disappointed.Love itI'm 5'6" 135 lb and bought the medium, I have a small chest and had to tighten the straps quite a bit. A small probably would have worked. I wore it over tights for an 80s themed Crossfit workout. It was comfortable to work out in! Then I tried to wear it with out leggings under it, like it was tucked into my pants and the snaps were so uncomfortable and scratchy that within a few minutes it made my skin feel raw.These socks are cute just like the sales photos but they are on the thin side, feel is not too soft and when washed, they shrink quite a bit. It is best to order a size up if you are getting these. Personally, I would not re-buy these but due to the cute designs, my daughter loves them.too largeThe boot runs a little big, not the length but the overall width, BUT the composite toe is very narrow. If you order your "normal" shoe size, I'd suggest investing in some thick work socks. If not, the composite toe will be unbearable as they will cut into your big toe and pinky toe bones. Thick socks also help fill the boot up (the space between the top of your foot and the boot itself) which makes the overall "fit" better. The boots are EXTREMELY well built and I'm sure they will last a long time. The best part about them are the souls. Very comfortable (when the composite parts aren't digging in to you).Quality and fit are as expected.ABSOLUTELY LOVE. A bit small but that's what I assumed from the start. It's small and easy which makes it super convenient. Its still big enough to fit an iPhone wallet and I've had it for several months and it still looks brand newRough fabric, odd fit, poorly sewn. I returned this item.Not impressed with the material. Felt more like a curtain than jeans. The cut was so so, these went back.Not real silverDon't really like anything besides the color. I don't like the feel of it. When I move and bend the shirt slides up and i need to pull it down constantly. I like the spalding pants so much... Guess il just have to stick to that. I won't be buying their shirts again.After 3 washes in the delicate hand wash cycle and not put in dryer. They're falling apart.I am 5'6" 123lbs the large fit, but the straps were loose in the back, giving it a sloppy look, the medium would have been too small. It is well made, if I were an inch taller or had a longer torso, it would have been fine. I have long legs and my torso is average. I returned it.I ordered from here twice, once I ordered a large and then XL and BOTH wouldn't fit in the slightest. I wear a size 8 so I have no idea who makes the sizes for these but they're insane.

The fabric isn't stretchy in the slightest and neither size would go past my hips. I'd consider my size average but damn this place would make any average sized girl feel obese.

Returning both sizes and may try for a 2XL or 3XL This shirt is so cute and was perfect for my little one's 2nd birthday. The quality and design were great - he received a lot of compliments when we were out and about for his big day! I do feel that the shirt runs very small so just be aware of that before ordering!Perfect size... great quality!!! Very happy Love these elastic shoe laces I don't have to untie.  They look like brightly colored regular laces and work well.Would have given 5 stars but even with 1000 grams of thinsulate my feet and toes were still freezing cold other than that boots are great get heated socks maybeWas satisfied with my purchase.  Fit well and the size is what I wanted.Too small and I bought a size bigger because of the reviews. My 8 year old son will wear snow and rain boots all year if you let him. He hated how these fit. Waste of money. If purchasing try at storeI am 5' 4" 123 lbs and usually wear a size small or size 4 in everything off the rack.  Not this, I had to return the size 4 for a size 6 but then the chest/top was too big so had it altered to shorten the straps.  (Good thing I really liked this dress...) Love the color and the style so I am still happy with it.  The hidden zipper is difficult to zip, but not impossible.  My advice is to order early enough to send back if you need to as there is no way a true size 6 can fit in this dress.I loved this purse but the strap ripped off from the purse, big disappointment wasn't very strong.Way to big. I even measured before I bought this and I don't know if they sent me the wrong one or what but this is way bigger than it said it would be in the description. Good quality just wrong sizeI love this watch, the only one with metal strap.. This is my second one, one of the best looking watch.I really like this boot! It is very warm in snow and cold. It has very good traction too. I read a lot of the reviews before I ordered so I did order one whole size bigger. I normally wear an 8 and I ordered a 9 and it fits perfectly. I have gotten compliments on this boot even from men. Comfortable even from the very first wear. Love!its okThis is a pcs of garbage  imported  from china. im very disappoint at amazon from  let them sale item  like that  at the store thank uThis is the first of this kind of product I've tried.  Very realistic feeling.  Overall I'm very satisfied with the look they produce, but (perhaps as I should have expected) I think I need to purchase a slightly larger bra or bikini top in order to really conceal them.  (I'm an A.) I think they look better with an underwire than the regular triangle bikini top that has no support; with the latter they look a little saggy; with an underwire they look great!

I am a little concerned about them being fragile: I made a small dent in one trying on different tops, and I'm worried they might be destroyed if I dropped one or laid on my stomach.  I can't comment on how they compare to other products out there.

This seller shipped extremely quickly, for which I am very grateful!No complaints about the seller, because I never tried to contact him/her.
These are very pretty earrings. I bought them to wear with a navy dress and bolero jacket at my Mom's memorial service. One was  loose and kept falling off, so on the way to the church I tried to tighten the grip, which only made the hinge looser. Wish I knew how to fix it. I may try removing the back and attaching a new one from Michael's with super glue.  They are pretty enough to warrant a rescue attempt!The last great American blue jeans. This particular model/style fit very well. The color is dark & rich. I like the flexibility they provide without bunching in the crotch. I will buy them again.I love them, except they aren't durable at all. tears and rips on all of these I own.The word prison is way to small and everyone is thanking that I'm going to vote for that awful piece of **** . She makes me ashamed
To be a womanIt is not 100% cotton. Its acrylic and so a rip off.

I could have endangered myself gravely because I need a beanie to keep my hair safe from fire. This would have burned bright and injured me gravely.Very cute but they run large. Ordered my usual size and toes didn't reach the opening. Returning todayI ordered 3 pairs of Clarks sandal at the same time, all the same size.  I was amazed how much difference there was in how they fit.  I have worn their shoes in 9M for years but this pair fit on the large and loose side.  One of the other pairs was too small.  I guess I can't order their sandals on line anymore.I expected the quality of the material to be a bit better. Very thin and not fitted, as a yoga pant sould be. Not a very good decription regarding length either. Way too long for me and slip from my waist.It's a very cute necklace, but it looks cheaply made. The chain constantly snags onto my clothes and pulls on them.  Otherwise, it's a fun  accessory or gift idea!When I ordered these on Amazon, I specifically ordered the black ones. I received the white ones. I could use the white ones, so I didn't return them (also didn't return them because I have a Y chromosome). So far my experience with Dickies and Carhart products is that this is the quality that we used to get from almost all American made products prior to the 1970's - i.e. better than you expected or deserved for the price.
.
These are thick sox. Use them with tight shoes and you will cut the circulation off to everything below your ankles. They don't seem to overheat my feet. It's not been cold, so I can't say if they will keep my feet warm, but I would expect so. I use these in my lace up boots and they work great.Not that impressed, bit she lies it, so all is wellWe bought two of these jackets.  I agree that they run small.  We ordered 1 size larger than usual.  Within a few weeks, the zipper on both jackets had broken.  Luckily you can still button it up, but that isn't quite as warm b/c it lets some wind through the gaps in the buttons.  We live in Texas and will probably only use the jackets 10 times this entire season, so at the low price, they work for us.  If you need a coat for every day use, DO NOT BUY.  The hat was way too small, but the scarf was a nice addition.  The blue color and print are cute.Boots a little tight around the calfs. especially if you want to tuck your pants in the boot.These pants are on the big side - small petite fit okay in the hips, but were very long. But the worst part is that the fabric sheds in the dryer. Not just sheds, but voluminous weird flakes of black and blue bits. I've never seen anything like it, and it didn't stop with the second and third wash. I threw them away.My only thing would be that I expected am Opeque sock since that's what I had ordered, however what came was thin and since translucent. I ordered in both white and gray and both colors were like this. In my case it's not a huge deal, although I would of perfered them to not be so translucent. But over all the socks are good. They look pretty much exactly as shown besides the translucent thing, they stretch pretty feel, and fit snug around the thigh to stay onFit just right and it's a good materialHad to return. The material was fine but listen to other reviews -- it's way too short and I'm only 5'6.The only thing about these I don't care for is the sole being gray.  It makes them look like slippers and not clogs.  Maybe if it were a darker shade of gray?These shoes are crap!! I have had several pair on recommendation of orthotic maker and i'm DONE!! The soles just squish down and curve in a month and the stitching loosens I kept trying I feel like a fool But i was told I won't find anything better because i am a big person .....Ya that was BS Bought IRISH SETTERs Best in a long time Don't buy these they are overpriced JUNK oh and they aren't even close to waterproofI was disappointed with this cooling doo rag and never used it because it seems to be way too big.  I have an average size head, so perhaps the one I received was made wrong.The shirt arrive today. Here's the pros and the cons:
Pros:
-Lovely print, the color is bright and soft
-fabric very soft, comfortable to me skin.
Cons:
-The style does NOT look like the image. According to the image, the shirt is a loose, rectangular straight down, from top to bottom, shirt. What I got is a baggy cut/very big opening in the top 1/2 of the shirt, wide neck open, and a little narrow in the rim. so it is like a up-side-down triangle straight down, shirt.

A little disappoint, but what can I expected for such a price.Not bad. Exactly what I expected for the great (low) price. I would buy again for sure.Really comfortable and fits great! I'd recommend it to any members of the 5sos fam.Love this pair overall! (My right foot is slightly larger than left, so it's hard to find the best fit). But I purposely ordered a 1/2 size smaller than what I normally would with past Keen shoe experience. Otherwise love the shoe, not too bulky and the ballerina style makes it very versatile; can dress it up or down. Sturdy sole, and can walk a lot!I bought these while searching for an alternative to American Apparel shirts which I loved.

The fit was good, but this is a 65% polyester shirt, meaning it sticks to you like saran wrap.  There was no weight or drape to the fabric.  I preferred Alternative Apparel shirts slightly more, and Everlane much more.I ordered the blue mesh bag for my daughter and I was sent an email back that it would ship in the next 5 days with the arrival within a week. It
still didn't ship on the 5th day so when I contacted Ebags - they said that they didn't have it in stock and that it was in a "presell" status. No
mention of this when ordering it. Here I thought I would get it in a week and they didn't even have it in stock. Very deceptive. I cancelled the order. Not sure how you can avoid this unless you want to take the risk.Based on other reviews here I was concerned that the fit of the Moab 2 Ventilator shoes would be worse than the prior version.  I was very pleasantly surprised that this was not the case.  I find the Moab 2's to be better out of the box than the Moab version.  My last pair of Moabs left me with blisters until after a very long break in period.  They were tight at the top and the blisters were on the outside of my right heel.  The new Moab 2's have been extremely comfortable immediately. I have "put on" about 15 miles so far of quite hilly street walking and find these shoes very comfortable and I have had no issues with either blisters or tightness.  I actually like the change in the lacing pattern as it fits the top of my foot better than the predecessor version.  I have had no issues with heel looseness at all.  I haven't noticed any increase in arch support as some have noted, but am happy with the stability the shoes provide.

For background, I have been wearing Moabs for many years starting with the regular ones and shifting to the ventilated models over the past three or four years.The dress is thin as a slip, therefore there is no way you can wear it without sewing in a liner. The material  is see thur so you can not just put a slip under the dress you see where the slip start and stop. This item was a waste of money. I will not order from this company again.It's beautiful, but way too small for the size I ordered. I plan on giving it away as a gift.The rubber holds the temples well, though I prefer the type that slide directly into the rubber from the end. These retainers have a slot cut into the end piece to slide the temple into. They fit, and work well enough. My main complaint is that I believe they're over priced, compared to similer retainers.had holes in the toes after the first use & ended up with a hole at the back of the knee. Just normal usage & this happened.My second pair.  True to size (I need a narrow)  and comfortable for a heel.  Able to leave on for 4-5 with no discomfort.Great fit and very comfortable.Perfect for his needsthe elastic is not evenly cut, has a frayed inside edge. good price and fit well.Very nice comfy sandals!okNOT QUITE AS EXPECTED.  SHORT IN THE WASTE BUT WIDE MAKING IT VERY awkwardI'm very disappointed.  Love the look of the coat but The down filters through the lining and gets all over my clothing!Nice watch and the display is big which is nice.I've got a lot of Mountain Hardwear gear, but all my base layers (underwear) are Patigonia Capilene line. Like the previous reviewer said, great moisture wicking, decently priced. Buying 4 pair next pay day.Not to be worn as a work shoe but they are very stylish with straight-leg or skinny-fit jeans. I found that these are very wearable for at least half a day in comfort!These shoes are great. They look amazing, are well built, and have that classic Adidas style without all of the new unnecessary flamboyance of athletic shoes. My only complaint is that they are a little snug - I've had several other pairs of Adidas in this sizing that were relatively roomy, but these seem a bit more narrow and the toe area feels a bit more drawn in. I'd feel better about these if they'd had a half size up at 14.different color that I thoughtZIpper broke within two monthscomfortable for use doing chores around the house and after showers, etc.Not what I thought I ordered. product looks NOTHING like whats pictured. Not even correct color.Ran narrow and short on one foot. Not great quality either.These are advertised as heavyweight but don't believe it. They are thin. I ordered two, both in medium. They run large. Too floppy, They puff out.I'm 5'6 and about 140lbs. I bought a small and it fits perfect.**UPDATE: the first time I purchased this watch was in August of 2013. Roughly 1.5 years later it broke and I wasn't in the position to take the time to send it back to Seiko under their three year warranty. Instead I bought another one in November of 2015 hoping that the first one I bought was just a defect. Two years later my second one breaks (fall 2017) at the exact same place my first one did (the big pendulum that keeps everything moving). I'm not sure if a 1.5-2 year lifespan is normal for these types of watches, but at this point I'm getting tired of having to spend $60+ every other year on a watch. I've already decided that I'm not going to buy a third one of this exact watch but will look to some of Seiko's other watches that are $100 or less.**

Original review: I absolutely love this watch! I personally like simplicity, and don't go for the huge or fancy watches that stick out like a sore thumb, At the same time, though, I am not exactly Mr. Moneybags and can't shell out the money for high quality watches either, so when I saw a $200+ watch on sale for $50-something, well...let's just say my interest was piqued. Honestly, this is probably the most beautiful watch that I have ever owned, and the chrome lining gives it a subtle yet still very attractive look to it. I think what ultimately sold me on the watch was the brand, Seiko. Had it been a generic brand like Casio or Timex it probably wouldn've been as appealing, but with the quality recognition that Seiko has, I knew that by buying this watch, and by taking very good care of it (even at night I put it back in its casing and pillow) that this will probably be the last watch I'll have to buy, hopefully ever, if not for many, many years to come. I've read in other reviews that analog watches such as this can initially go off track by as much as 4 minutes, which is something I mentally prepared myself for in case it happened. At this point I've used it over a week and have not had any issues with it. Again, I love its simplicity, and the color green, but more importantly I know that I bought a brand whose quality is beyond anything any generic brand can provide, and if treated well, can last for many years to come.I love the ring, I just got it today and it's beautifulCame late, the quality sucks!Too long for a 32...Attractive braceletJust what I wanted - made of natural materials, excellent fit, noticeable cushioning, attractive, available repair services later - I love them!CheapThe tick tock is maddening.  I love the way it looks ....LOVE it but HATE the way it sounds!  I tried to give it to my son and after two days he returned it siting the same problem.  I have to put it in another room under a towel when I go to bed.  It's probably on it's way to Goodwill.  :-(The boost feature of these shoes is absolutely incredible. I love the effective impact dampening without feeling mushy or spongy. The front material allows for some breathing and the shoes are very comfortable. I use them just for everyday walking and I love them. The quality is so-so. Really nothing adiddas should put their label on. The shoe does not provide any support of any kind other than the great impact dampening. There is no stability support or arch support. The insole is completely flat and, even worse, is glued into the shoe so removing it would not be possible without damaging the original insole. I added some arch support insoles anyway and it is do-able to wear them on top of the original flat insoles.
Let's hope the dampening holds up for a while as this is the only reason I am wearing these shoes.

Update:
After 2 weeks of wearing them every day at work, I have noticed that the sole layer (the one on mine is red), which is the thin polymer layer that faces the ground you walk on, is delaminating from the shoe in the right heel. area. Pretty crappy quality in my eyes. I will try to fix this with Shoe Goo but I took off a star of my initial rating as this is below par,, particularly for an Adidas shoe.These are not very good quality. The soles are stiff and feel very plasticy. The toe of the shoe is very strange and makes the fit run small. Will be returning these very soon.i love these shoes so much but they're so tight that I can't wear them. I've tried to break them in, but they haven't stretched and gave me awful blisters on my heels and toe :[It's a little small for me.  I passed it down to my 1st grader.  It's held up very well!Nice but not good quality! Zipper broke in no time! Not worth the purchase.Feminine cut, but designed for a teenagerLove Ecco brand, but this pair ran a bit small!Quality is pretty cheap! I gues i should have expected that for the priceThe black tee V neck was NOT similar to past white Thompson tees that I have purchased-
It was VERY ill fitted / plunging neckline- disappointed  customerIf sweat too much, still sticky to skin.It's a great sock. The just slide down the leg a bit easy. Other than that they fit great!Cute. Love the colors and get compliments on it all the time.My wife knows her shoe size.  We ordered according to her shoe size and the slippers were too small.  The item was fine otherwise. We had to return them.  The vendor should know his product and warn people that the sizes run small so that we could avoid the error and pay for shipping that was unnecessary.It seemed like they put a size larger on one side of this vest, I'm going to reorder this and hope for the best.Exactly as expected. No complaints. Includes buttons in waist to adjust.Face scratches easily. Haven't figured out how to work all the features. But great for work. I mostly wanted it because of colors and size. Wish it had a back light.I recommend getti g a size or two bigger than ehat you need as these tend to shrink a lot in the wash.Very nice bra!The slacks are high quality for a reasonable price. I would order them again.Very smallThe swim suite is very cute. However, it ran smaller then I expected.good but not very useful too heavygoodThe sweat shirt fits great.  Has very long sleeves which is good, most of the time they are short.

The only downfall was when you wash it, the color fades on your first wash.  Your lint in the dryer is not normal.  I returned my because I didn't want to deal with the blue mess again when it was time to wash it for a 2nd time.Very average quality. I may not buy it once againThese are nice boots, found that the top of the leg was much too wide.  Need to return.I followed my measurements but I definitely should have ordered a size or maybe even two sizes smaller because the corset was larger than I expected. That could definitely be my error though. That being said I do have a long torso and this particular fit is supposed to be for longer torsos but it was still a couple inches shorter than I hoped it would be. Good corset for the price, just go a size downNice material.  Not for the true plus size woman.  They run super small.These shoes are stunning to look at but easily the most uncomfortable and painful heels I have ever worn. I bought them for my wedding day and only managed to wear them during the ceremony. The peep toe cuts into your toes and are only wearable for a very short period of time. Not even bandaids or blister protection can save your feet from these heels!I just received the umbrella and tried to open it (by pressing the button) and suddenly the whole canopy flew away for 7 FEET and hit the wall while the handle was still in my hand!!! I'm lucky to try this at home and the flying canopy didn't hurt anyone or break anything!!! THIS IS DANGEROUS!!!

The picture attached explains it all. Of course I didn't even try to fix it because I don't want to make another launch. I've already applied for a return & refund.  I hope I'm the only one who encountered this freaking situation and I'm looking forward to getting an explanation from the seller or amazon.Broke the very first time I tried to undo the segmentI ordered this for a murder mystery party we had.  The costume was made with heavier fabric than I expected for the price.  I ordered the large and it fit well.  I am 5'10" and 160 lbs.  I took away one star because it didn't have any pockets.I have tons of Salomon shoes. Well made!They are good but not as great as the price you payDecent looking faux pearls. But I had to reflux the backing on one.  It came broke.  No big deal. Superglue came to my rescue but I wouldn't order again.Very flimsy and some of the black ran off to the gray part - not white as I thought it would be.
 I paid for shipping and it's not worth paying again for shipping to return. Would not wear it!Did not work it lasted a few weeks will NEVER buy a watch from you ever againDebating if I should keep... The white part of bathing suite is very thin and slightly see through. However I still love how this bathing suit looks... Very flattering for hippy type women. will probably convince myself to keep itthe sleeves are way too long.. but otherwise it looks good. I tried turning up the cuffs but my husband refuses to wear it like that, so I guess I will take it to a tailor.Perfect fit!The brass stem is too short making it very difficult to insert these.  Too bad since the rest of the design (round heel and split front) is well done and the cedar is good quality.Idid.not.recived.this.item
.I put up with this watch for 2 yrs. I replaced the battery twice and the band 3 times. This was done by a Timex shop in a shopping mall. Each time the band broke I was without a wrist watch for about a week as the store did not stock either of the 2 bands available. On top of that the watch was never moisture proof. Even a light rain while I was fishing would cloud the face so it was unreadable. This on a watch that is supposedly designed for the outdoorsman. I now own a Casio, twin sensor (temperature and compass) SGW 100B that works flawlessly and the band is comfortable and appears indestructible (no sign of wear in 11 mths).This bra is not the same as earlier versions.  Has less shaping and instead of fitting the item a tuck is taken in the center.  Less supportive and won't buy again.It came on time, but it doesn't really hold anything. I got an xl and it stretched to my shape.Color was very different from picture. I didn't like the fabric. Cheap and poor quality.Material was scratchy. Very sheer.NOT the same as Oakleys!!! The lens is MUCH larger than the real thing.Great product, good quality. Arrived on time. A+ seller!! Thank youExactly like the pick. My daughter loves it.Nice headband. Fits great and the colors are bright. The flower is a little large for my taste but that is in style now so it is okay.The only problem is that the button hole for the button on the waist (on the left side, inside) is too small. It makes it difficult to unbutton the pants - and somewhat difficult to button them for that matter. Since the waist is just big enough, button/unbutton is ever more difficult.These shoes are super cute, but the size inside the box I received was a total mismatch. The pair I received had the correct size 10 on one shoe and the other shoe was a size 9. Disappointed because I needed these ASAP and now I have to try and find replacements locally.They shrank. Washed in cold. Little shorter and waistband smallerthese are not as stated  it has not  really even got cold here I wore them out side the snow day we had and my feet where so cold so if you want boots to wear in the snow these are not the onesIts been 4 months since I bought the umbrella.  So far the umbrella fabric is getting bleached by the sun pretty bad, and the handle that opens and closes it is very rusted.  The frame is holding up very good . No rust on anything except for the handle.  I really hope the fabric holds up until the summerPros: nice finish, good craft all together, very-very soft (it can be good and bad). Cons: very wide heel, they slide right off easily. If you have wide feel together with high foot rise - they may fit you. This boot slightly on narrow side, but it shouldn't be a concern: they stretch easily. Their buckles are adjustable, to some degree... but can't fix the fit. Not completely leather lined.The size chart is inaccurate.Nice and roomy. Color is not as shimmery like in the picture. Nonetheless, I like the rest.Love the way they look and they feel creation the waste area but the leg seems are a little tight.  Wish it was more stretchy on the legs.The fabric and the color are nice, but the dye is extremely unstable. It will stain your purse, washer, dryer, hands - everything it touches, wet or dry. I washed it twice and so far can't seem to get rid of bleeding dye.

Runs small (and wide), had to get it one size larger than my usual size. Sleeves and underarms are still a bit too tight, while the body is very loose.Gift for my daughter, she loved it.  Sewn handles, lots of room inside, stands alone, nice soft leather.  Amazing.This is like my fourth pair of these shoes.  They fit great and are WATERPROOF, so they are great in snow or rain.  They look good with jeans or business casual.  The only drawback is that the soft soles wear easily so you have to replace them every year or so, because you can't retread them like a pair of dress business shoes.

UPDATE -- I have to downgrade this shoe to three stars.  This is like my fourth pair.  The sole is now made of very soft rubber and the tread will wear away within a year of normal use.  I will instead buy Allen Edmonds shoes because they are re-craftable.  No more Rockports for me.I BOUGHT THIS FOR HALLOWEEN 2014 AND WAS UPSET ABOUT HOW SMALL IT RUNScrappy, don't waste your moneyWas required for the high school marching band, and ordered the smallest size available, turns out it is still a bit loose.  Understand that this is a men's model, not teens, but since they make a smaller size in tan color, can't understand why they would not offer the same size range with the black color.  Item otherwise is as expected.Cute, slim design, and good value!!!!Granted, I only paid .99 for this ring, but the shipping and handling was an additional $6 or $7. When I received the ring, the design on the ring was done in white instead of black. I was unhappy with this color and asked for a refund. The seller agreed and sent me a mailing label via e-mail. I had to pay the shipping costs, which were a little over $2. I received a refund of $ .99.
So essentially I paid $10 for a ring that I didn't get to keep. Do not buy anything from this merchant. I wish I could have left a -10 star rating.They were rather  lighter in weight than I have found in earlier gold to white socks.I really like the "lift" this bra gives me while remaining very comfortable. However, I could really use a B cup and the smallest this bra comes is a C cup. So, the lace is a bit "lumpy" where there's a little extra room once everything settles. I did buy the similar style with a smooth cup, which comes in a B cup. However, the hooks on the front of that bra are tiny and difficult to put together. The hooks on this style are perfect. Maybe I'll wash this one and dry it in the dryer to see if the lace cups will shrink a tad.Gloves ripped first day. A ball fell off scarf. The only thing okay was the hat. The pieces look very cute but not worth it if everything doesn't last the seasonI wear a 7 1/2 - 8 in shoes and boots. I ordered a 7 and its way to large. I decided to pull bands on back as far as they will go but still to large. Really dissappointed for this price and molded this far from normal size.The top is cute and fits well, but the bottoms are way too tightNot much to add to the other positive reviews except to 2nd the on comfort.  I found teh size chrt to accurate so maybe it has been updated.SO DAMN CUTEFell apart and smelled when wetthey're OK for a short time, but they're not really good quality -- fabric is not substantial, and I expect them to last only a short time before a seam lets go or they wear a hole where they may rub against something.I'm so bummed!  I purchased these panties last summer, and really liked them but when I reordered them recently they changed.  The cut is much smaller on the sides and they now ride up.  I was hoping I got a mistake so I ordered the 6 pack and they were equally skimpy on the cut.  Returned all of the them.  See pictures - same size, but the cut was way different, older pair on the bottom.You have to wear a slip underneath, as the material is extremely thin & it's completely see through. I made the mistake of wearing black underwear with it, and my slip bunched up, and you could see my underwear (first pic). But, as long as your slip stays down, you're good. I'm 5'5, 126 lb, and ordered the medium. It hits around your mid thigh. It's a smock dress, so it's a little roomy, but not overly baggy. It's flattering. I haven't washed it yet, but I'd assume it would shrink a TON and it would probably be best to hand wash and hang to dry unless you want to turn it into a t shirt.like the watch, but the band broke after having it for a few months. You get what you pay forPRETTY SHIRT, BUT TO SMALL, ORDER SIZE UPTis is a very comfortable shoe. But you must order 1/2 bigger.Good quality shirt.  Fast delivery.  Size Small is a great fit (5'11 and 140lbs)Love the design, though I thought it would be a bit longer.  It looks more dress-like in the pic, but it was fine just as a sweater.For a deep plunging front I would have expected it to fit lower in the back.  My dress was low in the front and back and I had to tape the bra to hide it.  It only offers breast support in the tightest should strap position, so it was riding high.  It would have been better if it fastened lower on the back.Decent for the price.Very thin material for the price.  Fit is good.  That is all I have to say about this shirt todayThe fit was awesome. When walking it was as though walking on clouds.TEVA's are good walking shoes. With my feet anything with much if and arch support is an iffy fit. A larger size fits the arch better buy us too big otherwise.Nice coat but kinda smallI expected it to be blue, but ah well. My friend liked it, nonetheless.Great quality, the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because online the brown and light beige sole looks great but in real life it doesnt look like they match as well.I normall wear 36:33. I ordered 38/32 because I have gained a little around the waist. The Levi's were too long and waist set low in front so was somewhat small. I plan to return the jeans. I liked the fabric and color. The fit just was not good.This is a nice product that I am very used to and have been using for years.  I am sorry that it is no longer made in America but there are a lot of products like that.  Oh well!Didn't fit as well as I liked but everyone's body is different.  The main disappointment was that it wasn't really low rise.  I tried on one pair and gave the rest away.These are a nice looking boot, but the leather was pretty thin. I ordered a 10 and I tend to usually wear 9.5 or size 10 in all shoes, and that fit was nice. However, I do have larger calves and although the boots came up, there was no room for anything. I think on sale these might be worth it, but I wouldn't pay a ton for them.This was awful. Such a dissapointment. The bag did not even remotely resemble the pictures on Amazon. Do not buy this bag.It was okay, tangles fast though.These are pretty much worthless. The tapers are just okay and the plugs are double flared. They'd be great if you were trying to go down sizes...I love the length, but it is somewhat short of material in the buttocks region.Appears to be a decent tote bag.  The bottom is narrow and the bag is tall so it won't stand up on its own but I don't think that it was intended to anyway.  Since it is lined, I'll probably get a lot of use out of it before it wears out.  Worth what I paid for it.Nice quality material, nice waistband. Little but short on the length and wide on the legs. I got a medium.Great blanket scarf for the season. Colors true to picture.Rarely does my farming husband ask for the same pair of boots more than once.  He can always find something about his last pair that he wishes could be improved upon.

Not so with the Anchorage Boot by Keen.  These boots are true to size for a medium width foot, comfortable from the start, warm in North Dakota winters, easy on and off, and have amazing traction.

He loves that they are slip on and has no problems getting them on and off easily with the wide gusset.  He wears them every day - all day long at work.  In my book, boots that can last an entire ND winter on the feet of a grain hauling, snow moving, bin checking farmer are boots I am happy to spend the money on.  Besides, they are Keen's!

* Just one reminder to other hard working men out there.  They don't have steel toes.  My husband had never liked steel toes.1st off, i have always wanted to get these types of hats and i have to say; it is well worth it! so the hat is made of pretty good material. i have a rather big head so it seemed a bit small on the top of my head, but nothing that would stop me from wearing it. it only has two buttons for size adjustment so, not much room for play there. i wore it for a few hours and it seemed to fit better. good buy!My husband really liked these shirts.  Didn't find them too thin for summer weather.  However, they run very very big and long!  We ordered 2X because he doesn't like his shirts to be too tight.  These were not. We are returning them for a smaller size.  HOWEVER!  The shipping cost for 2 of these shirts was $11.81 from southeastern PA.  Purchased one from a different seller and it too was too big and had to be returned, but the return was free.  I will never purchase from this seller again.Bought them because my girl loves hello kitty and everything pink leopard she loves em and they fit nicely :) just order a size bigger since i got her a 9-10 and they fit nicely and she's an 8 1/2 so try to go a size bigger :)These shoes really feel good.  The shoe is well made.  Style?  Not a thing
of beauty, but definitely comfortable.  I prefer comfort to style.
The shoe has mesh for comfort during warmer days.  I would definitely buy them
again.comfy flip-flop, hopefully it would last along time like my previous ones.Excellent running shoes. I use it in the gym and running.

Pros:
1. Very good quality materials.
2. Sturdy construction.
3. Extremely comfortable.
4. Good arch support.
5. Removable insole.
6. Great for running/walking around.

Cons:
1. Not the best looking shoes.
2. Feels bulky.
3. Not enough colour options.

Summary:
If you are looking for function, these shoes are excellent buy. Great quality, comfort, good construction.i have nothing bad to say about this one, it has a shine to it, which i loved. love the blackness of it. great buy.This shoe is beautiful, no question! I ordered half size smaller and it is to tight, so I would order your size for a good it:( unable to return because I through out the box it came in & all lables.  I will have to sell mine in order to purchase another pair.  (My fault) I bought purple:)This swimsuit fits, which in and of itself can be challenging.  I like the back thats open with a tie and I love how high up the bottoms come.  I also love that they're cut like shorts.  However, I rated it 4 stars because, as a bustier woman, I don't feel like the cups are large enough and its not very supportive.  But its wearable and overall Im happy.This hat is perfect.  It blocks sun from both the sides and the front, and is attractive and comfortable.Side buttons on the case keep getting pushed from the backside of my hand.The look and style is great. I love it!! The slip resistants is terrible. I work in an environment that they have to be slip resistant and I'm all over the place slipping and sliding. I bought them specifically for work.This is a great boot. Light weight and well built, just a bit too hot! I was hoping the mesh material would be cooler, but the boot is actually pretty hot. They will be Excellent for cooler weather in the desert!GoodThese are so cute and cozy.. warm looking and warm to wear.. fits perfect but not too thick.. love of how they look rustic .. what a good price.. will get more for myself and as gifts.The stich on the arms was coming undo after one ware.It took forever to come in the mail.  When it finally did it looked cheap and was wrinkly.  It looked like a cheap costume tie for a pretend wedding.  It has hung in my closet ever since I got it in the mail because when I go to work in the morning I need a dependable tie and this one wrinkles so bad Im scared of what will happen it I have to press it even on a light setting.  To be honest Im scared I would mess up my iron.  I've gotten better ties that came for free with cheap button downs from discount stores.This ring was just ok, it was pretty but just ok, I returned it.Shirt fits great! Pants are tight.No pockets like I was expecting...I guess I relied too much on the photo and assumed there were pockets.  Also the sizing is off buy 2 sizes.  Made nicely but I am a size 2 in US and the small is uncomfortable for me to try to wear.  I used the sizes recommended by the Asian measurements and should have went up one more size.  Am returning for size and no pockets.It says its pleated, and shows pleats in the pictures, but after ordering twice (for different sizes) I ended up returning both. The skirt has zero pleating. And it fits like a potato sack. Not nearly as cute as the picture.cute, great with leggings for everydayleft side shoe makes my pant leg part twist
also shoes shape press over my toes so it's uncomfortable but I like color & shapeThese came with two small damages on the shoe. There was glue or some sticky something on the upper black part if the top of the shoe and and a small groove/ indention at the base of the tongue. I needed them for the night so I wore them but warn people to be cautious when dealing with this seller. I was better off going into my local foot locker and seeing what I was getting in person. Disappointed.It was cute.. but .. Color was not a pretty pink and sequins came off easy...  sent it back..Perfecto y suavesSadly, we returned this shirt, which we ordered in 2 different colors.  It's odd, that they even referred to as a "flannel", when it really is remarkably THIN - more like a regular cotton-weight shirt. Not only were the sleeves too long for my 6'2" husband, the XLT was also too snug across his belly.Nice packing cubes. I was able to put a rolled up dress and underwear or shorts, tshirt, undies and socks or jeans and a t in one bag... one pack per day. Makes sorting clothes in suitcase so easy!I bought this dress for my birthday dinner and im in love!!! Its so classy yet sexy and it fit like a glove! ;D although there were some issues/delays with the delivery i appreciate their hard work and trying their best for it arrive on time! And it did! Thank you!!I think it is good regarding its price
Also, delivery system and scheduling was Ok for meVery nice!  It s a little big, but love the look and feel.Fun wallet. I like it a lot. Smells good too not like most of the things you get in the mailThe boots are fairly comfortable. I wear size 8.5, ordered a 9 and it fits as expected with room for thick socks. I had been looking for warm boots since I can't stand the cold. Finally wore them yesterday. It was only 40 degrees and my toes still got cold. The calf part of the boot is warm but the rubber parts get cold. I am very disappointed and feel like I wasted my money. I could have just bought cheap boots.The sizing on this shirt is true. As stated in many other reviews for this shirt it is sheer and requires some kind of tank top or camisole underneath. I do like the lightweight material. The care instructions say to hand wash which is exactly what I did and hung it up to dry. In order for this to lay flat without multiple creases and to look flattering I needed to steam it. Once this was done I was ready to go and this shirt was a great hit. There are slits up the sides that allow it to flow nicely over the more shapelier hips of us heavier women and the arm holes allow ample room. In the end I am very pleased with this purchase.very comfortable. love oakley productsShirnks badlySuper cute, nice material, my only negative is that it seems to run small. Usually 18m clothes run slightly big on my daughter, the shirt was skin tight. Worth the money, just go a size up.It is very cheaply made.i love it but it is tight on the hipsCute shoes, fit wellI have (rather, had) two pair of these.  I own many shoes and rotate them at least daily, and although I had the Spinnaker/Hurrikan about six years, they were like new with totally intact tread on the soles.  About 8 months ago the soles on one pair suddenly disintegrated, coming off in large hunks.  Today the second pair did the same.  This is not a gradually observable process, it is sudden total destruction without warning.  Like another reviewer, I previously had the same experience with two pair of Ecco.  That's why I switched to Mephisto although Ecco was more comfortable.  All of these shoes advertise natural rubber soles.  I don't wear them anyplace where they might pick up harmful substances.  I can only guess that the problem is caused by the sole material aging, rather than by wear.  In any case, shoes that are this expensive should be more durable.  I'd say they should be more comfortable too; for my feet at least Sperry is the most comfortable and durable boat shoe out there and they cost a lot less than these European glamour brands.  No more Ecco, and now no more Mephisto for me.I purchased this for my wife's christmas present. She really enjoys these and while in the yard today she mentioned how much she still likes them. They are tough, durable, good looking and have a flap so that if you use these shoes often as a slip on, doesn't wear down the heel of the shoe. Get a pair.okay - not as good as my Converse Ox Farley (much softer with cushioning) in black which can't be found anywhere now unfortunately  These look just okay and aren't that much better than regular Chucks in terms of comfort.Estimated gentlemen have had problems with this product because it came out small and now I can not use them need to know I can do about it because I am faithful buyer of this brand and always buy the same number and it appears that these models came out smaller than normal, I hope your help blessings.

Thank YouDidn't get right color shirtOKSuper comfy and lightweight.  However, I bought these in July of 2015, and it's now October 2015 and the stiching on the back is starting to loosen on them.  One pair I had to re-sew to keep it from ripping more.  No big deal as I can sew, but not so good if you can't.  Still like them and wear them, but a bit sad about the stitching quality.  (Shared account, wife is giving the review)I wear a 13 New Balance walking shoe, these fit a little tighter but are very comfortable. I have inserts so the arch is not appliecableExtremely narrow through the toe.  Zero arch support.  Wedge heel puts a lot of pressure on the ball of the foot.Great sunglassesjust use it looks good but it cant be washSi disappointed the shirt is not even fitted and the material is so cheap and thin bought this for my bf was embarrassed when i opened it so annoyedthis is an awesome shoe... but the fact that they run a number larger then what you actually wear is the only thing that makes it not a five star product....If you picture the shorts with a belt, shouldn't you received the belt? No belt. I don't know what they are made of, but the material isn't any sort of fabric I've felt before. That being said, I wore them for a day. they are roomy. And hopefully are rugged. They do feel more like a winter shorts than anything else, but I will see how long they last. Still, false advertisement on the belt otherwise they'd have gotten a better gradeI would like someone to contact me about this purchase. I received 1 shoe in 8 and the other 8.5.Comfy and the color is so cuteI wear these in a fast pace supermaket job. Cashier, Dairy, and Grocery departments.Sorry, -where- is the bond pointing to on that methoxy group.....? FAIL.It is as advertised...I expected it to be a little different  It reminds me of house dresses old ladies wore when I was a kid.  (I'm 71)i don't really like the material but the product is just like the picture but has more of a boxy fitThis runs large for women sizes, and the fabric is flimsy. I wouldn't buy it again.I normally wear size 5 but Size 35 is a little big, anyway I like this shoes.Received this item and its adorable, but as soon as we tried to put it on the chain broke. This item was not made well at all. I contacted the company about the issue and got no response back from them so I now just have a broken necklaceLiked it just ran a little small.As advertisedOne of them did not work. But overall I've been very happy the product. I used in the Valentine gift bag for our son classmates and they all loved it!Because it was too large. The shoes was too large. Can I return it, how can I do that plsCoat is really nice but it is on small side. Luckily I read a review before purchasing. If I had bought normal size it would have been too small. I got 14/16. If I went up one more size I could have used it another year. Really if u want extra room to grow buy 2 sizes up. Ex: if u usually get 7/8 get 10/12 go 2 sizes up. Quality is excellent but if it is too small then what good is it? Price is great, but if u have to go thru hassle of returning it???? Lol ok so great price, quality, but watch the sizing.No good qualityNot a very good case.  Cheap made.These are very narrow and uncomfortable for walking around even just in the house. Maybe they'd be OKAY just for driving but I can't use them.Good purchaseVery cute.. but very tight around the legs and arms.  Ordered a 6-9 months and it fit more like 3-6 months!shortIt is a good unisex shoe, however it was better when it was made as a woman's shoe on its own.  This particular one feels quite narrow and not as comfortable as my old one. It is however still a really comfortable shoe and so I gave it 4 stars.I liked this top very much but had to return it due to I bought it to go with a skirt and the skirt had to be returned.I bought this to add to my niece's Charmed Memories bracelet. It lacks the quality that other brands have but the idea behind the aunt/niece relationship makes up for it. I'm doubtful it will last a real long time.This shirt from G-LIKE doesn't fit as well as the Batman Blue Bird Nightwing short T-shirt of the same size(the largest possible as all reviews should recommend) which's likely due to it's being long sleeved. The short sleeve shirts from these Oriental companies fit better than long sleeved shirts because short sleeves ''' range in their length while long sleeves must reach be to the wrist. This shirt's sleeves don't extend fully to the palm. They fall short a few cm with straight arms & more inches when bent.
 The workout however, was a good experience. The light yellow appears like an awesome gold with the detailed lines running different ways all throughout this shirt. The lighter lines on the black areas add a majestic, if not darker themed, tone to the costumes experience. Not necessarily a "MUST HAVE" item but it does look nice, nice enough for nerd appreciation & girl notification.
 JUST NOTICED THERE's A XX-LARGE SIZE!? FFFFFFUUUMMBLLIIIINGGG FOOOOL! (please purchase the XXL size guys over 5'8"Too big.The quality of this jacket is what I would expect from Pendleton, but it was sized MUCH too small.  Not even close.  So back it went!Fits well. Nice n warmkicked tail. used them this morning for their first time. 15 rounds of 2 155lb cleans. 5 ring rows, 7 wall balls.The verdict is still out on these sandals.  This is my second pair.  I purchased the first pair in July of 2010.  I am very happy with those - except for the cork cracking where I bend my foot (near the ball of my foot.)  They were repaired by a shoe store last year, but this year the crack has returned.  I still wear them.  Anyway, you are probably wondering why I bought another pair.  It is because they fit my narrow feet a lot better than Birkenstocks do.  They are comfortable and supportive.  The beige leather on the new pair is very stiff.  Hopefully, they will break in.  The first pair in dark brown (scratch) wasn't like that.  I wore them on a trip and they were great for walking.  For the price, the quality should be better.  I really like the style though!Perfect light slipper, with rubber sole. Comfortable and not too hot. Update: But did not last long a little more than a month of wearing everyday and the padding in the left slipper slid down and bunched up at the heel. Couldnt wear them like that, threw away.Heals are hollow worn out in a monthCheap thin cotton and pockets made out of what I can only imagine is swimsuit liner.  I don't imagine these lasting more than a season or two.I bought the khaki and the black one in small size but this was way bigger that the black cardigan. I gave it to my mother who loved it and kept the black one for myself as it was actually my size. I wish they were consistent with the sizes and I would keep buying more of these as they have a really good feel.sole is too hardThe pants are super long so we had to roll them up and the hat is cheap. Almost like a thin egg carton material. It was destroyed pretty quick from being accidently stepped on. There is also no strap for he hat so it cannot be worn on a breezy day.Gorgeous color and nice and big - exactly what I was looking for for a swim cover-up!Great costume, our 3 year old loved it for Halloween, and still wears it around the house when the mood strikes her.  I've easily spot cleaned it.Not even close to an extra large, fits more like a small.  I usually wear a medium or large, and this won't come close to buttoning and is tight in the arms.  Good thing I got it with points, and I only need it for part of a red-neck themed costume.  I cut the arms off and hopefully it will work fine.The jacket is too small and of poor quality material.This was my 2nd pair of this shoe to purchase. They fit well, they are cool for summer, and they never hurt your feet! Your feet kind of spring on the ground as you walk. I wish I had every color.Poorly Made!  Junk Sweat Pants.  Not Like Champion or Any Other Quality Brand.okI brought this item thinking is one size fits, when I received it, it looks so cute, but when I try it on, it did not fit, the top was too small for me!!! I have large breast so I decided to give it away to a friend of mine....These are nice slippers but they tend to stretch out of shape really fast which causes them to slip off your foot. My husband has slipped out of them while walking so he must be careful when walking in the house. They are definitely for indoors only. These were purchased because brick and mortar stores classify slippers as seasonal and we could find none. If found in the same situation, I would buy them again.fell apart when I washed it, super pretty colors for a swim cover up.Nice colours but the band too thinThe plain pair fits great,  no pinch and stays in place.  However,  the diamond print pair is much shorter and slides  down my calf and is quickly a nuisance and needs constantly pulled up.  I am a tall gal (5' 11") with obviously long legs.  May work for average or petite girls better.  Just saying.I wear a size 10 shoe and the slippers don't fit.  They are not one size fits all.Returned; sizing was not accurate - too small.Good looking shoes!!Just tried them on.  How can one give decent review on clothing w/o wearing for awhile?Wonderful fit, color,price; would recommand to everyone looking for a great pantyhose!!  Feels super on also!  You will love this product!Only 3 pairs came in a package. Advertised as 6 pack.... 6 single socks????They were a gift and she loved them.Just as described. Zipper bugs my son's chin so he has to wear it low. But he stays super warm, says "almost too hot". Excellent product!The sleeves were ~7" longer than the torso. I suppose this is meant to be worn with really high-waisted pants. It looked a little goofy and ill-fitting on me.Other than it stinks badly it`s nice mask.my kid hair stinks now. He likes it otherwise.This purse is not very cute in person and is a lot smaller than the picture make it look. Still ha lot of storage space inside but not what I was expecting to get.Great product, great fit (was concerned with some of the "fit" issues i read about) and the traction is better than any of my current shoes.Dont be expecting the support of a normal bra. Expect something that gives you saggy cleavage. Not meant for a C cup. Maybe smaller cup size works better? I don't knowProduct was great for the day we used it. Its very large so we fit suntan lotion, 2 towels, sunglasses,etc very easily. Despite packing light the strap broke.The black stretches to white. I didn't get any wear out of it so far.The waist is not proportionate to the the rest of the shorts.  They would not stay on when the drawstrings were pulled as tight as they could be tightened.I bought this shirt for my 91 year old grandpa who is still active and works outdoors.  He loves the weight of the shirt and the all the pockets.  His only complaint is that the button holes are too small, so he's thinking of taking the shirt into a seamstress to have them altered.Love these boots, love the color and the added bling. Found them to be very comfy and true to size, not the best material but still worth the buyLarge but comfortableIt is form fitting but the band went way too high. However I'm not entirely disappointed with the leggings.I have worn thongs for years since I live in California and my feet get too hot to wear shoes. I love FitFlops for their general comfort EXCEPT for the right foot. The thong part that goes between my toes is built consistently off on that shoe. I have four pairs--two bought last year and two for this year. Each pair causes the same problem. Last year, I got a blister between my big toe and second toe where the thong part goes and finally I got a thick callous. This year, it's actually causing arthritis in my right foot. I continue to wear them because they were not cheap and I have not bought any other thongs. I do like the thick sole. I now have to alternate them with tennis shoes, though, in spite of having such hot feet. I'm trying to reduce the arthritis pain and swelling on the top part of my right foot. This has never happened with any other thong. Do other people suffer the same problem with these shoes?

The other thing I want to mention is that they do NOT exercise anything. They do not cause any fitness to occur. I have a condition (perhaps fibromyalgia--it's undiagnosed) where I get terribly sore whenever I do any exercise and these so-called "Fit" flops have never caused an iota of soreness in any of my muscles. So if there is a degree of fitness, it's a VERY slight one. I wear them because they are thick soled for walking on the uneven surfaces where I work, I can stand up at my desk in them on a concrete floor, and they are cool in the warm weather we have in California. Supposedly, thick-soled rubber shoes are easier on joints.My son has worn these shoes only to school for about a month now. The shes are already falling apart. The sole is coming apart at the top of shoes, and the laces have fallen apart. His previous pairs was sneakers from Stride Rite that lasted him almost 2 years. I should have stuck with Stride Rite as they know how to build quality shoes for kids. I am so disappointed with Asics. Will never buy this brand again.Very nice shoe.  Narrow.  I usually wear between size 7 and 7 1/2 but it just did not fit me.  An 8 1/2 would have been ideal.  I gave it to my daughter who normally wears size 6 1/2 - perfect fit.Looks great and a fine price for such a nice piece.Great and this are not fading like the ones we  purchased from Levi's.comADOABLE AND WELL MADEWas missing a piece when I recieved it.I was disappointed in it.  It is lightweight and not as pretty as the picture. The chain is fragile.  For the cost, I think I could have done better elsewhere.This shirt was ok but it was to shortI ordered these boots mainly for working in the garden and greenhouse, for doing little chores outside, four-wheeler rides, and so I would have a great pair of all-around slip on shoes for running short errands.  They look really cute, in the picture and in person.  They are definitely waterproof.  The outside is rubber, the inside is neoprene.  I have to agree with other people's reviews and say that these run very small.  If you are going to order these, ordering TWO sizes up is a better idea than ordering one size up.  They are VERY TIGHT FITTING.  Which in turn allows your feet not to breathe.  And they are not moisture wicking either.  These boots form a suction tight grip on your feet; this causes poor circulation in feet and ankles, no breathability, and sore feet at the end of the day.  Sadly, there is more bad than good with these boots.  I would not recommend them.  I am thinking about ordering a knee high Bogs boot, but seriously re-considering because of how uncomfortable these are.  It makes me wonder if people wear these because of the name and just deal with being uncomfortable and having sweaty feet that are sore at the end of the day?
I'm not so sure I would order these again, even if they were $15.  The reason is because I have only worn them a handful of times.  It doesn't matter how cheap something is if it just sits there and doesn't get used.  My feet just sweat too much and hurt too much at the end of the day from these boots. Oh, and I have never had a problem with having icky sweaty feet before, so this is pretty gross to me.  I thought these would be a great all-around pair of boots, but they are definitely not.I am a size 8 and these boots fit.  I was disappointed in the fact that they are not tight to your calf.  They look like pirate boots on me.  I will only be wearing them to Halloween parties.gold toe is looking out for us bros. i won't wear the white socks because i'm not over 55 and im not a touristThey fit the way I think they should and are very cute. I wish they were a little tighter around the ankle but that is not something you can see when they are on.I'm always very hesitant about buying clothes/shoes online and this is why. I wear a 10.5 shoe so I though 11's would work fine. They were very tight. But, the return process was painless do that's a definite plus.This dress is pretty. And in my pictures, it looked okay. However, I am 5'10" and it does not reach the floor as I had hoped. I had a hard time finding an inexpensive dress short notice so I kept it, but if I'd had more time, I would have returned it. I wasn't sure what to do about the whole bra thing, but after trying it on without a bra, I decided to go without. And believe me, I'm not one of those girls who can go braless without the whole world knowing. But in this dress, the support was great and I was very comfortable.Very happy with these - they're my second pair because my daughter stole my first!not a good fit.  returnedwrong color and the box it arrived in was crushedWell made shoe, runs narrow.not cardigan, plain material, not pretty, feels horrible.good for my work out doing crossfit outsidePush ALL my FAT to the top of my back and under arm ( NOT a Good Look ),  losing 8-10 more pounds,  then I will report backColor is darker than appears . Bought as a gift.Nice clear image in sturdy but soft t-shirt!Very comfortable and great support.  However-  this style tends to fall apart quickly.  The underwriters pop through the fabric and poke you in the arm pits; the fasteners in the back have ripped apart.  This has happened on two of my Elomi bras.  Not a too tight situation, but rather a poor quality situation.  Pity as they are really comfortable for about a month before they start having issues.  Might be the design of this style?I ordered the inseams 32 and when I measured they were 33.5 stars for the outside of the shoe.  1 star for the inside of the shoe.

The good: The purple suede is cute, and I could wear these someplace after hiking without feeling super ugly.  The bottoms are perfect, and grip nicely.  You feel like you can tear through the terrain with these.

The awful:  The insole is just awful.  AWFUL.  I went hiking in these 4 days ago and my feet are still killing me.  I have blisters on the bottoms of my feet and toes, and the balls of my feet feel like they are bruised.  There is just no cushion at all.  The arch support for me is also awkward, although this could be a "me" problem.  The arch hits the outside of my foot bone-no where near an arch, so there is just a bump constantly hitting the bone on my foot.

I stopped by a Merrell outlet store on my way home from the hike to see they had an insole.  They did, and it felt like heaven.  BUT it was $60, which is almost the cost of the shoe.  So, I guess now I will shop around for a reasonable insole.

In hindsight, I am wishing I had purchased a similar pair of Teva's that were burgundy suede.  They had good reviews with regards to comfort, but were a little more expensive.  With the insole though, they would have been a much better deal.  I guess I have learned a lesson here.Very happy with the boots.  Fit as expected.  Recommend buying the size you normally wear.The color is very off from the photos
Still a cute comfy shirthad loose strings in several placesIt is a comcortable flipflop, I have wear it for a while and I like it though the price is a little highdon't like the small silver beads , makes it look cheapThe shirt may be a smidget too small for the size I ordered but I kind of like my shirt to run a little on the large size. Also, there was nothing on the back as shown in the description, i.e. the cities and islands destroyed by Godzilla. Front image is a little blurred and shirt is funky out of the package like it was used to soak up vinegar (it ships from China). The quality of the shirt itself is good, though.These were just awful. I have about 4 pair so I didn't think I needed to try them on or anything.  I couldn't believe how thin the jean material is. The bottoms were blunt cut with scissors.  Just not the regular Levis I have.I usually go between a 61/2 to 7,  THis shoe is very cute, but stands out on the side.  Couldn't tell about comfort, because of the sides.okSophisticated & sexy. Coupled with the matching skirt... perfection.Great watch but the date display won't click over to the next day, not a huge issue just want what I paid for.nice looking, comfortable shoes-fits well with socks (9B)I wish that the double wide size of these shoes had been more descriptive in the ad. My feet are not wide but the wx didn't actually say " double wide" Im keeping them because they are ok and don't slide off..just sloppy. Dont have time before vacay to send back and exchange.I hope the material will hold up for years like my other umbrella's.  I wish it would of had some kind of a design on it, like the one I bought at TJ Maxx but lost.Not knowing very much about kids, I bought these for my 20 month old niece. The good news is that she absolutely loves the shoe and refuses to take it off even to sleep. The bad news is it is not suitable for a child that age. It is very soft - almost like baby booties. What I learned is that kids 18-24 months who are already walking need sturdier shoes that support their developing feet. One outing outside of the house in these shoes and the bottoms were peeling. Apart from that they were so soft they looked misshaped on her feet after a short time (a couple days).The cap sleeves were cute, but the overall fit was not right. The top was a little big and the skirt part was too tight. I am a size 12, but this dress just did not fit right.The instructions say that once you set the time and date, the mechanics of the watch that spin in the back will stay wound through normal movements. Its quite possible that my dad is just too lazy to keep this watch wound probably but it loses time and then stops every single day. Short of telling him to take up karate or marching in a band, I think I just have to get him a new watch.Small toe boxDid not recieveI really feel taken advantage of after purchasing this product. I bought this product because it was made by Buxton, normally good quality products, but this card/picture holder was flimsy. To add insult to injury, I paid $5.00 and right on the original packaging was written suggested retail price $1.50 Not nice!These are so cute, soft and warm! I'd like to wear them all the time around the house, but they are not substantial enough to do that.  They need gel soles.  As they are the soles are soft like socks.  They are wonderfully washable and come out of the dryer just great. Also, they run a little small.These are cute flip flops if you are looking for something a little more detailed than your typical flip flop but the knot that sits between your toes hurts. It puts a lot of pressure on the top of your foot. I will keep them since they weren't expensive to wear around the house and maybe long enough to wear to the grocery store but not much more than that.I have used Bali bras for a very long time but this was my first time to purchase this particular style.  While it looked good and was the correct size cup, it was too short around to hook comfortably.  I gave it to my daughter so at least it wasn't a wasted purchase.  I just expected the size to be consistent with my former purchases....probably another product not made in USA.Super cute! But I'm a 36D and not even CLOSE to fitting in a Large. Boobs spilling all over the place. Better for smaller bustsT-shirt is cheaply made. My daughter wore it to school and came home and the seems were all coming apartThe shoes only worked for two days and today one of the shoes were not working at all, they didn't even charge when I put it to change 'This belt broke apart where the adjustable metal clip is in less than a month.  That was probably only 8-15 wears.  I cannot say if it was fixable because one part was lost.Good materials and really vivid color. CoolVery comfortable but the strap that goes across the ankle pulled away from the Velcro the first time I put it on.Nice but runs a size small.poor quality image printing on shirt too small to see not good for price too i suggest to look for a better shirt on google shopping..Cute outfit. Nice detail on the legs. Could have had a red how on front as well since it has some red trim around the sleeveless part.The little hook that holds the front clasp together doesn't seem quite curved enough to stay in place. It was a bit more loose than I had thought it would be which might be part of my problem keeping it clasped. The loose fabric at the front of the dress I planned to wear it with tends to bunch up behind the center of the belt. It isn't particularly bad but between that and being a bit too loose, I ended up buying a second different belt to wear instead. If I can't manage to make the clasp more secure, I plan to either give this to a friend or wear it more as a decorative belt when I don't actually need it to hold anything in place.

It looks quite pretty in person and exactly how it appears in the picture.My husband wore this to the wizarding world of Harry potter and it was a good thing it was so light weight! The fit was smaller then expected but he didn't care, overall we are pleased with our purchaseits very loose...i usually wear size 12 (large) it did not fit properly.
buy a size less than u wud usually wear.My husband wore a hole in his last pair.  Bought these to replace them.  He LOVES them.Outstanding bargain.  Exactly what my husband wanted.Extremely disappointed. I orddered the 14K solid gold mariner 10" anklet and instead received a figaro 8" bracelet that doesn't even fit my wrist.very comfy i got the biggest size because i like bigger shirts when i sleep the fabric feels nice and its very lightCostume arrived promptly and looked great. I usually am a size small in tops and 4-6 jeans and the size small was a good fit.Very cute, but runs VERY small.Beautiful stone beads! Very nice quality, unlike a lot if the other prayer beads on here. I like that they are on string and not elastic at well.I liked it but it arrived bent uplenses a little small in diameter and placement of the temple in the center makes it look a bit odd. arrived extremely quickly and in great conditionYou gotta break these babies in, but after, they're great!36 C is what I usually wear in bras, but this one is too wide around the rib cage while the cups are a bit too small. The "no side effects" addition just makes it look weird and doesn't help at all. All in all has not fulfilled my expectations.Great for deep water aerobics class.A lot shorter and not as flowy looking.Had to replace my nose pads for a pair of Tom Fords. Waited over 3 weeks to receive them and once received the nub that goes into the glasses is too soft to hold. Won't stay for very long and the minute you bump something they fall out. Very disappointedShoe broke down quickly.It's a beautiful dress but the color is just way to dark of a purplegreat fit look awesomeThe back strap is way to loose which makes this sandal very uncomfortable. I have yet to wear them more than a total of 5 minutes. I tried to reach out to the supplier and did not receive a response. I will be taking them to a shoe repair place to see if they can make the back strap more comfortable. I would not recommend this sandal to anyone.The print is just like pictured but the sweatshirt material is thin.  I got it in an xx-large and the sizing seems a bit small.Too smallStiff and uncomfy and too warm for the summers.
Too short as wellThese boots are well made, the color (dark green) is gorgeous, there's attention to details, nothing out of balance, no glue visible, very nice!
Unfortunately, they are not very comfortable, they fit well in my size, but the uppers were cut narrow and thus they squeeze my feet on the top, and they would even if I get half or a size higher (by the way, they are the exact same size as similar boots from other brands that fit well, this, with thin boot socks.
I wore them on New year's Eve and by the end of the night, the top of my big toes and my feet were really sore, I wore them for a few days more to break them in and they are more comfortable, but I still have to take them off a couple of hours later. And they are hard to put on and take off! even after the leather softening after a few uses, you still have to fight them on or off.
The other problem is that they are nubuck (I had the impression that they were oiled leather) which is gorgeous, but it stains very easily, wearing them as every day boots requires a lot of attention that not even a stray drop of water from when you rinsed a dish, watered a house plant or washed your hands fell on them, because they will leave a water mark that is hard to remove, forget going out in them if it has rained, let alone of it is raining even slightly.
So my recommendation is: go up half a size if you cannot try them on first and consider them only if you are to stay away from all liquids while wearing them, if you have wide feet (mine are very narrow, by the way) you might want to stay away from these.Really cute but it's hard to say it's 2-4T. That's a big window. I would say it's more 2-3T.Pros:
Soft padded insole, softer than my Onitsuka Tigers
Very nice natural color

Cons:
The sole ended up looking too tall and the cap too short for me personally, so I ended up returning them

Other:
Sizing seemed fineVery good qualityFirst reaction when opening the white carton that it arrived in was, "awe man... this thing is tiny."
For something that will simply be displayed as a collectible, I suppose it's well made. As a "toy"...
well, I'd like to see it last more than a day or so in the hands of a child.

Another initial reaction was how bulky the gold colored, short, plasticky chain looks. It's gold colored, shiny, plasticky,
and short. It appears a bit bulkier than in the photo, but I suppose it's for viewing purposes while on display, making it easier
to see. It's short. And bulky. And plasticky.

As for the spinner, well, forget about spinning it. There's no spin. You turn the little knobs and it will, awkwardly, turn.
It almost resists being turned.
But there's no "spin".

I'm 6'1", so this thing, again, is really tiny. I almost need tweezers to operate this thing. I bought this for my wife who is a HP fan forever. She'll love it,
no doubt, as I'm sure it will be perched neatly on a bookshelf in the living area.

I'm in the middle of assembling it now and stopped to write a review while the "tiny-ness" is still on my mind.
Pretty? Yes.
Tiny? Yes.
A toy? Big fat NO.

Off to finish the assembly and present this to her in a few days as one of her birthday gifts. I'm sure she we'll squeal with delight
because it is striking and pretty.

Now to find the tweezers...Arrived quickly & as shown. I wish they had included a few spare 'O' rings. True to size & each size packaged separately.Very cute, but has a strong smell (of cheap leather).  Very good deal for the price.Very disappointing.. The pendants clarity looked like plastic I ordered a different necklace for my wedding..Shoe strings don't hold up well worn our and fraying in a few monthsThese tights have some kind of chemical on them that causes them to smell so strongly that I can smell them across the room. They are made in China, and have a fabric label that doesn't list anything weird, but I am actually not comfortable wearing them because I don't know what chemical they are treated with that is causing such a strong odor. I have tried washing them, and I can see a milky substance coming off of them in the sink. After soaking them and rinsing them, the odor is still very strong, and now my hands smell like it, despite washing them twice!

This is a perfect example of why I have started to avoid things made in China. I should have looked more closely before ordering these. There is some kind of coating on them that is not listed on the label and who knows how toxic or dangerous it might be!!Decent quality sunglasses, but not worth anywhere near the price. 30 bucks would be fair, maybe. The special "happy lenses" are a nonsensical marketing ploy, in my opinion.  Clarity is ok but not exceptional. These seem more a fashion statement, not suited for hardcore athletic sports like running or kayaking.  Poor in low-level light, which makes it hard to use them to "strike a pose" at night or indoors.Christmas gift seems well made, attractive and well received by the mommy. Gave 4 stars because the sizing is off for the 2T ordered.GOOD QUALITY. DO NOT FIT. I RECOMMEND YOU ORDER A SIZE OR TWO LARGER AND USE A BELT IF NEEDED.Cute shoes to go with current trend for suede wedges and tights.  They are very stiff/hard - feels like heavy cardboard.  They do not conform to the foot as suede shoes should.  They are very small.  I wear a 6.  Would need to buy a 7 in these, but not reordering.  They were cheap, so I wasn't expecting a lot = but got even less than that.  Can't imagine wearing these for more than 1/2 hour.  Also, the sole is plastic, not rubber, so they slip easily on hard flooring - not safe to walk around in.  I am having trouble finding wedge shoes that aren't either 3" or higher heels and/or platforms.  Was looking forward to these fitting ... alas .. it was not to happen.CuteWhat is not to love?  Intricate, beautiful and masculine chain with dragon heads holding the loop with a pewter  cross amulet.  This is a historically correct amulet as well. I have purchased many things from Asgard. Quick shipping and flawless craftsmanship.  Their jewelry is so well made, and it is always a statement piece. Its more like wearable art. If you are a Norseman or Norsewoman descendant, its a tribute to your culture.chain is pretty crappy pendant is alright.Kind of felt it was a flip flop. I like the sandals but received another color than what I ordered. If asked if I wanted a substitute I would have gone for it but would have chosen another colortoo smallI love the quality of the shirt and the print looks really nice. The shirt is super fitted, and I recommend ordering a size up if you don't like tight t-shirts. I usually wear a medium in women's (for a usually looser fit), and medium in this brand was very tight on me. I knocked off a star for that and also because of how low cut the shirt is. I don't mind a v-neck, but I will definitely be wearing something underneath this shirt to cover my cleavage.I've been a Lanz nightgown girl since childhood. This is the first time there was some loose stitching, and the fabric seems to be different, losing a lot of lint, although it is holding up well. But, it's working and WOW IT HAS A POCKET!!The top fits perfectly-- like a medium would be expected to fit. However the bottoms are more like an extra small.Great quality for swim shorts. It is just a little too small and tight, But it is definitely manageableOrdered an XL because it was suggested to size up and the dress is actually really big. I would have been better off ordering a large or even a medium. There is only one layer of fabric that is a little see through so don't expect much. It is a really good dress for the price though.Size way offI love these!Fit as expected. Good elastic quality. Just what I wanted for my son.a small was definitely too big and the quality is rather poor. I should've bought a more expensive free people braletteI did buy the next size up, because i'm in between L and XL. for me I felt it fit more like a M/L.Nice shoes, lovely color, true to size. There is however a disturbing plastic smell that I'm not really happy about.The shoes were for my son, who normally wears a size 13.  They were just a little narrower than he likes, but wearable. They may run a little bit smaller than his other size 13 shoes,but he did not know this.  Otherwise he probably would have ordered a size larger.  But he is says other than the narrowness, they are supportive and comfortable enough.  Shipping was on time and they were a good buyI bought this for my husband about 10 months ago.  He loves it and wears it all the time.  Unfortunately, the round clasp broke this weekend and there's no way to fix it.  It would have gotten a 5 but I expected it to hold up longer.EXTREMELY disappointed. I have bought several pairs of reefs that I loved but these are not the same quality. Wore them for two days and they looked like Id worn them for a year. Bottom is WAY too soft and not supportive at all. I love reefs but after this I might be done buying them.The sizing was way to big and ripped super easyReturning themThese Brooks are super comfortable and great for a more neutral run but still feel supportive. Would recommend trying on in store first as they run a little small, I wear a half size bigger than my normal size.Love these!  I was looking for another layer to fight off the Alaskan winter chill and these did the trick.  Great price, good quality and fast shipping!Bought this for my son who was starting kindergarten because he loves bugs. It was perfect size and super cute, but was already starting to fall apart halfway through the school year. I didn't expect it to last beyond kindergarten, but I figured it would get me through the year at least.Good but could not get it on without breaking seams, still worth itThey were nice quality pearls for the price. I was expecting larger pearls...however I probably should have checked for the circumference of the pearls before I purchased.Some tools are ok and some are very flimsy.It was a little smaller then I have expected wish I would have known it ran small I would have ordered the next size up.while this is a pretty ring, the size was not accurate 5 is my "real" wedding set..... not worth the cost of the return postage to have the ring refunded.

I reordered a size 4 thinking if the 5 was too big perhaps the 4 would be a better fit ..... wasted more $

am looking for something to wear while on vacation out of the country since its been suggested to me that I not wear my expensive rings ..... the search continuesI am not pleased with the way they fit me. It's my own fault I have thick calves. The material is not as I expected. I gave them to a friendVery disappointed, the Parrot Hat in the picture looks like a parrot with a short neck, and downward pointed beak.  The product received looked more like a red flamingo, the neck was long and floppy and the beak was shaped more like a flamingo without a point.  The eyes also looked more like a flamingo. Truly disappointed as I wanted to use this hat for a New Years party. :(These are very comfortable walking shoes for far less money than I would have paid at the store. THe fabric keeps them from being too hot on summer days.Love the jacket, so I kept it, but having a tailor working on it.This is a size up from our last speedo & its tighter on the chest than the last one. Super cute but didn't seem to really be a size up- more like a half size up. I have only bought speedo suits for the last year for my daughter & was surprisedBummed out. The picture is great but the foot is narrow and sole is hard. Not big enough in the calves for us curvier gals.
Super cute though and the shipping was fast!This was not a very good clasp for the money. Pops open, leaves marks on my skin (from small cuts) and generally uncomfortable.Cute, but definitely cheaply made.It's a cute bathing suit but it runs crazy small. I'm a size 4 and the large bottoms were to small on me but the top fit wonderfullyComes a loose to easily. Cheaply madelove it!!!I have had these shoes for over a year and are still in great condition. I have been wearing Converse since I was a little girl and they have yet to disappoint. They are amazing and last so long! I will continue to buy from this brand. I recommend this brand and product to everyone.I got so many compliments, clasp wouldn't stay shut so I had to bend it.I love these Crocs! Yes Crocs. I;ve owned a couple pairs over the years. my most recent pair I bought in the spring has broken already. Usually they last longer. I love them for gardening since they are rubber, the dirt washes right off. I can wear them all day, everyday and I have picky feet!I like this design, I should have kept the 38 vs the 39 size but figured feet may swell. This particular one is lighter than my maryjane style ones.The dress was a bit too small for me, despite ordering a size up.  Also, the pattern i received was... awkward!  A flower on each breast with empty space all around!!  The rouching also looked a bit cheap... take note that it is very sheer, so you will need a slip (i bought one to go with this, but it still looked a bit cheap).It's a huge scarf can use for wrap or shawl... still trying to figure out how to make it look like the picture so it doesn't look like its taking over my body..These medium petite pants fit lime an xl!it's just alrightPoorly made. Doesn't deserve the "Samsonite" badge.  I bought this bag 4 days ago and during my first flight the stitches tore off.  It wasn't even fully loaded.  If you are looking for a wheeled duffel bag, don't ever buy this one.Not great support if you're on the larger side.  I'd say better quality for a small-chested woman.I think maybe this is a case of "I should've purchased directly from the company" for this one.  I love Born shoes, boots, and sandals.  These showed up with the left shoe a half size smaller than the right.  And the leather is very stiff, not at all like I'm used to with Born for years and years.Straps are itchyPerfectJust received this necklace and it turned out to be a bracelet, not a necklace as advertised. Not only is it the wrong item, but also the charm does not lie flat and is very bent in one direction. Will definitely be returning this as soon as possible.love love love this watch,i got lots of compliments,i love michael kors watches,elegant and like the quality! will buy more from this seller!Just arrived....in 2 days!  It is a dark burgundy stone.  Otherwise, I'd give it 5 stars.  It MAY appear more like the pic in sunlight?  But no matter.  It is a great accessory for my Skins jersey etc.  Hail to the Redskins!Greatest costume ever. Everyone loved it. Bought this for my 9 year old and he looked great in it.It fits as expected as long as you know this is not a fitted but a baggy blouse.  I was disappointed in the material when it arrived because it had deep wrinkles in it that still have not come out after several washing's and ironing's. Since I wear it with a jacket, I can ignore them but I was disappointedStone was plastic and fell out first time I wear itNeed 29 length but they don't seem to have itThey were ok but made my feet hurt so I gave them awayEvery other card slot is not stitched at the bottom and the cards fall through.Very compfortable.The suit is very cute but runs really big! I have a large chest and the xl is almost unwearable. I am a 34 H, 5'8" 175 lbs and I should have gotten a L or maybe even a M! I got a different top for it because it was too cheap to care to return/ exchange. It is cute though;)I wear Toms for 8+ hours a day to give you an idea of what type of shoe I was looking for.  These are definitely no Toms.... they are ok for the first half of the day but by lunch my feet are aching.I'm a size 7 with narrow to average feet. I always order a 7.5 in boots, to allow room for thick socks if needed. These are TIGHT! They definitely run small. They're also super uncomfortable and too big on my small calves. These aren't worth it, even at the sale price.It's see through and fits weirdQuality is pretty good. Love the pattern.

Cons: elastic waist band, no pocketsAdorable shoe but ran huge! We tried the same style and brand on in a store and when these came they were huge and had to be returned.Its not very warm. But fits well and serves the purpose.Bought this for my wife, who's similar American Tourister bad started to self-destruct.  This bag is as nice as the other Vera Bradley bags she has, but this one has a more moisture resistant fabric.  It's a very nice bag with a fairly lively pattern.  My wife seems to really like it enough to want to purchase another Vera Bradley travel bag bag to match this one.  Seems well build and every bit as nice (nicer, really) than the American Tourister she had.Wrinkles on sole not what I expect from the brandNot what I expected.  The jacket and the shirt are cut to fit different sizes.  The jacket is too small and very stiff.I like them, but they can't be worn very well with many casual pants.  Why?  Because many casual pants have an extra wide belt loop in the exact middle of the back.  Because these suspenders have just one strand in back, and because of the way the hook attaches around the bottom of the belt on the sides of the hook, if the middle back belt loop is more than about an inch wide you are in trouble; you can't hook around the belt because the loop is in the way. Maybe you can squeeze the loop, or attach the suspenders off to the side of the back middle (I've tried both) but neither works very well.

Another issue: the suspenders can pull up on your belt in front between the two front belt loops so that the front of the belt (including the buckle) is resting on your shirt an inch or two above your pants.

And of course you *do* have to wear a belt with these suspenders; with traditional suspenders you don't.

In short, it's a nifty idea to have plastic-hook suspenders that don't need to bite into your pants and which can go through airport security, but there are some resulting downsides.Garbage, fell apart within a month of wearing it.Beautiful shoe, true to size.Cheapest leather I have ever seen.  It was more like a thin layer of leather over cardboard.  The straps were very very thin and completely tore in half the minute I pulled on it - an that was right out of the box! Didn't even have a chance to try it with actual weight in it.  Wrapped it back up and returning for a refund.  Very bad quality.  Not sure where these other reviews are coming from!great item for my costumeHeavier material than i am used to, However if thy last then no problem.Came on time and fit as expected. A tiny bit snug on the thighs, but I have bit legs compared to most girls my pants size.A lot smaller than I thought it would be.This is a beautiful necklace.  I gave one as a gift and kept one for myself.  I wish I could buy more as it really is a special, good quality piece of jewelry.I bought two pairs and the first ones fit perfectly but the other had a run in them and as soon as I pulled them up they ripped on the front part of the thighs.I was looking for a new workout shoe and bought this and was surprised by how flimsy the top of the toe area is. The show is so beautiful that i decided to just keep it as an everyday type sneaker. I wouldnt recommend crosstraining in the shoe.NICE ROBE FOR THE PRICE . AND IT LOOKS GOOD .Too small, barely covers your butt.Not as good as the pic. Looks cheaper then it should. But it is a pretty ring.Good shoeneeds more ball roomIts good. It got everything I need. It has some kind of protector for glasses, cell phones,etc.I guess I'm not cut out to be a cowboy! Couldn't wear them.  They do look good with jeans.  Maybe if you have a true D width foot they might be OK.  I have a EE and they didn't work for me.  Good luck if you buy them.  It was a great deal.okLoving my Onitsuka Tigers. Love this shoe. Perfect fit and very sexy ! ^^,) Hard to find the green color in size 7. Good thing I was lucky that amazon has it! Thanks Amazon!Worn this for a week so far, so I will update after a few months.
The nylon strap is very sturdy and high quality, seems like it will hold up well.
Overall it's a very simple but nice watch.Completely wrong description of an item. Doesnt meet the specific safety requirements! It is not a composite toe shoe!The leather is very stiff but after a leather oil, it is nice.  The magnetic closer does not work but the flap is big enough that nothing will fall out.  It is a really vintage looking purse.  I love it!well these are cute but they tend to be weak in the sides and my feet sort of slide to the sidesDon't really like the material but was in a rush and needed something fast.  I've worn it twice now and is ok, does the job, though will most likely be buying a better quality one soon.runs a little bigThe 10 year old that I purchased this for, was thrilled with the style of this dress. I purchased it for her band concerts this year. Sadly, it is a small 16. She normally wears 14-16 girl's, but this fits her like a size 10 would. I am sad because she loved it until she tried it on. It is beautifully made. Just beware of the sizing.Converse size seems to run a bit bigger than other brands. Always a classic style that never gets old. Good qualityShipped and received promptly.  These laces were exactly as I expected, good price I am pleased.Couldn't wait to try these out, but the eye holes are far to small. It really hurt to open my eyes at all.They were long enough and fit GREAT!!!This dress is so pretty! We received many compliments on its simple elegance which is why I bought it for my daughter. It was a little large for her, but she was on the low end of the weight for the six month size. She was four months at the time of her baptism, but she was growing so fast I got the six month size.Love it! I have been using Hobo wallets for years. This is my third. They are high quality and can stand up to abuse! They are practical while having a classy style.  This is my favorite pattern so far.I'm not sure I'm going to keep this product. It's not as feminine as I expected.Feel loose on foot after lacing up and tying.  Feel like they want to fall off.Would be happier with these,  but the tightening string broke on the First day!I've had Baretraps before and loved them. I wore them until they basically fell apart. I'm going to do the same with these!BE carefull PLus is really plus. My wife is big on top but not that big. Picture is very decievingno arch so feet became tired, must add an insoleIt's decent top, for this price.
Colour is good, same as picture,
Fits well. Go for a size bigNot as cute in person as the pic. Doesn't hang right when wearing and fabric is definitely see thru! It is however, comfortable.So far so good. Loving the size and weight. Although I had to take out 2 links for it to fit. Looks and feels like the real thing. It came with a $495.00 price tag attached,don't know why because I payed $73. Maybe they are trying to tell me it's worth $495.00. Lol. I would recommend it.giving this one a 4 star as I did not care for the part for your finger to go through. It was bent and I could not get it into the right shape to wear comfortably. I ended up buying one of those stretchy blank rings where you can glue on your own design. I spread the part for the finger straight out to the sides and used E6000 glue to glue it onto the stretchy ring. Worked great, look fabulous and I have a unique ring now to wear with the Punk costume.Love the fit and comfort of these docs.  I've previously had the brown version and update every couple o' years, but decided to change it up a bit w/ black.  Very pleased with the nappa black leather.  Not too shiny for me, and quite comfortable.  Earlier this year I got the 'Bold' black docs, but the 10UK was too small and the 11UK was too big.  Probably due to the round toe style, so I ended up gifting to my big foot cousin John.

The 8053 always works well for me.  Ample room in the toe box so as not to smush my toes together, and width is perfect for my feet.  Add the long term wear docs provide and the comfy sole, and you've got a multi-purpose everyman (or woman) shoe.  Great for work, school, church and the weekend.
UPDATE: (June 19, 2015)
I've never had this happen to any of my previous 1/2 dozen or so docs I've worn. See pic below...the sole near instep has just pulled apart from shoe. Very bizarre as I've been wearing them since late April for normal work shoes.Very nice but a lonlu 4 stars since it is a bit hollow on the back side.Back clips fall out to easily when they are not in the support position or when the pants are down or however you want to say it they need to be tighter on the beltThey're warm enough, BUT they do slide of the ear after about an hour, which is a painAlthough they are a little wide and a little too big, I can wear them comfortably.  The color is neutral enough to wear with a lot of different colors.It a great to cover from the cold but the quality is not the greatest but for the price is a great buySo niceIt runs just a tad bit small around the back area, and the straps (just above the girls) aren't adjustable and twist a bit.The inside next to the rubber is not lined, so thick socks are a must if you will be standing in snow.  Also, the zipper ends right around the top of my foot at the arch- and I have high arches, so the zipper has scraped up the top of my foot a few times.  Super cute though.THESE SHOES ARE THE CUTEST SHOES I have bought in a long time! I am so sad I have to send these back. If you have a narrow foot, purchase these shoes you WILL NOT regret it. If you have a wide foot, forget about it. I knew before I put them on that it wouldn't work. The base of the shoe is TINY. The inside edge of the shoe is fine but your foot will hang out of the hole on the outside edge and it looks awful. Please make shoes in a wide, Naya! I am still giving these shoes 4 starts because if I had a narrow foot i'd be ecstatic to wear them.Sleeves a little longTop is too padded with crappy, stiff padding.Got these for my Daughter - she's a hostess at the local bar and grill and on her feet constantly.. Needed something skid and slip resistant - that was a requirement for the job. I could tell that they were going to be waaaay better than the crappy shoes she had.

She thanked me.Thin and some what smallDoesn't quite grip my card will enough. I have had them spill into my pocket on occasion.First set I ordered the maroon one had a whole in it and was coming unravelled. Returned and the second set is perfect.The backpack was just what I needed for a trip out west.  It held everything I needed.  Most of the items were in large main compartment.  I only kept a few snacks and some tissues in front zippered section.  I was certainly surprised on the fifth day to find that the lining of the front compartment had separated where it was stitched.  Now anything I put in that section falls into the main compartment.  It's a shame, because I really liked the bag.Costume worked out great itwas used for a school project and was a hit. My daughter got an A and looked terrific.  The costumewas everything it was advertised as and sizing was correct.I thought they would be darker shades of brown and black, but they are just OK. The online picture makes the shoes look richer than they actually are.They fit as expected but were a lil "stiff" compared to other Onizuka tigers I haveGets the job done.Fit and quality didn't match expectations.The material and construction were fine, but Dickies is using a different size 18 than the rest of the world.it was great product. my daughter loves it.I love these pants. So soft and comfortable and great for camping! I usually wear between a 14-16 and the XL fit perfectly. Absolutely worth the money and I'm going to buy another pair. Love. Love. Love these pants!Tear and gets holes very easily.No matter what your distance, having the least amount of weight on your feet as possible, while maintaining comfort is important. This shoe definitely helps me not be as fatigued as previous shoes have. Will buy again!Very nice exactly as I expectedChain is really long- I had to take it apart & shorten. But a great deal for just a few dollars! Very Jules Verne!I usually wear size 9 medium.  This one is too big for a size 9 for me.  Size 8 is probably more like it.Opened package and shoe had fallen apart & glue was all over the flip flop. Had to throw away.Very comfortable, but at least 2 sizes too big. I usually wear a 22/24,  but the 22 is way too big and starts sliding down halfway through the day. The waist could also be narrower to help the sliding down. I'm considering sewing something into the waistband to keep them up.I bought these because I have them in a different color and wanted another pair. They are the same size, but somehow way too small. They were extremely tight in the toe area. I decided to try to stretch them and keep them  because I was afraid I wouldn't find them again and figured since they are the same size they'll have to stretch at some point.The shoes looked and fit as expected even with the five finger socks.  They are very comfortable to walk in as well.  A definite keeper.good...Fits perfectly. I love it. Will def. buy more again.Great fitExactly as described and pictured.  A nice item delivered for a good price.  Description says 'Gold' but it is obviously golden instead.  No problem there.

Here is the back story...  It was almost time for our annual installation of officers again.  A custom Past Master apron, certificate, and so forth were ordered early and already in-hand.

Uh oh.  Someone realized we were out of Past Master lapel pins.  The traditional practice would have been to order more from any of the usual historical supply companies.  Such would have been delivered in a week or two per usual. That would have been too late for our already scheduled public presentation. :-(

Amazon Prime to the rescue.  His wife pinned it onto his jacket during the ceremonies.  Yes, she kissed him while pinning.  Everyone happy now.  Yay!  :-)

Some shopping advice for wives and other non-Masons...  Different jurisdictions (states, countries, so forth) have different ideas about what emblem a Past Master should display to be recognized for his service.  Some wear chained together dangling bits denoting the Pythagorean theorem.  Some insist a Square be included.  Some have various other symbols.  Some do not allow any, other than Grand Lodge officers, to wear golden toned items.  And some might consider it a bit large.  Check local details before choosing this general style as a gift.  This is a good item sold at a good price but it might or might not not be considered appropriate wherever you are located.These pants are very soft and just the right thickness, but they had a hole in the seam when I got them.I ordered the wrong model and they are too small.Cute suit, but way too short through the torso. I'm 5'7" and I couldn't even pull it up to the bottom of my bust.for the price, these bots were made from super cheap material. should have been a $50 maximum purchase. very low quality.It was too smallThis bag arrived and looked great, it fit all of my necessary clothing for a five day volunteering stint at a summer camp- however, walking to the subway the metal clasp attaching the strap to the bag itself bent completely out of shape so that the bag fell off while I was using the shoulder strap. I tried to re-shape the metal and secure it back into place but I ended up having to carry the bag by the short handles for the entire time. At the end of my week away, a friend assembled the clasp back together, hoping that it might hold up for at least the ride back, however the metal not only bent out of place, but proceeded to pierce through the fabric loop holding it. Funnily enough this managed to allow me to make it through the door using the shoulder strap. When I got home I noticed that the second side clasp was in an earlier state of the same process. Though frustrated, I was initially okay with the bag purchase because I read that Everest has a warranty, though upon reading the fine print I found out that I would have to pay to ship the bag back to Everest, and include a cheque with my defective bag in order to pay for the return shipping of a new product. Seriously? Shipping cost the same price of the bag so I'm just going to consider this one a loss. The bag only held a couple of day's worth of summer clothing, that fit easily inside, I wasn't carrying bricks. The bag looks great (hence the two stars), but it really seems like they tried to cut costs on the metal side pieces.Nice socks that fit comfortably over the calf.I wear 11 in all other shoes and had to reorder in a size 10 for correct fit.Ordered half size up and still to small. Rigid. no give, no stretch. Like walking in metal shoesThe Good
1. They look good.
2. Good about hugging my backside.

The Bad
1. The waist stitching started ripping after trying them on. (I only wore them for 20 min, laying down, standing up, and walking around.)
2. The waist stitching started ripping after trying them on.
3. The waist stitching started ripping after trying them on.

Bottom line: I repeated myself on the bad because that was the only problem I had but it definitely outweighs the good.It's hard to believe that the sizing is so far off.  I wear a size 9 shoe in most brands.  I ordered a 9-1/2 figuring I would be wearing heavy socks with these shoes.  I returned them and ordered a 10-1/2.  We'll see how that goes.  These shoes should also come in a choice of widths but, they don't.The flip flops are good, thick foam.  Snug, but not small.I'm on my 2nd pair, but they've lasted over 3 years combined and my current pair still has a lot of life left in them.  I work full time as a restaurant server and am always on my feet.  I used to skimp on cheaper shoes, but never will again.  These things pay for themselves with how long they last and are much more comfortable and way better for my back/knees/etc. than what I use to use.Too baggie...ordered the regular fitSlay in this!READ THIS REVIEW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

This watch is stylih but IMPOSSIBLE to set the date! It drives you crazy! But it is a really nice watch! Yous should complement my review after you buy it and like it! it is also a watch for the Gym because has the stopwatch or whatever.Thin to short & size runs way to small I had to give them away do not buy unless you are skinny & 5'2"It looks just like the picture. It runs really small! I wear a small and I got a Medium and it fits like an XS that you could squeeze in but still make it work! lol It's tight around the arms. I ended up ripping it at the neck part since it was so tight into a V-neck to make it looser and its super cute now! Sounds crazy but I like to recreate my clothes if it doesn't work to make it work! so I like it! lolThe sunglasses were nice while they lasted. The nose pieces came off within weeks with very light usage, and after contacting customer support they offered to replace the nose pieces but I never received them. They are  extremely uncomfortable and useless with the metal resting directly on your nose.Works greatGave these 3 stars because they are too short. Width is fine. I wear an 8 1/2 shoe so I ordered these as 8 1/2. They came in with a header stating that these were 8 1/2 to 9. I have worn them for a week hoping that they would "stretch out." Not so. I do like the slipper feel and the construction seems very good. That is why I am buying another pair, just in a larger size. So I would suggest that you order a size up when you do purchase them. I will update this when the new pair comes in.These fit really weird, and not like my many other NB shoes.  They slipped at the heel, but were too narrow/tight on the sides (below the toes).  Bummer, because I loved the color combo.I LOVE this bag! The color is great, the pockets are wonderful and the length of the strap fits perfectly against the hip. I highly recommend and will probably buy another color.Too expensive for what really it does and what it is.Quality shoe but sizes run too small need order a full size bigger than what you normally wear.This is much, much smaller than I expected! Order up. Like two sizes up...I wish it fit me but I have DD bra size and this was not going to cover that!  The fabric felt nice and the color was fun!  Sadly, I sent it back.Nice dress but it runs small.love the material and the brand but the pic shows the sleeves as ruffled and girly. they arrived not. I kept them bc I still liked it but they are more on the boyish sideThe print I got was very faded and fitted terribly. The leggings came in an extra large size, I'm 5'4 and slender, these hung above my ankles when I was holding the waist band- because they were also very very loose. The material was also very disconcerting and slightly scratchy. I'm not impressed with this product, it looks nothing close to what I was hoping for.Gave 3 star just to be fair but they run too small and, in my case, they somewhat affect blood circulation. I'd be very happy if their size 13 or 14 came in wider options too. Thanks!When I received the necklace I was very disappointed... There was no pearl in the O, and it was very poorly made. If you didn't know what it was suppose to say you wouldn't have any idea. Honestly I threw it away.Ok, but once I receive the shoe, I didn't like the style!Shoes can be adjusted which is great but they are a little noisy when walking in the house.  The stick to the floor because they are nonslip.Fits my daughter's skinny wrist perfectly.  Easy on and off.  Unfortunately the band has snapped and watch is in the trash.Very disappointed; The shirt sent looks nothing like it does on the web site; the graphic does not cover the entire shirt as shown but worse, it's like you're viewing the graphic thru a dirty window (frankly, it looks like someone took a picture of the shirt with their phone and did the transfer from the low quality phone picture.  About the only reason this got 1 star was because it did fit, but otherwise a huge disappointmentCute dress but bunched up at bottom. I don't like the bunched up design but that is my opinion. Other then that it's a cute little dress and my niece loved it.How can a human fit this? I could have wrapped it around myself twice. Leather was nice though. Hardware was notFIts good, but short and stays by knees.I've worn these about every time I go out to town now since I got them. I love the look, I don't want to gauge because I have so many regular earrings I love to wear. They have held up as real work horse earrings. Very light and very comfortable.not any wear near as comfortable as the higher priced Asics, better to spend a bit more.I do not like these at all. I have been tempted just to throw them away. I have some Exofficio's and Adidas also. These are not even close to the same league. I am 6ft 210 pounds and do lift quite a bit. I have a measured waist of 34 but wear a 36 to fit my legs. I ordered the large.  These are way too long and too tight. The junk area is very weird feeling and is not soft at all. I would opt for the exofficios or Adidas.Doesn't fit as actual size chart. I Wear a twelve in all my shoes and it's tight on my feetLove it sliming and tighteningIt's a great wallet. It's has all the right pockets for your cards. Iv never liked a wallet like this one.Love the look of this shoe, but ordering my normal size of 6.5 fits in length but abit full feeling through the ball/toes of the shoe. I will keep them and probably put a foot pad in the shoe toe area.Cons:At first the buckle on the on shoe wouldn't stay in but I fixed it.
  They are black to splatter shows up that  needs to be wiped off.
PROS:
You can wipe them off pretty easily when something gets on them.
Saved me from scuffing up the bottom of my jeans in the slushy weather.
They are great for slippery floors and drive ways. I work in the food industry and the floors get wet from the sink and from mopping and they were very helpful. The parking lot out to dumpster is the worst. I was able to wear then instead of boots and get through the mud and the muck of slush outside. My feet stayed dry because I was high enough that puddles didn't bother the exposed part of my feet.

My driveway is at an incline and full of ice. They have helped greatly with me being able to get in and out of my car without having to put boots on and then having to switch shoes when I got to work. They also wipe off really well when inside and don't seem to track mud.So pretty and durable. The glitter stays on & is comfortable for everyday wear.
Great Christmas shoes that will wear through springFits fine and looks nice. Nothings fallen apart yet so that's a good sign!This thing is absolute crap unless your boobs are small (B cup or smaller) or fake. Waste. Of. Money. Hated it.The shoes aren't necessarily small, more just difficult to put on.If I had known this was a trucker cap, I would not of purchased it.Not as pictured on websitethe prints on wife shirt was printed wrong instead of HIM it was printed MY HEART ONLY BEATS FOR  HER. I am returning my order.Not great quality for the $ but I'll get a few wears out of it, cute.Well, I read some favorable reviews and bought my first trek shirt.  I'm primarily a TOS fan.  Shirt isn't great.  It's licensed and all but the emblem isn't that glittery stuff, there's nothing on the sleeves, and it's pretty much just an oddly shaped lightweight crew neck t-shirt.  To any observer, it's obviously Star Trek, though.Ended up being too large so only wear it now as a bathing suit coverupUncomfortableThese run very large buy one size smaller.great style color and comfortHey I received my shoes today and they are dirty they have yellow stains and marks all. On the sides on top. And tip. Of shoes I am. Dissatisfied  with theseGreat hat, not sure how long it will last. Brim is bent after a few uses. With Florida heat and humidity the hat is surprisingly cool to wear and I run hot an  sweat alot.

I have a larger, not massive head. It fit snug but comfortable and not scratchy.I am usually a medium but this was a lil to big for me as well as long! I am about 5 foot around 135. I would say go with a size down.I like the actual pajamas and the material. HOWEVER, I think they ran small. I bought my boys their actual sizes and their bellies would show if they slightly raised their arms. I would go with a size up.Microscopic fit. Returned.very niseThese look nice and they come in different colors as shown in the picture. Problem is they are very loose, it cannot stay forever. It comes out easily and if the kids are playing then they get lost.My nephew loved this gift. It's bigger and more robust than I thought it would be. Especially for the price!Love the socks!  Warm and soft, thick and comfortable.  Plush and luxurious on the inside.  Wash and dry nicely.  Held their shape well.  The socks have some stretch, give, and shape memory.  Wearing well.  Kept our feet toasty warm during nasty cold, rainy, fall camping.  Would purchase again.  Good value.Nice Jacket. My zipper broke after a month though.Good fit.Cheap... Advertised as men's earrings but made for children...Warm, comfortably, looks great on my daughterFelt really comfortable, but was too wide even when I tightened the Velcro strap.I guess that you are supposed to know that Indigo Blue means Purple! ...I didn't know that; so after using them on a couple of trips Im giving them away :(

One has a problem with the handle collasping every 15 seconds in the terminal so Ill check with the warranty folks sbout that problem once I figure ou how to reach them.  The second one of two is fine. They fit well on~board and will be even better as the airlines shrink the Carry-On size!Fit great out of the bag but did shrink significantly after a few washesVery sheer, great fit otherwise.SmallThey seem really well made and very soft. I tried it on and at 5'5 160 they were in no case too tight. Warning though: Leggings mean that they are ankle high not footed tights. I needed them to cover my feet so I sent them back.These are the worst expensive socks Ive ever bought, when I found out Steve Madden bought Betsy J I understood the the demisePretty shoes but it was a little too tight so had to return itFoot is slipping at the heel but tight in the toe. I'm returning."Beautiful Dress"Zipper broke on the third day. Shoes seemed to fit fine, but maybe just poor quality.Sizes run largeI love them. Took a few days of wearing them to break the heal in.The sleeves are baggy with sloppy, large cuffs.  I like my wrists snug.  I prefer a crew type neck fit.  This one is wider, okie undershirt fit.  The mesh fabric was why I ordered it.  All the above is why I returned it.I like them so far, i have only worn them once.Shoes feels like they're burning my feet, keeping them on for long periods of time they hurt, would not buy them online again.I originally wanted the scott's, but for the life of me I can't find my size anywhere anymore, so I settled on the gobi's.  I have wide feet, and I've come to expect vivo's shape to cater to that, but in this shoe the midshoe is a bit narrow, and the front to back is quite a bit longer than I'm familiar with in their sizing.  The high tops aren't very flexible, and they dig uncomfortably into my legs where I've actually been cut by the shoe and am now sporting some new scabs.  That being said, I assume they will break in with time, and everyone I've talked to about them seems to love them for their comfort.  I'm open to giving it some time, but for now, fairly unsatisfied.DIDNT FIT  GAVE IT TO GRANDDAUGHTERHaving read other reviews about how supposedly large the costume was on their children, I purchased the 12-18 month size for my 18 month old since he's small for his age. The costume is a little short but other than that, fits well. I'm going to cut the bottom of the feet off so the top part of the foot will fit over the tops of his shoes. I thought the costume would be made of thicker material but it's quite thin so if you live in a part of the country where it's cold in October, you'll have to layer a lot under the costume.I bought my first pair of the original Go Walks at a local store about 3 years ago.  I'd never worn a more comfortable shoe in my life.  There was no need to break the shoes in as they were cushy, soft and light as air from the get go.  When my original pair started showing signs of wear and felt like they weren't as comfy, I ordered another pair from Amazon because I couldn't find the originals anywhere locally.  I tried on the Go Walk 2's and 3's in our local stores but they just didn't feel the same at all and I wanted the original.  Anyway, they don't feel like the same shoe.  They look the same but don't feel the same at all.  The fabric isn't as soft, the softness and cushiony part of the shoe doesn't feel nearly as good and oddly, they're not as wide either even though I ordered the exact same size as my original pair.  I wore the shoes for two weeks or so hoping the kinks would work themselves out but I ended up going back to my old pair.  I probably should have returned them but didn't.Mine got a hole in the pocketWay too large. Does run big.  Not the cut that it showsSizing is wrong, ordered 2T and they run small.Ordered a large, dress fit like a smallScratchy material. I was not able to wear it. I sent it backYou can't even tell it's not real! Purchased it to wear instead of my original because my fingers swelled up during pregnancyI have several leather cuffs and I know what to expect at this price point. But the creator could have at least lined up the snap buttons  (yes buttons are mostly covered but, still...)

The leather is very then and feels like it might separate at the center stitching at any moment.

Its not worth my time to try and send it back. I do like the design and will wear it or modify it.I like this boot very much!! It was exactly what I was looking for!! Thank you!! And it fits just right!!Weird fit, won't order another.Bought these shoes for a super formal wedding and got complements from everyone there, even the bride loved my shoes!The fit was fine but I did not like the overall look or feel of this flat...it seemed a bit flimsy and not as nicely finished as I would have liked.This watch is gorgeous, stylish and chic. The other reviews said it was big and it is, if you are a very petite lady you may want to check out other MK watches. I had to take it to the jewelers to have links removed because as I said it is a big watch. I have received many compliments and lots of jealous looks. I would definitely recommend this as a gift. I will also mention that this is a heavy watch you will definitely know you have it on your wrist. Enjoy.Ordered on the evening of the 12th, arrived on the 14th. Order details said arriving the 17th-20th, so fast shipping!! Great product, easy to put in. Would definitely order again.As a lactating female specimen this bra was found to be inadequate in fit, comfort and preventing leaks from immediately drenching my clothing, baby and everything in a 5ft radius.

Would not recommend to anyone above an a cup or lactating.I want to like this, it's a nice looking watch with a nice display.  If you're planning on getting this watch wet, I'd suggest looking for a different watch. I got it wet once, now the inside of the crystal has water in it.No sturdiness to the top at all; material has too much give.  Looked cute, but not functional if you're really going to swim in it.I am a mediun size and bought that. But it is like an extra large oneBut they're still awesome!!! Love Kamik Kid's boot, I have size 8 womens feet and it so cool to buy kids shoes for cheaper!I am in my early 20's and wanted a watch that was a bit flashy and an eye-catching, but not too gaudy or in bad taste.  This Diesel watch fit the bill perfectly.  As soon as I saw it in Macy's I decided to buy it.  After coming home and looking at it I noticed that it already had an imperfection  on the inside.  It looked like a white flake or scratch and though faint was still noticeable to anyone who took a close look at the watch.

Instead of returning it I decided to exchange it for a new one.  I received many compliments on it the night I was out (this is a watch that looks much more expensive then the $150 I paid for it, it is even cheaper on amazon).  However, the next day as I was getting into my car I lightly bumped the watch on my steering wheel.  I had been treating this watch like an egg shell because it was new and I loved it, and it turns out it is about as solid as one.  A light bump was enough to break a chuck out of the glass in the front.  This time I decided to return it for good.  Much like the Diesel brand, this watch is all looks and no substance.  Great looking, large, attracts lots of looks, but is about as well-made as a $10 watch.Bad quality fabricVery pretty, I had wanted something a bit heavier to add a charm to it.the pants are nice but the material of the top is harsh, not good for babies sensitive skin.I love these shoes!! First moccasins I bought and worth every penny! I needed a day or two to wear them in. Other then that I get tons of compliments on theses shoes and they look great with jeans!Very nice display stand.  I wish it came in black but the brown fabric is very nice quality.I going to returned I got the rown size may be a get bigger size.This bracelet looks great especially given the price, but that only made it more disappointing when after wearing it only a few times the clasp broke. The rest of the bracelet seemed to be excellent quality for the price, but that doesn't really matter when the shoddy clasp makes it unwearable.I like how the glasses fit and how they look.  However,  the most annoying thing annoy these is the fact that even when you use microfiber cloth to clean these, never drop them,  and keep them in a case,  they still get scratched up. Not worth what I paid if they're scratching up so easily. Other than that,  the lenses keep the glare down and work pretty well.Love this wallet! I'm a Vera Bradley girl, I love my Vera wallets, bags, etc. so I don't usually stray away but this wallet is great ! Great price point and material. A lot of space, my only complaint is the front pocket that holds 12 cards, if full will not button close but other than that, I love it !The Blue tinted pair of sunglasses arrived with one of the inside rubber nose guards missing the tiny screw in which it is supposed to be held in place.These are ok. They don't really look like jeans like several other jeggings I have worn look. I think it is because they are a bit too stretchy. Also the pockets hit really low on the butt. Don't give me that baby got back look unfortunately :)I'm giving it 3 stars because it's super cute but I have a small head and it's a little big for me but I'm keeping it because I can wrap head bands around it or bandannas. I really like it though.Decent jacket for the price, just gotta lose 30 pounds to zip it up, buy at LEAST 1 size larger for a comfortable fitHaving bought diamonds in the past (from local jewelry stores) at the same Carat value I was very disappointed to see that these earrings are almost half the size of what i was expecting. I don't know how they calculate the Carat weight of these diamonds but they are way too small to be 1Ct total value (.5 per earring). Clarity and color are more or less what i was expecting for this price but the size was definitely a big letdown. Trying to figure out whether or not to return them but i will definitely not be buying any diamonds from this seller anymore.I really enjoy it :) it's amazing on my girlfriend. She loves it to. It's comfortable for her to wear and I like to grasp on her breast.Good support shoe. High arch. You do have to get used to them. I am up to 3-4 hours a day. Better than regular flip flops. I ear them around the house so far. I wear size 8M and ordered 8. True to size. Would be to wide for narrow foot. If you down size the strap between the toes will be to tight.I wanted to love this bra because it was so pretty but unfortunately, since I have had an implant due to a mastectomy th cuos just did not fit quite right.  I am sure it would be perfect for someone with their natural breasts.Put it on and it broke in halfCheap quality and way too big for an average-sized head.I just love this shirt my daughter got one and then I went ahea and got myself one. Super cute and comfy.This bag is absolutely beautiful - well made & quite different from your every day purse!  I was initially concerned about the interior, I don't normally purchase 'hobo' style bags because it's just 1 big compartment.  Not a problem w/this bag!  There are so many outside pockets, I don't think I'll even use the purse organizer insert I purchased for it!  Something you can't truly see in the photos - the QUALITY - everything is lined w/that sassy red!  The fan shaped design on the bottom left of the front - those are silver toned metal (not paint) & sequins - you also receive 2 extra in case one comes off.  Another bonus, the interior zipper pocket is quite large & so are the interior 2 slip pockets (big enough for your smartphone).  Also, the 2 back mesh pockets are not see-thru black mesh; they are lined w/black so the mesh blends in but you don't see any of the contents.

One drawback:  The shape of the bag makes getting inside the zipper a little challenging because it's narrow.  But again, since my main 'go to' items are in the EIGHT outside pockets, I don't think it will be a hassle.

I did check out the Desigual site & found this bag for less than Amazon.  However, I had a $100 Amazon gift card & since I am a Prime member, I received it in 2 days.

Sure to be an eye catcher & receive lots of compliments!I love how cute these shoes are, I will give them that. I read many reviews before purchasing these shoes & many reviews said they were comfortable. They are not comfortable in my opinion. I stand & walk a lot, & these shoes are like standing on cement. I had to purchase good insoles to place in these shoes because the discomfort was too much for me standing & walking most of the day. For the price of them I would think the manufacture would place good padding & support in these shoes. They are very sturdy shoes though. I have had them about 8 months now. They are still holding up well, they have worn a little on the inside back heel part where your ankle rubs all day, but that's it. I have also washed these because they were dirty with everyday wear. They came out perfect & looking like new again. Shoes made well. but uncomfortable. It does run a little small. I wear a size 8 1/2 women's & the size 9 fits wonderfully.Awesome! !!! We bought recently this jacket and at the same time winter showed up. It's very nice,warm jacket.  I love it. Thank you.The sizes are way off about 3 to 4 sizes smaller than normalNot the correct size it says on tagShipping took MUCH longer than promised. Bag is very small, not the same size as other cross body VB bags. Print is cute, but I wouldn't buy it again.Does not fit as expected- fits very large- other boots, like Frys or Durango, fits exactly as it is made- overall its ok, just fits one whole size biggerLove these shoe true to colorThese are extremely cute, but somewhat narrow. Had to send them back as my foot is on the wider side.perfectIt was just ok for the price. Very thin material but you get what you pay for. A little small.. Not true to size.Sizes are junior....don't order if your normal women's size.little dissapoined in show short the torso is - I am 6'3" so I get that get short but not in 2XLBought 3 of these at a local store. Loved them so much so I bought 2 more online. The perfect scuba for my curvy body. Very comfortable. I hate to take them off when I get home.Baggy.  Very baggy.It is not leather, it is plastic. I myself have a couple of bags made of plastic which I like, but I can cope with anything but getting something I haven't paid for, after a misleading advert. Very unhappy, feeling fooled and right now placing a claim for a free refund.This is way too small to carry cash and credit cards; it is awkward to use, A  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.fits wellThis is very stylish.  It has slash sides which helps with the fit.  I wear it pretty often.  It runs pretty true to sizeshould have ordered 38DBelt would be nicer if it was 1.5" wide. Buckle is very cheap. I wouldn't expect it to last long.Love hurley for my 2 year old boy! Good quality and true to sizelovely..but ran a little big. The stones were big as well. I liked it, but it was just a little to big all around for me.Ordered Women's XL and item was maybe the equivalent of a child's XL. Very disappointing.This is very cute, but I was expecting a red color.  It is more of a deep pink color.  Daughter loves it!Baby is 10 months and pretty tall but he absolutely should be able to fit an 18 month sleeper.
 I think he'll be able to use these for a few weeks only. Thought i would be safe ordering the 18 month size but its just crazy that this size doesn't fit him.Very nice matte-finish onyx beads with a very nice sterling silver toggle clasp. I'm 6'2" with large wrists and this fits perfectly. What I like about King Baby: Hand Made in America with great quality. What's not to love?Nice quality but could be a little bit more length!These bracelets are nice.  Got them for my grand daughter's valentines presentThey are not olive like the description said they were.Boots are to bigMy husband got these for me for my birthday they were very lovely. He said they looked very nice on me also.  I would recommend these to anyone.It's very durable but need  pocket.Great if your a female.  My husband got them for his birthday and can not get them on.  Fit me just fine.  I have a new pair of socks.My father-in-law loved them. He put them on as soon as we gave them to him and hasn't taken them off since.RAGS!! I DID NOT RECEIVE THE ITEM PICTURED I RECEIVED 8 VERY UGLY SUPER THIN  PIECES OF CLOTH.Returned this.  It's a large box but extremely small on the inside.  Not sure who would bother taking only a few pieces of jewelry and packing this large box!This shoe and I have a love-hate relationship. I usually wear between a 7.5 and an 8, and I bought a 7.5 in these. The toe box appears to be the correct length and width, but from the top of the shoe to the foot bed it's unusually short.

It was a pretty brutal break-in experience -- bruised toes and desperate stretching with hair dryer -- but they eventually softened up as much as patent leather can and get worn often because they feel like a second skin. I received another pair (different color) in a size 8, which did alleviate the issue a bit but they still feel slightly too short vertically and are a hair too long, so they rub the backs of my heels... Just can't quite win.My daughter loves it, however, I gave it a three star, as 4 inches of fringes were missing on the front. She won't mind and we are keeping it.Well constructed.  These slippers are made to last.  Although you have to order up a size.  They run a little small.I don't really like it. the camel color just isn't right. will be sending back.Cute and fun for our granddaugher.Love these suspenders! Added them to my carpenter belt, no more going around pulling up the belt all day! What little weight that was added is offset by the comfort gained!My son (6) loves his new Star Wars suit case. It's the perfect size for him to roll around himself. It is not as hard as I thought it was going to be. The outside is more of a hard plastic that flexes when pushed. The handle was hard to adjust to the small settings so there was a little frustration with that from the six year old that refused to let anyone else pull it for him. All in all it was a great buy. Perfect for younger kids.Too small to fit mine or my boyfriends head, might fit a kid.Nice color as expectativas, but not the size.Can't wait to put it to the heat and humidity test on vacation - in testing it the removal was not painful. It won't make them any thing more than what they are. In other words, they aren't going to be perky if they aren't now.Love them!!! So comfy and stylish!Smaller than expected and material is not of good quality.Just what I was looking forIt is not fully made in Switzerland in spite swiss made sentence written on it.These shorts have no pockets. I am returning them.AwesomeUsed these on a cross-country train trip.  They do the job they're intended to do, but they are very long. I hate to cut them because that would be cutting off the seam, but there is no reason to have them so long!  Otherwise, I do like them for the added protection of my belongings.It was a really nice shirt but somewhat big.Color very different
Poor quality
Has a black spotThese earrings are just okay.. They are a little thinner and cheaper looking than I thought they would be but for the price I guess I'll keep them.
Update.. These turned green. Not typical 1928 quality. I don't think these are authentic. Very disappointed.I bought this dress when it was on sale for under $25. While the weight and feel of the fabric was great, this dress was not kind to my shape and size.
I ordered the large and it was too large in the arms. The sleeves did not fit tightly which was weird looking with such a thick/stiff fabric.
The bust was too tight-the seams cut across making it look like I had 4 breasts, and if you don't have a completely flat stomach, the orange panel highlighting your midsection is pretty unflattering.
However, everything from my waist down looked great!... I returned it, pain-free thanks to Amazon :)VERY THIN! CHEAP LOOKINGmakes a plastic noiseI love the look of these and really wanted to enjoy them, however they were shipped in an envelope with no additional case/protection so they arrived damaged. When I opened them and laid them flat on the counter they were super crooked. When I tried these on they were so bent out of shape it was painful and looked ridiculous. Also, I have a pretty small head and these were small and TIGHT. I double checked the listing..can't believe that they're this tight and being sold as men's. the arms are so bent that it's hard to determine if that's a factor though.Perhaps this is common knowledge but I was not aware.
I purchased these slippers for my daughter who has returned to dance after a 4 year sabbatical, She is a size 10, I gave her the pair I purchase for myself (size 8) and they are still big. We have already made two exchanges and have to exchange the slippers once more. Call the company and ask for suggested sizes, Adjusting your size should be listed in the description.It was smaller than it appeared to be.good qualityNot enough spandex to hide my belly rollsSame as the photoI ordered an 8 Short Coffee.  I usually wear 8 Petite.  These were very baggy in the legs and across the front.  I usually need pants with room for my thighs, but this was more than I needed.  When I ordered the pants, I knew I would have to hem them.  However, I didn't expect them to be so baggy through the legs.  The waist was comfy and the material is very nice.  Too big for me, though.They look really nice on my Grandson's feet. The colors are so vibrantI own three of the Thanth crewneck midi dresses and love them, they are a great fit.  I am 5'4" and 100lbs (I wear I size 23 Jean for reference), the xs in the other dresses fits well but could easily look good on someone 15-20lbs heavier than I am since it has a lot of give to the fabric.  I honestly can't tell the difference between the basic crew neck dresses and my $225 James Perse dresses.

Given my love of the others I had high hopes for the rouched dresses as well, sadly these didn't live up to my expectations.  The touching was too high up and when I pulled the dress down to allow for the rouching to hit at the hips the dress length was too long, hitting me in the middle of my calf.  The maxi dress that I ordered had a similar issue with the rouching which created a weird bagginess across my stomach area, would probably be great for someone pregnant but didn't work for me.Overall the shoes are fine, but they squeak so much I can't wear them at work etcI have decided to start writing reviews on Amazon due to the amount of what appear to be fake reviews.
These are for short people.  They shrank after washing and I am only 5'3" and they are almost too short for me.  That said, I still love them as they are warm and thick with a drawstring waist, (no elastic).  They are baggy too for the given size.I wasn't sure about buying these nirsing bras online, but finding them in store has been difficult. Im almost 9 montgs pregnant and am very sick of my VS bras... these are so compfy.
Review edit: so I have had my baby and still nursing and these bras are my everyday bra that I have to wear 24/7. I'm actually about to buy them again because 3 isn't enough when laundry is difficult with a newborn!I like the bra and would probably buy it again. It's hard to find a good bra in my size that gives me the results I want.Poor quality and completely disappointed after years of wearing Frye boots.Returning a small and ordering a large - two sizes up.  The photo indicates a pink color, but the color is Lilac (grape) as indicated.  Otherwise the person I gave this too liked it very much.  That person felt that even a medium size woukd still be too small.Real niceThis winter down jacket is very light and packed in a bag which is very suitable for outdoors activitiesThe shirt is everything I could have hoped for--absolutely sophisticated and beautiful.  Great delivery. Thanks!I was impress by the large diference between a regular 15' sides and this "15" sides. I' d never had problems with the shoe number i choose but these time with these brand.These shoes looked very little like the picture. They were black high tops but the material they were made with was completely different. The ones I received were a faux plasticy leather instead of the soft faux suede (or whatever it's called)  you can see in the display (which matches the picture for this make on their site). The place on the heel where the logo is glued had sloppy glue all over the heel as well.
I've had at least 5 pairs of Osiris that have lasted for two + full years of frequent wear each, those all felt like quality and all fit the same, and fit well. These felt like they would fall apart and didn't fit right - a little small even though they should've been a little big and the toe was weird.
I almost want to agree with my boyfriend and say they were fake... But the account is Osiris... And normally Amazon dealers are more trustworthy.This item, on my wish list, came as a gift. Silver stamp and appears to be good quality bead. Have yet to wear and bang up, as my arm goes everywhere (duh) and thus my bracelet, so....I'll keep you posted in a few months! Otherwise, nice green bling, fun, and good price.

UPDATE: banged it up. All the sparkles are gone and it looks non-beautiful and non-sparkly. I'd give it three star for initial look and then ONE for the end result. Wearing my Pandora almost daily, I work with it on. All the other beads held up!Runs small. I normally wear a M in maternity, but needed a L in this shirt. Im 7 1/2 months pregnant.really pretty shoeBest deal ever! It half side bigger than my regular size but thats what I want it and fits great on my feet.Perfect as promisedNegative background is not for meThe color is not a deep purple like the pic. It's light purple n it's very very long. It have a lot of material. It will do but it's not the color.Shirt nice but very smallI bought the wrong size. It's too big for my baby. It isn't soft enough for little baby two years old.They run a little small from previous years tevas so order a size bigger. The multiple straps sometimes get tangled up and rub the top of my foot wrong.imuch prefer the Regular mush style for this reason.A little see through and the neck piece is a tad small but the idea is cute. Probably would not buy again.Very cute shoes for fall! Love them!!!Can't lie these shoes are more comfortable then i expected and i have some fred flinstone ass slave cotton picking feet lolololol but i would glady get another colorwayMy wife enjoys them,but we had to order a half-size larger.These do not fit, made very small, so order 2 sizes upToo small...Very small. I usually wear an 8 regular so I ordered a 10 considering it's a petite size and everyone saying it runs small.  I had to reorder and get a 12p!
Other than that it's the most adorable dress if it weren't for the sizing issue I would give the dress 5 stars.I bought this because I bought the navy version & loved it. This is completely different. Cheap, scratchy fabric with zero stretch. Runs 2 sizes smaller. Instantly returned.Looks nice, but runs a bit small. Get one size up. I wear 3XLT and it is not quite long enough.no problemsReturned it... did not fit right... reminded me of a nightgown.These shoes look cool on everyone but me, so I had to send them back.Nice belt well made.These were a Christmas present and they sent the wrong size.  Now I have to go through the hassel of returning them.Good underwear for a great price! Thank You Amazon!Great giftThe shoe is a skate shoe but doesnt look like a moon boot which is good. Cool lime accents under the low key grey. I really liked the fact their is good arch support which is not noted in the product description. Only down side is they are a bit small to size. I tried on 3 different pairs of DC 11.5's before ordering and these were by far the tightest. I would have reordered them in a 12, but don't have that option. If you're looking for a skate shoe these are really nice for a good price, just make sure you order them a size larger.Nice quality cotton / poly blend. If you're looking for an undershirt, these T-Shirts came thick enough to wear as a regular shirt. But good for underneath in a cold winter.Too tiny for my taste!Love 'emNicely made.  They did not fit my more square foot so I return them but they are really nice shoes. I would recommend them.Received the product in a timely manner and the quality was fantastic.While the fit is perfect, it is very uncomfortable. The straps in the back are cheap and they feel that way. Cup fits perfectly. Will not purchase again.

I have downgraded my review. I made the mistake of washing them. THEY SHRANK! Thanks.Not a good shirt.  Never wore it because the fabric was of poor quality.Just too tight all over. The New Balance WW577  in the same size fits great. I don't understand why the same size can fit so differently.Should have returned thema little big for my sonLove these boots. Fit perfect!painful to walk ingood for the price and very comfy fabric.I've worn the shoes three time and they are already falling apart.  The rubber heel is dry and brittle.  These were awesome shoes when they were new.  Since they are no longer in production, I think what everyone has in stock is old and brittle.  This is the second pair this has happened with in the last month.very cute! But a little stiff for my needs.Very pretty color and looked great with my costume, but I left a trail of feathers everywhere!!!This dress is really cute, but runs really big. My daughter wears 4T/5T, so I purchased the 4/5. She was swimming in it, length and width.  There doesnt seem to be a smaller size available anymore, so I will attempt to alter the dress or save it for when shes a few sizes bigger. I will try to update my review later, with photos.Horrible. Ugly.Its just "ok".  The problem with online shopping for clothes is that you really don't know how it looks until you put it on.  It is soft, but not very long or plush is general.Feet begin to freeze from sweating when out in the very cold. Product stated that the material keeps the feet dry. Not the case...Very sturdy, bad-a looking belt. I used it for a costume so I can't comment on it's merits for a useful application. It is heavy-duty material with a large metal buckle. Adjustable to at least a size 26 waist. Made in Korea.Not really comfortable but cuteGreat, light, somewhat small the size 10 on my usually 10 foot. Very warm and super super light, I was amazed about that.They are smaller than I expected.  Cute but a little lesser quality than one would expect for the price.I usually wear size 38-so I took a chance on the large size.  It was perfect. These briefs last a long time. They are well made.This boot was to large. I wear a size 6.5b and this boot was to large for me and I liked the color.I AM IN LOVE WITH THIS BAG!! SO MANY COMPLIMENTSLove these, so cute and good qualityIt doesn't say anything about height, but calling this a "long tank dress" means it should fit. It ends a little below my knees which makes it look very awkward. Otherwise, for any one that's 5 feet or less, it should fit pretty well.They're very small but I'll keep them.Not what I thoughtVery please with the way it fits, looks and feels.I've had several of these hats in the past in a various assortment of colors. This one was oddly bigger (wider and taller) than any I've owned. It does not fit snug to the top of my head like my previous Vans hats.the hole around your neck is a bit smaller than the holes on my other tanks, but i guess that doesnt matter too muchI can't call the handbag's material to be leather, some sort of a very bad, cheap material didn't like it at all.I like the material, I like how it's made. Very comfortable and easy to use as a Nursing Bra. The straps seem short though, or maybe I'm not used to it sitting so high up. On mine, just after a couple uses, the garter that stays attached got messed up... it's stiff (lost its elasticity) and is kinda like bacon now. I used it normally and hand washed it so I'm not sure what happened. Overall, in spite of that problem with the garter, I'm pretty happy with this bra and wish I had discovered it with my first child!!Worn 1x a week for three months and they're falling apart. Leather is detaching from sole in rearFit too small. Seems to be made well.These are beautiful boots and I was really looking forward to them. The shoe fit was on the narrow side which would have been fine with me but the calf width was very wide. I'm 5'6 with small calves and these were huge around my calves. I did like the height of the boot which fell just below my knees. I'm also a size 7 consistently and the 7.5 was snug. Wish they worked out but not for me!The shoe is very pretty, but they were much bigger than the size chosen. If you order these, get a size or size and half smaller. If they had fit, they would have been really comfortable. Quality what you expect for the price.I got the leopard print pants. They are comfy but Extremely long. I'm 5'5 and I can barely walk in them, there must be like 7 inches of extra length. Also, the pants cane with a whole in the crotch and two sizeable holes in the inner thigh. I didn't feel like messing with returning so that's disappointing. I believe there are other complaints of holes as well.Before I got these shoes from Amazon I bought exactly the same pair from Nordstrom rack, I just needed another pair and thought it would be convenient and cheaper to order online. Once again: exactly the same brand, size, model. These shoes are unbearable: they are smaller, tighter and just rock hard. The only reason I didn't return them was my own laziness and lack of time. I'll never buy any shoes from Amazon whatsoeverBeautiful shirt well made. Little large.Bought a set of these for my outdoorsy hobby survivalist son based on the good reviews.  He liked them so much I bought a pair for myself, and then for one of my other sons after that.

Well over two years later, after heavy use, the first pair finally sprung a leak.

Mine are 21 months old now, and while they are showing their wear, the interiors have held up well and they are still waterproof, as I routinely walk through several inches of water in them no problem.

Came back to order replacements for the first son, and thought it was high time to leave the review they deserved.  Super happy with these boots.Although the robe seemed heavy till I put it on the weight did not cause any problem. It was very comfortable.The size is bad. One shoes is large an light brown  the other is small an dark brown not like shoesWe loved this outfit it was so cute! Everyone just thought he was the cutest thing in this!Purchased this product for an Oktoberfest party.  It is very nice quality.  I ordered a small, which fit my waist well, but the fabric of the bust doesn't sit flush for smaller size chests.  Overall, I would recommend this product.The fix was OK but a little wide in the heel.The plastic hardens after a few hours of wear and the ends poke your fingers constantly. I tried cutting into smaller pieces and still did not like after trying several days in a row.Had a hole in 1 pairThese shoes are not for people with flat feet. There is not a lot of support. I walked in these around the grocery store and about my neighborhood, and they hurt my feet due to lack of support. They are incredibly cute, which is disappointing because they hurt my flat & wide feet.I am 6'3", 175 pounds, with a 34" inseam.  These pants look good, fit well in the waist, and are the right length.  I just wish the legs did not have as much fabric.  It feels a bit like I am wearing baggy pants...I bought this to wear to a 70's costume party.  I won the costume contest!!The size was too big for my girl. And Quality wasn't the best. The size chart should be arrange better.I'm 5'6". Dress size 18. Purchased 3X. While the skirt is nice and the fabric is flowey the pleats are placed in a way that makes the hips look larger than they actually are. The length hit me just below my knees which is good. But the waistband is such that it can bunch and twist and not look as neat. I'm most likely could have purchased a 2x, it still would have fit however I'm sure the pleats would do the same thing.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Calvin-Klein-Men-s-Basic-Crew-Neck-T-Shirt-3-Pack/dp/B00062WT2E/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Calvin Klein Men's Basic Crew Neck T-Shirt, 3-Pack</a>&nbsp;Before wearing, I washed these shirts in the same load with new Calvin Klein men's briefs.  The shirts turned pink while the briefs remained white.  After numerous washing they remain noticably pink. I would think twice before buying this product again.This dress is so cute and my daughter loved it! However - 2 things to note. One - it came out of the package with a really strong chemical odor and needed to be aired out for several days before it could be worn. Two - the stitching is just "ok". By the end of one full day of wear, the bodice was separating from the skirt line. I was able to re-sew it for a second day of wear, but it has done the same thing again. Great costume for Halloween or play but not going to last long in the average little girl's wardrobe.Picture shows 2x Black and 1x Grey. Received 1x Black, Gray, and White shirts.I followed size chart and was able to squeeze in there. A little tight on the legs and too long on the legs. Can only wear with long dress.Very pretty and feminine. Too small for the price. Wish they were a little bigger.I bought the Breton Red skirt and even though the picture showed pink I thought it would still be more red. It's not, it's hot pink for sure. Cheap feeling fabric. Cute though.Just got these leggings.  They have fleece inside them.  Truly bought them for the colors only.  Not a huge fan of the fabric.  I didn't read enough of what they were made of.  Polyester. They snag too easily.  Will probably return them and look for cotton ones.Ok I LOVE these and they go with everything- but on my first day in Disney with the fam, the ankle strap came right out! I only brought these sandals so I super glued it back in and they were great. All day in Disney for a week and they felt wonderful...and the the last day the foot bed became unattached from the sole! Too late to return but after only one week they fell apart TWICE! And I'm sad because I do really, really love them.really lovely and comfy, but would've liked a bit lower dcolletage...Cuter in the picture. Ugly and very drab color. Sending them back...Looks beautiful.  Very soft and comfortable.  A little smaller than I would like.  I wanted the blouson effect, but not happening.stylish looking.How do you have a double flare AND an O-ring?  Isn't that overkill?

Actually, when I ordered these, I received a single flare tunnel with an undersized O-ring and a double flare tunnel with an oversized O-ring. I contacted the seller who offered to send me a replacement tunnel in whichever version I wanted; I opted for the single flare as that's what I'd originally ordered.  The seller contacted me again and said that someone in their shop had mislabeled the bin and all they had were double flares with O-rings, but they also pointed out that you could clearly see in the listing's picture that both tunnels were double flared and that should have tipped me off to the fact that they'd mislabeled the listing.  What?  I don't know about you, but I can't tell anything for sure from the picture other than the fact that they're both anodized.

Anyway.  I opted to have them send me a double flared tunnel even though I'd ordered them to use in freshly stretched lobes.  The seller sent out the replacement item quickly and their customer service was mostly good (with the exception of telling me I was wrong on what was pictured, but whatever). Items came securely packaged both times, shipping was quick and on time.

However, once my ears were healed enough for me to start wearing double flared plugs and tunnels, I discovered that not only did I have problems with the listing for this item at time of purchase, the tunnels weren't true 9/16"!!

The pair I received are 1/2" anodized double flared tunnels with mis-sized O-rings (one 1/2" double flared tunnel had an O-ring sized for 9/16" & one 1/2" double flared tunnel had an O-ring sized for 7/16") a on each.

The customer service was mostly okay and the seller offered to correct the issues I had quickly enough, though I did not contact them again once I discovered the sizing error as so much time had passed.  I just didn't receive what I ordered even after that.  I don't think I'd order from them again nor would I recommend them for the problems I had.Wore this and the combination was great with the gel bra! Held me all nightNo instructions for installation. Item did not come with the part that sticks up at the top but it could not be installed because it is molded into the helmet. Having said that, I got it in there and it works well. A lot better than buying a new helmet.I'm a small frame woman 32 bust, 36 hip, it fit perfectly. I enjoyed it so much I ordered another one in a different color. Made better than what I expected. Definitely worth the price.I ordered 2 of these for my twin sons, both were supposed to be size medium, both packages were marked as medium, but one was and extra large and one was the correct size. The medium fit perfectly,  the extra large fit my husband who is 6'3. Unfortunately I didn't have the time to send it back so my son just had to make due. Also the hood was not removable like it was supposed to be according to the description implied when I ordered it. The suit it self seems well made and no issues with the quality of it.The small on is too big to be a Carry-on mostly because of the wheels.Very cute and super comfortable, but only wore once in an office, sitting most of the day, and the seams are already falling apart. Very disappointed. I was going to order more and people at work were asking where I got them because they are nice looking but comfy also. I'll definitely tell them not to bother, sadly they are not well made, they could be so fabulous though! If I could get a partial credit, I might actually order another pair, maybe these are an exception, but for 20 bucks I don't want to risk it again. I guess these will be pajamas :(Useful size prop for an adult costume. Overall pleased with this foam sword.I was surprised that this top looks exactly like the picture. It is light, airy, and comfortable. It makes me feel like I am wearing a night gown, but luckily does not look like one. I have received a lot of compliments on this top. Great for summer, goes well with tank tops and shorts.Only giving the star because I have too. Really disappointed because this jacket could have been perfect. But it is enormous. I normally wear a medium so based on the sellers recommendation I ordered a large. And it went down past my knees. The sleeves were super long. And 3 people probably could have fit in it. Also it doesn't have the drawstring belt. Which was a feature that looked really interesting. I would reorder in a smaller size...But it still won't have the drawstring belt. So why bother.This looked super cute in the picture but I was disappointed with what it looked like when I actually received it. It looks poorly made and the fabric is pretty thin. The skirt has tutu material and when I took it out of the package the costume looked like it had been sitting in the bottom of a hamper or something because it was top part was wrinkled and the tutu part was crinkled up to the point that the tutu fabric looked like it was only about 6 inches long and the decals on the skirt were barely recognizable. I just got this last night so I am working on fixing the outfit as I need this for an event this weekend and have no time to return it since a new one won't arrive in time. The decals on the skirt in the picture seem like they would be more glittery or shiny than they actually are. I am going to be spending some extra money to try to modify the outfit and will add some more glitter to the decals. The only part that was pretty decent was the headband. It was pretty sturdy and just needs some extra glitter to make it pop. They really need to improve the packaging of this item so it won't be so crinkled and damaged looking. I ordered several other costumes with this order and this was the only one that looked like that.I like my pair and wold purchase them again.  They are cute.Sizing is horrible! Runs way too big, and the color is off not as it looks on the picture at allMine shrunk. :(Run big but they were a huge hit! The elastic waist and ankles make the big fit doable. Hilarious.My husband likes his new wallet.  Its lightweight and thin.I am returning this watch. The lum is terrible, barely visible. I have other Luminox watches and they lum great.Little shortSo I ordered a ring from Sonia Jewels and when it arrived, at first i liked it.  Then I noticed there were a couple stones missing.  They sent me my ring WITH MISSING STONES?  I told them I wanted to return it, they reimbursed me and I sent it back.  A couple weeks later it arrived again, WITH MISSING STONES.  Not sure if they were the same ones missing, but there were more holes than before.  Needless to say, the product was garbage and although they helped with the return, the product was still awful.  Good customer service cannot make up for a shoddy product.

shoddy [ shddee ]
1.poorly made: poorly or carelessly made or done
2.of inferior material: made from inferior material
3.dishonest: dishonest or disgraceful

Nailed it!Beautiful and comfortable. Unfortunately a stone fell out only hours after putting it on for the first time.  Sending it back.way too small, I ordered a size 2x and it was about a medium size. really disappointed with this item.I couldn't buy one...One word of advice...Never let anyone sign your checks!it wasn't real stainless steel. it turned colors and infected my ear. I was bummed cause it looks really great.Looks great on, very classic and timeless style. Holds up well and love the extra length!Nice shoe but Converse seems to have its own take on the color "charcoal."  They appear brownish green.  I had hoped to use gray laces, but I cannot match the color of the shoes.Packaged well and a absolute amazing piece. Both the necklace and pendent are of great quality. Would recommend to others to buy with confidence.if you care  WHICH Green Lantern symbol you wear--like, if you particularly wanted the one that Hal Jordan wears, as I did--then don't get one from here.  they'll ship you A Green Lantern logo shirt, just not the one pictured.  looked long and hard for the right one, and I didn't receive the one that was pictured on the site.VERY pretty. I gave them to my mom as a birthday present. I almost kept them for myself. Perfect dainty studs for everyday wear.The glasses are too big and the material seems cheap. You cant use it as a real eyeglass cuz you cant change the cristal for a real one.This is a nice shoe and it looks even better in person. You will feel like you have on a heel without the need to balance yourself as in a high heel. The quality of the shoe is nice as well, but I suggest you get a half size bigger than what you normally wear.I almost love this bag. The only thing keeping me from loving this bag is the fact that after one month only- of regular, but light use- one of the wheels stopped working properly. It will not touch the ground 99% of the time. I had to purchase a 4-wheel roller because of a herniated disc, and with only three functioning wheels it actually puts more pressure on my back than just carrying a small laptop bag.

I love the size- I can pack for a short weekend trip, with my laptop, and some work files. I loved the 4-wheel rollers, until they stopped functioning. I love that I can get my laptop out without opening the full compartment and needing the lay the bag flat. I'll just be looking for a sturdier product that won't give out so quickly.Beautiful product but the base is bumpy and quite wobblyPretty, practical and would definitely buy again!Cute, but they start to hurt shortly after putting them on.Looks a little clunky and a bit small I would stick to the regular leather chuck TaylorsFirst, let me say that these are absolutely adorable -- so adorable that I give them 2 stars for that alone.  But because they are so uncomfortable, I'm sending them back.  First, the strap in front is not over the ball of the foot.  Instead, it is much farther forward.  So, my little toe is not only cramped, but the front-most edge of the strap cuts into the middle of my big toe and would rub it raw.  Lastly, I look for wedges for walking comfort, but these don't provide that either.  There is so little of the shoe that actually touches my foot (ball and heel only), that light actually comes through them between the shoe and my instep (no arch support whatsoever).  What a disappointment, as they are truly cute...This dress didn't look like as it does in the picture. But the fitting  was true to sizeQuality short for the price.I had a couple of close calls when I needed to use the restroom.  I just couldn't get the belt to loosen up!  I'm giving it to my husband.Need to return to largeThese shoes are VERY cute. I got the white pair. BUT: I got a sz 10 due to the fact they were out of my normal 9-9 1/2 heel size... and it is still a very tight fit. I would not have been able to put on a size 9. At all. Around the toes it is very tight, even on a long skinny foot like mine. And its kind of un sturdy. I would NOT recommend wearing this for a long amount of time. But they deff are cute and I'll wear them to a show or some thing easy.The hat was child, no infant size. It was completely useless to me. It was made of very thin material, but, the real complaint is that is was not an adult size hat.
I am completely unsatisfied with the product.
Glynn SmithVERY COMFYThis is a Christmas Gift for my friend, it is absolutely beautiful. I am going to buy one for myself.I bought this to work out in, but it doesn't provide the support I'd hoped for. I like the bra, but I will be using it only as a casual bra, or for low-intensity workouts. I certainly will not be running in it.these boots are cute, i got them in black, however they are too big for my calf.. they flop around.I've owned a variety of similar cut boxer briefs and generally enjoy them.  These briefs have a blend of cotton and synthetic that traps moisture and was uncomfortable in any type of heat.  Additionally, they have internal flaps marketed to keep things separated, but they didn't make any real difference in wearing them.

Overall, poor fabric choice and an over-hyped design.  Stick to traditional all cotton boxer briefs.Love the dress! However, it's made SUPER small. I wear a medium 95% of the time and I really needed an XL in this dress.Was very very low qualityShe looked awesome as a baby girl nurse just like her grandmother who is a nurse.I was so looking forward to receiving this suit. Totally excited when I tore open the package. Unfortunately there was a big gap in one of the front seams. I am so hoping that the exchange/return process is as easy as the ordering process. I gave it 3 stars as it came in a timely fashion and is truly beautiful, but sadly it was defective/broken :(Very nicePerfect to identify my luggage and keep the cruise lines paper tags protected.Bought this for Halloween to use as a splicer mask. Very cheap, flimsy plastic material used for the mask -- think Dollar Tree quality. It also fits large and lop-sided, so you have to keep adjusting it to see out properly. For the price, I definitely don't recommend that you get this mask. You can find something better elsewhere, guaranteed.This dress is nice. I ordered a large which fit perfectly. The material does look cheap and thin but its still a nice dress.Bottle opener catches on collar corners. This is a novelty more than usefulNice top.  Soft material.Material was decent qualityLolMy daughter was looking for these socks,  they are very popularthank youVery happy with the Lee Modern Series jeans. They arrived quickly and fit as other jeans I have purchased.Very pretty and girly. I'm giving it 4 stars because both sneakers had a little spot on the back.Purchased this in gold for myself and silver for my daughter. The charm is really lovely. The chain is very delicate and makes me nervous but she has not had a problem yet. The silver charm has a solid back. It's a quality pendant and looks great. Worth the price. I am happy with this purchase. Shipping was quick and came nicely boxed. Chain was not tangled.SOFT! I loved this item. I was so glad to give our newborn a super soft outfit. The only thing I didn't like too much was that you have to pull the entire outfit over their head and it fastens at the groin area. Not a big deal if your baby is well proportioned. Our baby had a good sized head so we were only able to wear this outfit for a short period of time. Get it in a larger size if you can, so you have more time to wear it. Comes with a super soft had and a plus toy that is washable. It's packaged in a very nice box and with a good presentation so if you're giving it as a gift it looks really pretty.My son wore these shoes for less then 2 weeks before the whole top of the shoe came un-sewed! Amazon was great with letting us return them and getting a refund. Otherwise we always love DC shoes! Just got a dud!These are really nice looking boots, and good quality, but there's no zipper for easy on and off and the laces take F-O-R-E-V-E-R to work. I ended up returning them because the laces are SO time consuming I'm sure I'd never wear them. I should mention I was trying to make the ribbon laces that come with these work; if you switched to the regular laces, they probably wouldn't be any more challenging than any other tall lace-up Docs.its beutifulWhen you wash this product the print will wash out.I bought this based off it being the same model number as my favorite, worn Maidenform bra. It isn't the same bra, so a bit disappointed. Also the 34 is tight, and leaves those unsightly back lumps....perhaps my not so new bras that are a 34" are simply stretched? Anyway, I won't be buying a bra sight unseen again.  It is well made and the underwire area is comfortable. Just not what I was expecting.to shortI was looking for an alternative to flip flops to wear out and I kind of accomplished my goal. The quality is okay, I really like the look of them, the only real problem is they are really big. I wear between an 8 and 8.5 and rarely a 9. I got these in an 8 and I went to try them on and they are really huge. Like I thought I had mistakenly ordered a men's size 8. But alas, these are women's sizes. Just take into consideration they might be bigger than you expect.You get what you pay for. I bought 3 of these and have had the 2nd hand break on one, the glass break on another and the strap break away from the watch on the 3rdGreat fitGreat boots! Comfortable, warm and dry!Looks like a crop top is too short.Cheap, thin material.  Shrunk after washed.My son got these for his 7th birthday gift and he loves them!
They have intense lighting system and doesn't stay on forever which is great!Definitely order a size up. Cute boots! The material will most likely not hold up but just hoping to get through the season. For the discounted price, it was well worth it.I brought this couple month ago haven't wear it yet the clip came broken.The  printing of BOYZ was on the wrong side of the pant leg. This is not a high quality product but I really did not expect it to be. However I did expect the printing to be on the correct side of pant as advertised.  I am not returning it because I can wear it around the house.The pendant is cute and sturdy
 But that damn chain is hideous. Im buying this for my little cousin for her birthday , hope she likes it .Description not clear enough. I read the reviews and purchased a size up and they were still too short and too small.my dark brown actually turned out to be a lot lighter than the picture. anyways, with the rave about rainbows here in california, i had to try it out. to be honest, they ARE overrated as the best sandals ever. they are comfortable & fashionable but nothing that makes them worth that $40 price tag. what i do love about them is that i was able to wear them to disneyland (and you KNOW how much walking that is) a week after getting them - no blisters but a horrible slipper tan!

i wear a size 7 in vans & got a size medium. i have wide feet yet they fit well. i tried on a size small and i could barely squeeze my foot into those glass slippers.Watch was returned. Website statedwatch was suitable for diving. Paperwork that came with watch said it was not suited for divingI have a pair of black the same model as these, expecting them to be the same, but these brown ones are not as supple as the black. Otherwise they are good shoes for Amazon's price.Item as described.  Easy to put on.  Not as comfortable as I would have thought but still ok for support.Really like, but just a little small.They're converse so you already know they run a bit narrow. I've improved the comfort level by using gel inserts. Overall it's a cute shoe for spring and summer.Poor quality, Not to size, Not like shown. Overall disappointment.This sari is very pretty, but extremely thin and shreds easily (very mediocre quality, I am sorry to say).  I use it for curtains, so it is ok, since they stay in the same place.  But to wear comfortably and safely, I am not sure it is substantial enough.  Does not offer good coverage and if you move a lot, it will probably rip.  Also, it is a bit stiff, not soft and silky.  Very pretty vibrant colors, however.ORDER ONE SIZE LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY WOULD!!!https://www.amazon.com/dp/B011S4222K/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_7<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Jessica-Simpson-Women-s-Darbey-Chelsea-Boot-Slater-Taupe-9-M-US/dp/B011S4222K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Jessica Simpson Women's Darbey Chelsea Boot, Slater Taupe, 9 M US</a>It's too smal.
I ordered size 10 and it looks like size 8.This earring are so small that should say for kids not adults misled consumerDo not like the color. Would like to have been able to return or exchange for another color.:(This shirt had pulls in it before I even opened the bag. It is not the pretty baby pink from the picture, it is closer to a "Pepto" pink. It is also cut very narrow, but long. Sent it back right away. Very disappointed. So glad I don't have to pay to ship it back.My coral and jade pin looks beautiful and has good quality workmanship.  The only shortcoming I could see is that the clasp could have been better constructed.  It's a little stiff.  I like my pin because of the graceful design, pretty pink coral carved flowers and dainty size.  At about 2 inches long, this is not an overpowering pin.  I thought that it was a good value for a costume jewelry item.Easy to wear, comfortable and super cute!These seem inferior in quality to others I have had.  The quality is far below the Merrill zip boots (which are not available any more).  These Propet boots were the more expensive, yet aren't even close to what I expected in sole quality, upper quality, and insulation.  Furthermore, the zipper on the left one will not stay up.  I would NEVER EVER buy this brand again, as well as NEVER recommend them to anyone, including my worst enemy.  A real waste of money!!Normal bandannas. I wasn't expecting anything unusual.These shoes do run small as the other reviewer stated. I took her advice & ordered a 38/8 instead of a 37/7.  And I am glad I did,
because the 38 fit exactly w/o room to spare. However, the leather uppers are soft, and in time they should stretch a little, allowing
for some wiggle room.  Bottom line, order at least one size bigger.Very nice!I like the shoe but they rub blisters on the back of my heel... It is really hard to wear these. I tried wearing bandaids but they rub off so this purchase was a total waste of money for me.Absolutely Beautiful!

This is a beautiful necklace at a wonderful price.Not as good quality as they promise. I used mine and in a day, one stone fell off. I had to return it.To expensive for what it isRidiculously loose, too long by at least 3 inchesI love the fit and they look really nice. I haven't used them yet in the water I hope they work as expected in the pool.I was nervous about buying a corset online for fit issues. I followed the guide for measuring and was confident I had purchased the right size. When I received the corset, I had a friend help me lace it and fit properly and it fit incredible!!! The uniqueness of the color and even the hook closures make this a favorite of mine. The hook closures are a bit tricky at first but that's only because there's no slack to grab onto. I wore this for a photoshoot and the photographer had never seen a corset like this before and was enchanted with the color and design... Which suited the purpose of the shoot perfectly.Nice jeans, heavier weight fabric.  Cut makes bums look very nice...pockets placed in the right place not half way down between cheek and leg.The shoes are very flat and my son is constantly tripping in them for some reason. He doesn't even want to wear them. We will stick with his Nikes. Very disappointed.These were great but the back didn't stay in well at all lost one earring after three wearsit's cute but somewhat small.  also, the dye from the hearts seems to have bled into some of the "off white" parts of the top.  I actually think it looks kind of cool, but I think its an accident.Beautiful boots, absolutely love them. HOWEVER, within a week, this happened(look at pic) as I was using the tab in the back to pull them over my foot; it happened to both boots. Word of advice, DON'T USE THE TAB TO PULL THEM ON! Amazon was kind enough to accept a return on the broken ones, and when I ordered a new pair, they gave me free one day shipping and promptly gave me a refund. GO AMAZON!!! In short, great boots, just be careful with them so they stay in shape. I guess one can say the quality is a little lacking. Oh, and they are made in MEXICO...so take from that what you will.

The boots will definitely get you attention, and they are quite comfortable, at least to me. The heel is somewhat high, but I'm not very tall so I don't mind the little lift. Will take some time to break into. I would say with these you should tuck your pants in or it'll look a little goofy, and pointless...why buy high(er) combat boots if you can't show them off? In any case, I'm very happy with how these look and feel...I'll update later if I can on how they hold up to the climate here in one of the middle Atlantic states.I am very pleased with the luggage. I brought it as a gift for someone. Hopefully they enjoy the luggage.Beautiful purse.  I've used it twice and received multiple compliments each time.  Money clip is a nice bonus!Very comfortable, quick in transition.Wonderful little dress.The watch seems very nice, not usual looking and well manufactured... BUT, should leather strap tear apart after three weeks of wear? :)

UPDATE 2018-02-21: Just received an immediate refund from Shark, thanks great service :)I was under the impression that there would be two, like in the picture. No, only one, and not as impressive to what he is doing.Really sweet shirt at a great price! Fits really nice too. Soft and a strong black color. The logo looks high quality too.Super cute but after a month of gentle use already ripping by the seam. Also just like everyone is reporting its not even the same bag shown! DONT BUYGiven my life long experience with NB, a tad small. Had to put the stretcher on them.I was a bit too large.Wish there was a better option, they're okay, but hard to get to stick fully without making a jig that clamps the entire unit to the boot.very cheap material and doesn't look good at all, I returned itI was disappointed by these sandals.  While they are really cute, they just didn't fit my feet well.  The arches didn't hit right and the width was a bit tight.  I had ordered two pairs in different colors, but they both had to be returned.Makes my girlfriends butt look NoiceNot what I expected  cheaply made. Arrived in an envelope therefore it flattened and wrinkledGreat hatfor my niece who refuses to get her ears pierced but wants to wear earrings, very delicate and feminine, really pretty.The look small at first before putting them on, but they fit exactly how they are supposed to and they don't slip down.  They are a good price as well. I would recommend these to anyone.I am very happy with the product, exactly as described and fits great.  My one suggestion would be to wash this separately the first couple of times because it does tend to bleed a lot the first couple of times you wash them.I've always owned a pair of Jack Rogers.  I got this pair and the gold both in 9.5.  For some reason the 9.5 in the silver is tight.  I hope they will loosen up.  Gold in 9.5 fit fine.  Hmmmm.Comfortable, yet stylish,  shoes that can be worn for work or casual wear.It's a little short for a maternity shirt once your belly gets to about 20 weeks or so with twins.Love the design but fits too small - disappointed! Order a larger size.Big letters across butt ruin costume possibilities . How do u get them off!?!???It's like a date you met online. In the pictures you see potential... but you soon come to realize there was some photoshop involved in the creation of this fantasy.

The product didn't work out with small plugs (totally my fault for not reading this.)
Also, smaller ears may have issues with making this thing work. I can say that when it does work, it looks pretty awesome.Received the wrong length but decided to keep it, wasn't a deal breaker. Then after a day a wearing them I noticed the zipper has 3 notches missing but i had a already worn them so i guess i cant return them.These are the most adorable socks but they ran much smaller than stated size. I was very disappointed that my nephew that is 4 months can not wear them much longer, they are so tight.It was niceI really like this shirt but It does seem to run a little small. I ordered a medium and it fits but just a heads up it does run smallNice shirt, fits pretty well.  I would totally suggest to buy this item, sizing seems accurate.  I am a tall guy, so I brought the largest size and it worked perfectly.These laces were bought to replace the original dress shoe laces that came with my shoes. They are a few inches longer than the originals, but I just make my loops extra long to compensate for the extra length. They work, and they're cheap. I would recommend.The ring is crooked!! It sits at an angle on your finger because of how it is designed. Does not fit well at all!My son looks so good on them.  Lots of compliments from other people.  He enjoys wearing them running around, he definately feels comfortable, as he runs around a lot wearing them.  Worth the purchase!!Most uncomfortable. They are pretty and I wanted to like them, but they felt like they had not been finished on the inside. All sorts of seams and things rubbed my foot.I bought this hat a couple of days before going to the beach because I read the reviews on amazon, and most of them said how wonderfully surprised they were that the hat fit them because of their big head. The hat came the day before we left for beach, and didn't fit - too small! Bummer.Not good for wide feetMaybe my feet have grown or the shape of the clog is less forgiving, but I can barely get my smaller foot in the shoe. Like the pattern and quality. Will have to stretch them little by little to wear for any length of time.Great quality shoe.  Fit as expected.  I love them and would definitely buy again.The 1" strips definitely hold better than the 1/2" but are often too wide.  These strips hold better than other strips. I recommend them.size not listed correctly, much too small. had to returnToo largeThis is a good product for the price and they hold up good because I still wear and use them!Was looking for a necklace to match some earrings I had and saw this one.  It is a nice length and has small silver beading.  Not overly big beads, more on the petite size.These boots were so soft and cushy on the inside and out, I would've loved these boots but they hit me at an odd spot on my heels so they weren't as comfortable as id hoped. They felt like they were slipping off but the size was just right. I really wanted to love these boots but i had to send them back because i'm not keeping boots that cost $119.00 and are just okay.Only lasted 2 months before they started falling apart until then they were comfortable and gave me the support I needed.This product worked great for the first week or so.  Then it loosened until finally it wouldn't hold my glasses at all.  I had to stop using it or take a chance of losing my glasses.  Don't buy it.  It doesn't work.They are a bit snug but they are very warm and cozy. That is why I say they can't be worn very long indoors. If you are going to be outside in the cold for a stretch of time, you will not have cold feet.Nice pair of shoes. Everyone likes the tread and it gives it a good feel.Too small and totally of no useGood quality and craftsmanship. Be careful knowing the size of what you are ordering. Especially medals. The medal came in under 15/16 which was noted in their description, and measured only 13/16 which is about the size of a US. Nickel. Dainty perhaps for a woman, but hard to pull off for a man.The price was good for me. They are so light and I like that very much. I would prefer more arch support.I actually love these but only gave them 3 stars because they launder terribly.  DO NOT WASH IN THE WASHING MACHINE!!  The lace tangled and gnarled terribly!  Recommend Hand washing or a super gentle cycle.Nice ring for the price!These shorts are very comfortable and just the right length. I really like the difference in the type of pink color they are. Very feminine and cute.Great looking scrubs but way to small. I'm usually a small in scrubs and these were like an extra small.This is the second time I have order this! And it still doesn't!  I don't understand how the blue does and the red does not!!!I bought these for my wife and damn does she look sexy in them.  They are exactly as they look in the picture and seem to fit well.  My wife is shorter, so they do bunch up a little, but otherwise they fit fine.  The only complaint I have, and the only reason I didn't give them five stars, is that the top of the stockings isn't great.  It looks almost like a homemade elastic cuff with ripples - it's not a flat, clean line.  It's not what you would expect from something made out of spandex, but may have been needed to keep them from falling down.  With that said, we haven't had problems with them falling down, but it could have been done more tastefully.  Otherwise, very reasonably priced and very happy with the purchase.This was such a disappointment!! I opened  the shirt only to find that the characters on the shirt were completely faded and dark!! It looks like it has been washed 100 times already and the family looked like a faded black blob! NOT WHAT IS SHOWN AT ALL!!  Not a happy customerYou get what you pay for. I just needed it to put over a swimsuit and wanted something that travels easy. Very thin material and not high quality but works for what I need it for.These shoes seem somewhat tight but they need to be broken in, which will stretch the width. I've been wearing AsIcs 2150 for years and love them but they are much more expensive so I switched to this style. I need additional arch support in all shoes so I will add it to these.Diamonds are way smaller then we expected. Took forever for them to ship it. Not sure it was really worth $400 but it was the only ring we could find that was like my wedding ring set I lost. The diamonds look good though, arrived in good shape.Back it goes.  The padding in this new 'Boot' was not as comfortable as the one i believe they are trying to replace.  And - it did not have the warm cozy feel to it that the previous model had.  Ran large i thought as well.

Bring back the leather version with the nice cozy feel!Very soft and comfortable!Too big and bulky.  Would not order again. I have smal wrists and this is just too bulky for me.I bought this pair as a working jean. Thie is a dress jean. The fabric is very smooth but soft. Dont think it would be a good buy for working out in the yard but they feel very good and look good too.Thin material
But good for priceGood pair of PJ's.the plastic in side striped out first use!!!!The fit is nice, I love the pocket on the side, but there was a small hole on one of the legs.  Other than the hole in the leg, I would have purchased two more...  I still may.This is a plain black hat, good price, keeps the ears warm, and had no flaws we could see.  Overall, good price and nice hat.  No complaints.I'd suggest buying at least two sizes larger than what you'd need. They run really, really small - both in length and waist.The fabric is thin, it is shorter than expected, and it is a little on the small side. However, I wasn't expecting a top quality shirt for the price! I just wear an under shirt with it (as I do most tops anyway) and it's fine!I don't wear them often because the lower band catches by little toe. Ouch!The watch it's beautiful and I loved it, the only issue here is that it came without a battery so I don't know if it works,or not. Waiting of someone to take me to some place and have someone to place a battery. Sorry I couldn't give it a five stars,Excellent product
Same as the photoThey ok..for a long day on your feet. I bought these boots in grey suede to wear with tights and jeans. Just enough heel for support, but low enough for hours of wear. They have a vintage look and seem to be well made. The toe is enlongated which I found modern and flattering. True to size.Kinda funky bunchie on bottom of top but very cute and different. Would recommend.very unconfortable when you want only neck, in helmet tooIt's  ok .not for winter big enoughOrdered a sz 6.5 and it fits like a sz 6. Couldn't stretch to fit. Re-sold the shoes. Too bad, they were really cuteThe person on the phone told me to buy  size 9 (because I'm a 81/2) and the 9 was swimming on me! So this time I bought a size 8, & I can't wear these either ! I haven't returned either pair because I have no way to get to post office. I have Leukemia and not well.
If you are a 1/2 size person, don't buy
Crocs !!!Works good, after six months the timer hand settled at 3 seconds. Not a deal breaker. Fogged up in the shower.There is no said handle which makes it harder to load into a vehicle.Bought one of these in November 2013. It was good for about 6 months or so. I stitching failed on me.

DO NOT put over-sided ID cards into the ID slot. The stitching on this thing is only able to handle normal sized cards. Doesn't handle stretching very well.people love the watchToo tightToo small. Buy a size biggerSuper cute shirt, but runs 5 sizes too large.  If the neck wasn't thd style that it is, it wouldn't  have been an issue.  Ended up forcefully shrinking it.This dress is sexy, the description of the material should state sweater dress. i wish it was made ferom another kind of materialLove my new B.O.C. clogs!!!
I have been wearing Dansko clogs for over 40 years, but the soles of the last few pairs all cracked with very little wear on them.
My first pair of Danskos lasted 18 years, but that was back when they had wooden soles and were manufactured in Europe.
I thought I would try some different brands, but the others are going back.
I love these black B.O.C. Karley clogs, and I'm going to order another pair in brown.
Great fit and very comfortable!The boots look good with tights or skinny jeans. They could have a little more insole cushioning but are comfortable.Basic, no-frills shoes. They are very lightweight. Flimsy. You can't put them on without a shoe horn or untying them because the back of the shoe  area collapses, unlike sturdier shoes you can slip on and off without untying. Arch support is non-existent so you'll likely need some superfeet insoles to get any long term walking ability from them.

Great price though!It's larger than anticipatedHigh quality leather. Prefect briefcase for a woman. Not ugly and bulky. Is slightly small there anticipated. Air book fits snuggly.This shoe flops off as I walk even though it is the right size.  It seems as though the back is not made high enough.Kids love them but the ears don't stay oni like it but the color is not beautifulThis is not authentic. Cheaply made knockoffI got the wrong sizeI loved the shirt and design my only complaint is that you guys would make the design bigger depending on the size of the shirt becuase i got a large but on the sides there is a lot of room left but i loved itDissapointed because it came in the wrong colorI guess the shoes are fine. We have a foot measuring device which indicated she should wear a 3.5 but that was too small in Striderite. We downloaded the Striderite sizing template which shows she should wear a 5.5.A little bigger than expectedEven my size two teenage daughter couldn't wear it.The bag itself is about what I expected for the money. Not great, but not bad.  However the comfort pad that goes on the shoulder strap is poorly sewn.  The stitching on both sides of it have failed, so I've had to repair it twice, which is not a huge deal (you can take it off and sew it on a machine easily enough), but I wouldn't expect to need to repair it given it was so new.  I can take a picture of the problem part if anybody wants to know what I'm talking about.ok fitIt is very pretty. However, it was shipped in a bubble envelope. And then sent through the regular mail. The full size envelope 9 x 11 (was stuffed inside my regular  small mail box, which is approximately 5"x6"x11". With other mail...  it didn't leave much room for that package. Now... for the end results.... I couldn't believe they packed something so fragile in an envelope. It was however in fairly decent condition. The problem that I am having with it is that it's so flattened out that I can't make it poof out as I would like. But it could be worse. It is as pretty as the picture. The bow is in good shape, except in one spot on the top part of the bow wants the fold under. I have to keep straightening it out, not much problem there really. The lacy ruffles could be a bit longer, as it sticks straight out instead of laying down over the bun. So in my opinion the ruffles should either be longer or shorter. It just lays funny.
* Given the opportunity... I will update with pictures later.
* 5 Stars... Since it is still very pretty, the barret is still in tact, I will wear it sometimes.. just wouldn't wear it to a special occasion such as a wedding because of the way it lays., good clasp, premium materials were used and aside from the above comments, it seems well crafted.
* I deducted one  for the issues described above. Overall I am pleased with my purchase and will buy again in the future!1/2 size bigger and not great on style and color. Return.Love theseThese socks are great, using them for the 3 Day, 60 mile Breast Cancer walk, they really live up to their reputation and at a great price!What can I say .....camo and roses in a tough well built ring that makes my wife smile whenever she gets asked about it! Fit and finish are A++ and the size was dead on.

A distinct gift for spouse or any woman who is a bit of roses and camo!!The cup size is way too little for us busty chicks. Mine just came today and I am sending it straight back. I will try to find another bra with this kind of versatility but made for the well endowed set of tata's.Super!Cheap fabric. Not as full as pictured. Pretty put straight up and downGave to Goodwill.  total waste of moneyEXCELLENT SHIRT THE FACE ON THE SHIRT JUMPS OUT AT YOU WITH IT'S SNARLING TEETHToo bad that they don't fitmy friend likes it very muchIt's a beautiful necklace. The one I bought was a bit tight around the neck, but that was my fault. However, one day when I was going to put it on, all of pieces just exploded in every direction for no reason. I plan to buy another one in the near future.The shoe fits as expected.  The color and material look exactly as depicted on-line.  I received the shoes on 1/4/2018, and the back heal of the right shoe broke, the sole of the shoe is coming unglued after only wearing a few times.  I work in an office so I sit most of the day.  They are very poorly manufactured.I liked it but it can't handle normal backpack needs. Mine broke within 1 week of me having it. It seems like its made for looks and very cheaplyIt's a lovely ring but I am disappointed that as soon as I started wearing it the rose gold color immediately faded to gold. It doesn't look bad it just doesn't look like what I ordered anymoreJust what I wanted for my Pandora bracelet to represent the profession that I work in. Nice quality!I bought a half size bigger, just in case they ran small.  So I have sandals now that are a half size too big but its not a big deal, they are still awesome.To smallThis is great product for the price. It fits well and very comfortable to wear. Plus, it doesn't look cheaply made. Received lots of compliments wearing it. I wanted to buy other colors of it but I think sizing kinda differs on other colors, I bought another one in peach color and the fit was not as great as the purple one so I had to return it which is a bummer coz I really like the color too.Cute costume. Typical qualityAdorableThe idea and picture looks great but the actual product does not.  I'm a size 3/4 female, so size wise these Asian brands is a hit and miss.  Sometimes they fit me other times they don't. In this case, they don't fit.  But I would have altered them if the material and look didn't come off so cheap.  I think even if it fits well it wouldn't look good, it's a thin and flimsy material.They're OK.It runs very small. Nice material.This is a really nice looking wallet, but there is one really big problem. Credit cards, IDs etc. slip out of the top of it ALL the time. No matter how many or few cards I put in it, they slip out into my bag or onto the floor. This doesn't just happen when the wallet is upside down with the slots facing the ground. It happens even when the slots are sideways, which is how they are designed to face when the wallet is closed and upright. I have lost cards all together and had to crawl around on an airplane and in more than one store to hunt for cards that have fallen under seats and counters. On a good day I just find cards all over the bottom of my bag. Sorry Hobo, you didn't do so well on this one.they run too small for USAReally cute but you'd have to have Barbie legs to zip them. I'm muscular and no way could I zip them. I sadly sent them back.It doesn't look like the picture. Looks really cheap.This bra fit well and was very comfortable. Unfortunately, it wasn't very durable and the underwire came out after the second time washing it.I like these boots however there is no comfortable sole there is nothing that when you put these on you go ahhhh.I generally wear a size 9 with some room, but these were over 1 inch longer.  They didn't look like they had very good arch support, but only tried them on and sent them back.Did not like these and the leather was not soft and it hurt my feet immediately.  Returned themIt squeaks a lot,, everyone in the office knows when I'm coming.These fit fine and are fairly well made but the fabric is a bit on the thin side, and for that reason I probably won't be wearing them.Most Horrible piece of lingerie ever, I am almost 0 size and it didn't fit me, so complicated to wear too. It took me and my partner almost 30 minutes to figure out how to wear it and eventually didn't fit !!! don't buy it won't fit you anywayThe choker is beautiful and comfortable.  Thank you!!Lady likes it alot, very daintyI bought this as a gift- 1 for my niece and 1 for my friend.  When I first got it I thought the material looked a little cheap but the recipients loved and dressed their daughters in them for special occasions so I guess it was better than I thought!Husband got a kick out of it.These shoes are big for a 7. I have wide feet and theses shoes are ok on the width, the length however, is to long. My foot slips out . Other then that they are nice. Seems like they would be comfortable. O well, to bad I can't wear themA LITTLE TOO BIGOkay shirtI normally wear Panache's Tango II bra in a 42 J but I decided to give this bra a chance because it is cute. I read the reviews saying the band ran small so I ordered one size up and got a 44 J. The band is still tighter than my Tango bras- the cups also run small.
I like the way the cups are shaped, so I will just add an extender and hope the band stretches some- although the material doesn't seem like it will stretch much.It is not bad.They are cute and fit, but the zipper on one of the boots broke immediately. I haven't even put the other one on, just returning them. I want the boots but don't want the zipper to break again The toe is a bit narrower than I thought but I believe that the shoe will expand more once it is broken in.I like the shirt but does not lie as expected.I am furious, these onesies used to come in a nice plastic sleeve, now they package them so cheaply that they actually glue one of the onesies onto cardboard and there is no way to get the glue off.  So frustrating!!!!!I had to alter it. The bottom fit great while the top was way too big and not at all sewn in a way anyone could wear it. I removed the straps bc truly the were just thrown on there. I mean they were so far apart I was wondering if they were hanger ties. And it would have been nice if the seams had matched up. But again, it was only a few bucks. But on the flip side, the dress came like 10 days earlier than expected.I was shipped a little girls' outfit. The jeans are boot cut fit and not as ripped as the ones pictured and the shirt is a female cut too. The price tag on the shirt is a flower and the inside tag is hot pink.I have bought many ratchet belts, including dockers-click-to-fit, Mission belt, slide belt, EZ-belt (now rebranded  vinciniobelt) and this one.  It looks nice, and ratchets fine, but the buckle is very bulky and heavy.  For those of you who wear these and don't have a flat stomach, you'll know that a heavy buckle tilts downward, and doesnt look great.  For anyone else who prefers a lighter buckle, I'd recommend mission belt or the Manhattan/classic style of the EZbelt / Vinciniobelt that looks like a regular belt.not as advertised; too small, way too smallThe hoodie was really nice however it was much larger than expected it's for Christmas so I hope it does betterI purchased this item size 5 for my 17 months old daughter. When I received it, I was so disappointed. I do not why it was too small. Usually she wears size 5, that's why I ordered size 5, but it did not fit well. I returned it.This is easily a D, not a B!I have two other designs (Walkstar 3 and Fleur) all ordered in size 7 M US but this pair is by far the smallest. The sole is narrower and shorter. Walkstar 3 has the best fit. I wonder why the size is different for the same brand.At first I loved these boots. They fit my 17 in calves well and were comfortable to walk in, but within a month the leather around the foot and ankle started to stretch. They're still pretty comfortable but feel floppy in my foot. I'm also finding myself choosing not to wear them because they just don't look very good anymore. Such a bummer.Very cute costume accessory/prop. Love the Toto! The basked wasn't put together the best, but it is workable.These are really comfortable and fit well. I currently just wear them around the house since they are a bit more lightweight than the winter running gear I own, but I do plan to wear them to jog in the summer. I would have given a perfect 5 stars, but it is sort of surprising to me that Spalding did not include a discreet hidden pocket anywhere in the pants.Very small for size 31My son loves Tsukihoshi sneakers.  Now he refuses to wear other brand sneakers.Excellent!Theirs no support unless you wear them way up on your belly erkle styleI ordered a 9.5, my normal size, and they were about 1/2 size too big. I returned them for the size 9. Still a bit loose, but 8.5 would have been too small. Once I break them in I'm sure they'll be all day wearable. Very cute and comfy.I have wide feet.  I have tried on many pairs of Crocs, but none fit me until I found these  at a Bass Pro Shops store.  They, of course, charge way too much ($50). They are plenty wide and stylish to boot.They work as expected.It was toddler size, not boys. Way too small.Description says women's watch, but it is a men's watch. It's darker than the picture, but very nice!Material felt flimsy, leg opening not modesty-style and sewn in cups irritating.I've had dingo boots; these are the most uncomfortable boots I've ever put on my feet. Very disappointed.The ECCO shoe was well-made but the size ran too large for me. This was most disappointing.The second watch don't work, I'm desaponinted with this. I bring these to Brazil and unfortunately I notocided that just I'm arrived here.So very disappointed in this.  The finish has completely worn off and it looks like dirty copper now.  It was a gift for someone special and now I am sorry I gave it to them.These look cheap in person. The leather is shiny, which I didn't think would be from the picture. I wore them for a few hours at a dance.I wasn't happy I had trouble returning it but they did keep in touch like they should but I returned itLove the look but the heel started seperating from the shoe after few months. This is really frustrating because otherwise the shoe looks great.I'm disappointed that the charm is not as shown in the picture. The fleur dis Le is upside down.I bought this to fix my husband's watches, apparently this tool can not be used for men's watches with wide bands.seems good around the house will see how it performs in the fieldThese are very cute flip flops and very comfortable to walk on but the straps at the tops rub the top of my foot raw.  It's like straps are in a different spot than my other Sanuk flip flops.  Therefore I either have to wear a band aid when I wear these or I can't wear them at all.It's hard to believe this is leather. It feels like hard, cheap plastic that will crack with little use. I do not recommend this product.Material is very smooth and nice quality. However the infinity is a lot smaller than I expected and slightly uneven as well. The left loop is bigger than the right loop! Not as smooth as I would like but I guess I can't complain for the price!I have about 100 miles on these shoes now, running roads and sidewalks at about 18 miles per week. They are reasonably light, comfortable, seem to be holding up well and I have had no problems with my feet or legs. That's pretty much what I ask of a running shoe.These are decent and they don't fall out of my ears when I sleep or wash my hair. They are a bit thinner than I had expected, but that doesn't take away from them being good plugs.Beautiful shoes and comfortable for such a high heel.Arrived on time and is so beautiful. A little bigger face than I expected but it's lovelygreat!  ease to use and looks greatLoses shape very easliy. Then looks terrible. I would never buy it again.They are nice. There is a funky smell but I think that's from the dye or something. I put them on.... just a little tight in between the legs.....I guess they don't fit thick thighs. I gave them to my daughter who really likes them.worked fine, a bit tight in arms and stomach.Nice thick leather, good quality overall. But I couldn't even get my foot into what was my usual sandal size.Super cute, but I would recommend going up a size! They were really snug on my feet.Belt is thin & supple which I like. It probably will not last too long because it is soft and thin and I keep a tape measure clipped to it but it is perfect for what I like in feel and look. When it wears out, I'll buy another one providing it's still available. Plus the dark gray is hard to find & works well with light or dark gray pants or black pants, either slacks or jeans.Smaller fit than same size JustinThese are good shoes to wear while doing yard work. I knew they would be because I read the reviews. It's summer so I won't wear to town but will in the winter when I'm wearing long pants. They are very comfortable and seem well made. I would buy again. Thinking about getting my husband a pair to wear while mowing. :-)Purchased for my husband but the length was way to short. Sent them back.This bra really holds you in well...especially when you wear it without straps.  I love that I can configure the straps to any outfit I want to wear.  The sides are a bit pinchy now and then, but overall this is definitely a great bra!  I would recommend it to anyone.This sweatshirt is a bit cheaply made. Made in China. Sleeves are a bit short (in 5'7" female). It it's not screen printed. Just cheaply printed and it fades fast ( the printing). I would not buy it again.180cm 60kgNice bracelet but can't give final comments till after Christmas, it is a presentVery comfortable.Love the look of the hat but it's a bit too big. I ordered a med/large and it was actually a one size fits all hat.Lovely shoes! Fabulous price. I feel like Cinderella in these shoes! Comfortable, easy to walk and dance in. Beautiful packaging also. They fit so well. I highly recommend Bordello Shoes!!!Fits perfect! Super soft material...lightly padded...can't wait to wear it this summer!I like them but for the money I paid for them im beginning to wonder if they are a knock off because they are somewhat small...:( so Im just going to buyGreat shirt! I received a lot of comments when I wore it on my birthday. Great color.Great shoes! Super comfortable!These cubes are great. I bought this set to compliment the set with 4 different sized bags. The medium size comes in handy for shirts, shorts, skirts and the like. It also works well for separating a single day's clothes in case you have an overnight before a trip. Good qualityI would buy a 1/2 size bigger. the shoes are beautiful thoughI had another pair just like them for over 20 years and they can still be worn for dirty work as they aren't very good looking but stil very functional.There is a rubbery lining at the top of the shoe, and that rubs against the top/back of my heel when I walk.  I don't wear this pair too often, only for short periods of time.  It's a cute shoe, but it's probably for the 50+ age range, not someone in her 30s (though I was looking for a comfortable walking shoe and there aren't many options out there!).  Padding is REALLY comfortable though at the bottom of the shoe.The fit pretty good .. I've only worn one pairpretty but too smallBy the reviews, I thought the skirt would be small. But it fit perfectly in me. A bit long, but I am 5'1. It's definitely not as long as other skirts around. I was not cleaning the floor with it just by wearing it a bit higher. It's super comfy and beautiful. I give it four stars because it tore around the elastic the first hour wearing it.These ran very small on me. I wear a consistent size shoe and when I  put my foot in these, it was definitely cramped and too tight. There was no way I could hike with my foot that stuffed in a shoe. The shoe was also very stiff. I know hiking shoes tend to be stiff for support, but these are too stiff for my taste. After doing some shopping at a local boot store, I came to find out that $80-$90 hiking boots just are stiff. If you really want comfort, expect to spend $120+. So, for $80 hiking boots they are okay, but I'd have to order up a 1/2 size or so (which they didn't have in stock anyway).This not a leather bag.  It is P/U Leather.  I wish should say that the the main description,"Vintage P/U Leather Mini Cross Body."  If I had known the bag wasn't genuine leather, I would not have added it to my Wish List.  I am returning the bag.Love them, wear them in the evenings with a lounge gown, feel like a rich bitch.. LolThis new model fortis 2 is not like the original the back heel fabric has no give and cut my heel and ankle bones on a runNo arch supportThis description is going to sound really weird, can't believe I'm writing a review on this...  These sort of made my pancake booty flap over the edge of the openings.  It may have made me look a little bigger as it wider since they flapped over the edge and out tot he sides but not much.  I'm not sure if purchasing a smaller size would help?  I would say if you are shaped more flat like pancakes with little muscle tone to hold you up it's not going to make a huge difference, you would have to be flat with booty for this to work well but it may make some difference.  They were okay to try as an experiment, I don't see myself wearing these often, they just didn't make enough of a difference in my case.Love the size and being able to see the time without my glasses but it doesn't work.  It keeps stopping.  I took it to the jewelers to change battery, thinking it might just be a faulty battery, but it stopped again.  Too late to return and I can't use it.Great price and fast delivery
My favorite jeans. They fit perfectThis shirt runs soooo small! Other than that it's great! I used it to make a Charlie Brown costume for my son for Halloween and he won a costume contest!It's much bigger than I expected.  I purchased it for work and it's what I was looking for.

Revised 2018-03-03:
Loved the bag but the strap frayed like another reviewer said. The bag did not last long.These shoes just make my feet look very big and fat and idk its just not something I think looks so good on me  from looking straight in the mirror while wearing these it just makes my feet look really wide .The gem in this charm is absolutely attractive to the eye.  I love it.  It definitely adds color to a Pandora, or a Pandora-like bracelet.  It is definitely fun.  Unfortunately, you have to keep a close eyes on it and clean it (the silver art) constantly so it stays intact.  It is worth the price if you keep it clean.They weren't wide enough .. I thought at first that I had received regular width .. I liked soft layer at bottomIt's okay.  Unremarkable but worth what I paid for it.They hurt my feet. No arch support. Memory foam is a joke. I don't like them.  I bought another pair of Skechers, the slip on kind that feel like I'm walking on air, so I thought I'd give these a try, they are just not comfortable to me at all. Maybe they need broken in, I don't know. I'm going to keep trying to wear them but so far after 3 days I just can't wait to get them off my feet at the end of the day!Delivered in yellow envelope crashed and completely deformed sizing is very poor and I don't think it will ever look good after that delivery, looks nothing like shiny pictures you see wow Im disappointed big time!!!love itvery cute could used a better chain for this pendant, does sparker in the light.Showed up with the metal star detached. I had to super-glue it back on. Not great quality.These are the best No show socks I've ever purchased they hold shape after multiple washes.I ordered a size 6 because that generally what I wear... I received them in the mail and is case eager to try them on and they were WAY too small. I would personally suggest go up a size!!! I'm trying to return them now to get a bigger size and the website isn't wanting to cooperate. I'll update once I've received a bigger size.I'm not someone who can order shoes online.  I need to try them on first.
I tried these because they looked good, but they didn't suit me.These shoes are very comfortable. They quickly became my favorite everyday shoes.These guys always do a great job and they're very prompt.Seller: 5 Stars
Product Quality: 2 Stars

Great stamping, but the shirt itself is not good, the neck is weird.Cheaper made then expected but my Neice will still love it. I am pleased.Just what you'd expect, warm, ichy, and very constraining.HorribleWhen they say 'large' they really mean it lol. They should really title this item 'GIANT CROSS'

Overall, it's good quality...just intensily big.I found the shoe to be very comfortable and great for walking. The problem is the mesh on the shoes, it is very lightly woven so holes form easily. I have had the shoes for two months and I already have a hole in one shoe over my big toe!They were a little big but I love them and it was okay for me. Amazon is amazing.  I wouldn't trade them in for nothing.Not happy with this purse around the back zipper the material is peeling off.The buckle doesnt stick out but it is very cheaply made. The wider belt is still too bulky. Ill only use the thinner one but Im not happy with it. Dont buy.My daughter liked it and she was so xcited to get it .Not that thet are too small really, they pull in weird spots.My son loves Sonic and he loves this shirt!!For some reason the straps are stretched out. Size 8 typically fits perfectly.I bought two pairs of these summer socks for cycling they are a great  length lightweight and perfect for riding in the summer monthsBought these for my boyfriend and he loves them! I took the advice of the reviewers and bought a size up, and they fit perfectly. The hard sole is good if you need to go outside quickly (note: we live in SC so it's not super cold). I think that he's worn them anytime he's home! Also they are cute shoes!Dead battery when it arrived so I can't wear it until I go to a jeweler.This came with two HUGE holes (the part where the velvet and the lace connect). Luckily because I was at the tailor's when I took it out of the package/tried it on, I could have it altered (and repaired!) ASAP. I would recommend getting this ahead of time just in case because I can see this being a common issue.

I normally wear an S, and the M fits me skin tight - which is fine since it's a darker material. The lace portion does NOT stretch. I'm 5' 2"/125lbs athletic build/some shoulders going on so you might have a little more wiggle room.

Also this dress is on a TON of sites, however since I'm a procrastinator who heavily relies on Amazon Prime I bought it off here for the sake of reliability and timeliness.

3 stars because it is pretty flattering and I'm excited to wear it once I get it back!ExcellentUPDATE: They were comfortable. They were stylish. The are waterproof. But they didn't last 2 months before they started falling apart. The boots started coming apart on the sides of the toe area. The Montanos shoestring guides popped out. . one by one. So much for these.
Cheap materials and poor manufacturing. Disappointed.I've gone through many basketball shoes over the years.  I always bought regular 10.5 or 11 sized basketball shoes, and my pinky toes would eventually burst the side of the shoe open.  It didn't matter what brand, Adidas, Nike, Reebok.  None of the biggest names in Basketball shoes make an option for wide feet.  Frankly, I don't understand why they don't.  Surely NBA players, being significantly taller than the average population, must have wide feet.  I daresay wide feet are the standard in the NBA.  I digress.

I bought these shoes as they seemed to be the best value for a wide fit basketball shoe.  I bought it in a 10.5 2E.  Immediately, I had regretted all the years of playing basketball in a regular width shoe.  They fit nicely, there was actually enough room for my pinky toes, in both shoes!  The shoe itself is heavier than most other basketball shoes I've worn.  That's fine, I'm not so young anymore that I *must have* the newest, lightest, bestest shoe available.  I just want one that is comfortable and will last a while.

As for durability, I bought these shoes in August.  It's March 8th now, and I decided to write a review because I'm about to purchase another pair.  I play basketball a lot, either shooting by myself, playing games of 21, or pickup games.  But I am playing 3-5 times per week, for 30-90 minutes each time.  So these shoes have seen a lot of use.  They aren't completely ready to be replaced yet, but they're getting close.

I'm buying them again because they have lasted long enough, are very comfortable, and are the right price for a wide fitting shoe.

My only complaint is the ugly red color.  But, again, I'm not a youth anymore who must have the best shoes.  I'm happy enough with them and just try to wear a red shirt when I play :)

edit: well, about a week after I published this review, my pinky toe ripped through the side of the shoe.  I have written New Balance to see what they will do for me.  Will update when I hear back.

Edit #2: New Balance had me send the shoes back to them and they sent me a new pair.  I've yet to wear the replacement pair.  I had already purchased a different New Balance basketball shoe in the interim. It's a 4E and that's what I'll buy from now on.I like this shoes because its stylish and light weight.this shoe just isn't comfortable.. It fits odd and has a small toe box...Will be returning...This is a really nice shoe.  However, the shoe was so large that I thought it was a man's shoe when I opened the box. I like the style & the quality of the leather is excellent. I returned the first pair and reordered a full size smaller. Hopefully the next pair will fit.It is not as wide as expected. Definitely on the smaller side of aerosoles shoesI was looking for a basic black maxi dress and I bought this dress, despite some misgivings about whether the racerback was too sporty.

All I can say is - wow! I'm quite short (5'2") and had to get it hemmed up several inches, but I expect that with most clothes, so it didn't bother me. The only other negative about this dress is that the armholes are quite large. I know that's to be expected in a tank dress, but the top inch of my black bra did show on the sides.

That said, I'd still recommend this dress, mainly because it's incredibly figure-flattering. (I should note that I definitely don't have a flat waist, and I've got a fairly lumpy midsection for my size. So this is a silhouette that I'd normally be really cautious about.) The A-line is very subtle, and the material is heavy enough that it falls in a very elegant straight line from the hips. The top part is also surprisingly flattering considering how basic it is. The material is not clingy (unlike polyester or other synthetics) but the fit is close, so some folks might feel more comfortable with a shaping slip underneath. Honestly, it's just a very sexy dress. I totally didn't expect that. I would consider getting it in other colors.to smallIt is cute, but it is definitely not 12-18 month. Possibly if it was made out of a stretchier material it could work to be on the smaller side of the 12-18 months size range.Everything is good about it, but I ordered the red and got the black instead. This was meant to be a gift for my friend overseas. I only had 2 days till my flight there so I couldn't replace it. Not what I wanted to give him, but he still liked it.A little too large for me (I'm a petite 5' 2"), but I am planning on giving it as a Christmas gift, since I cannot return it.These shoes are beautiful and nicer then expected for the price but the is also higher then I expected. It does have a nice cushion to them over all they are nice shoes!a little tight for 3xlNot impressed. Thin material, they were too small, I returned them.They are good.I returned these as I thought they were 13MWZ Cowboy Cut Wranglers.I know this sounds funny, but these boots are like wearing bedroom slippers.  They look great, feel great, and many people said they wanted a pair just like these.  I absolutely love them.greatI bought this self winding watch because I liked the color and that it was waterproof. But, it won't continue running. You have to sit there and continuously shake your arm to keep it running. It will literally quit running if you don't move your arm within seconds. Sent it back and glad its gone!Very disappointed with these.
I normally wear size 10.5 and therefore ordered 10.5.
They are so small I can hardly even put them on, not to mention walk a mile in them.
(And it's not just that I claim to be size 10.5 but would be a genuine 12: I can put on the roller skates I ordered for my son, size 9).The shoes are very comfortable but the color is slightly off. Keeping them for comfort and weekend wear. Good if you don't want to show your toes.The strap broke off pretty quickly. I'm a commuter, so I like to keep my train pass around my neck at all times. the actual holder works well, and has a little change area which is cool, but the strap is low quality. You can always get a replacement though!This is a very attractive Top-Sider. I like the color so much that I ordered a second pair for my other home. The problem is, that within a few days, both of them stunk. I have never had a foot odor problem, or odors from any other shoe including Top-Sider.Love the print. The material is thin, but I think with the pattern it disguises and potential see through. The sizing seems to be smaller than you would think so order a size up.Darn things came apart after the first 3 hours of wear. The sewing cam completely apart on the one shoe. Wasted money on these.waist is high making it too smallThe shirt was a little small after the first wash it has shrunken a lot, however my little girl loved it!Super comfy! A little see through, but works great to wear under a dress.I was so excited to get these shoes & had lots of outfits lined up to wear them with.  Unfortunately, I  had to send them back. They are just way too bulky & cloddy to wear w/skinny jeans & capris. They were made well, but not as comfy as I expected from Dr Scholl's.Nice shoesbad experienceThe sock is thinner than I expected. But still a nice sock.Don't really see the design so clearly when wearing.The tongue is a little small taking them logging we will see how they doThey run really big I wear a size 11 and I need an 10.5. I have to wear and because they don't have half sizes I have to wear thicker socks. Wish I could return but I wore them outside to check them out.The smell is terrible! Don't underestimate the reviews like i did.. I thought i would be the smart one who would know what to do with the bad smell and i didn't think it would stink this bad! it is very strong rubbery odor.. strong enough to make you high from the petroleum! I don't know how can anyone wear these..This bracelet is so cute. Not easy to find a shark bracelet! It is quality made. Had to wait a bit due to shipper location but well worth it!Look nice. Kind of cheaply made and not durable. My 12 year old daughter "destroyed" them in 2 weeks. I guess these are made for people who do not go outside every day.I was expecting more from these pants. First of all, they bled all over a load of laundry, even though I had prewashed them twice separately.
Secondly, they are way too large. I find myself hitching these things up, despite having read online how to tie the strings. I won't buy a pair again.Planned it for a 9 year old but it was too tight, so it fit a small 7 year old.I love using this wig randomly at any event. Sports games, 80's parties, regular parties, or just dressing up my dog.This shoe ran a little large, as well as the ornament on the shoes were poorly made.  I returned the shoes.:)Gorgeous Ring... Beautiful Stone, Bluish Grey. Tickled over this item.... Wore it 2 days, and my finger turned GREEN!  I took pictures. So much for Nickel Free. So sad to return this.I love the socks but they're way too tight on my daughters legs. She's 5 months approximately 17-18 lbs. I wish I would have bought a larger size because they make really tight marks/really deep indentions so I don't want her to wear them..Looked like they were glued. Too big but narrow. Returned.Warm enough, too much printing, not plain enough,good priceFirst of all this item is both beautiful and well made. I ordered Color1 (orange floral). The only reason I'm giving it 3 stars (and returning it) is because IT'S HUGE! It really is for plus size women. I'm 5'7'' and 165 lbs. and it was swimming on me. I wanted to wear it with shorts and a tank top but it looks like I'm wearing a moo-moo. If that's the look you're going for this will be perfect-otherwise way too much fabric.The bottom were too small, gave it to my son's girlfriend.I was pleasantly surprised that the shoes fit perfectly. They are cute and fun! I wear them for their comfort. Very happy with my shoes.Shrinks after each washQuality isn't the best, the tooth was way to sharp. Could not give it as a gift.Very comfortable. I  have 2 pair and will probably by another color.The best business/casual show for the winter months- and so comfortable. Only complaint I have are the heels- they seem not sturdy enough as other reviewers here have claimed. That's why I gave it 4 stars.Didn't know I was going to get the 9-12 months XL version. The material is definitely organic cotton and very soft, but the sizing is way off.I work in a factory and need pockets for many tools, pens, writing pads and so on, so I wanted cargo pants. As usual, women's pants don't understand that pockets actually are meant to serve a purpose. The cargo side pocket is only as large as the back pocket on a pair of men's carpenter pants and the normal pockets only barely fit my hands.

Also, I listened to some of the other reviewers and bought a size up. The size 18 fits like an rigid 16. So yes, order a size or two higher if you have wide hips.

The material feels sturdy, however, so I will keep the pants since I need them. I wore out most of my jeans already since it's so hard to find fitting women's work pants. Dickies stuff usually holds up pretty good, so they should be usable if not quite what I was after.I have worn this brand for years.  They are nice looking and have support.Nicely made, very comfortable!Very nice ringNot what i expectedThe pattern is not even so even if the weren't too small, it would still look funny. Don't waste your money, cheaply made, too small and just doesn't look like the picture at all.slightly see through airy material. hand wash onlyI really like  these shoes. However the sizing was a little off. I ordered at 9 thinking it was a womans 9 but I was incorrect lol... 9 equals a 11 in womens.. I should have ordered a an 8 or 81/2.. hope this helps!1 word HorribleI purchased this wallet for my four year old son and he loves it. I like the fact that it has zippered sections to hold change.Like the design but it was not as bright as shown in picture.Found the shirt to be a lot longer then it shows.  Wondering how it will be after it washes, but with the fabric content it should be ok. Just an every day shirt. Nothing fancy.36w 30L waste and length in legs are good. However, the shoulder straps should be longer. Got them all the way stretched and lengthened and they still pull up to far in the crotch area.Love this style, but I ordered 2 in a size 6 and I received a size 6 and a size 8. I just gave the 8 to my sister.I ordered too of these in different colors. This one did not work when it came in.First off, a little about how I wear earrings. I don't just pick out a pair and put it on as part of my morning routine. Nor do I take them out in the evening before bed. I will wear nicer earrings for special occasions, but in general I want earrings that I can wear all the time -- in the shower, in bed, etc and not have to worry about them.

1) After wearing these for 24 hours, I do not have any redness or irritation, which I usually notice within hours. That is a plus.

2) The posts on these earrings are longer than the posts of any of my other earrings. If you use the backs that come with the earrings, I don't believe this would be a problem. You'll just have more post behind your ear. But with the special backs that are rounded on the end (like the ones that come with piercing earrings), this causes the earring to hang out in the front of the ear. I use the rounded backs so I can wear my earrings all the time without my hair getting caught on them, without the backs working themselves off, etc. This is a big detriment in my use case. I've included a photo to demonstrate the "hang out in front of the ear" part.

3) The variety of sizes is nice, although most of them are much larger than I usually wear. I think only the 3 smallest ones will ever be worn.

4) A very nitpicky packaging complaint..... all of the pairs come in individual plastic bags -- so six little plastic bags, all of which come in a larger plastic bag. I much prefer the plastic sheets with holes for the earrings to punch through, it's easier to manage and store the earrings. As it is, I just tossed all of them into the larger bag for easier access since I don't have an earring holder anymore.

Overall I would be thrilled with these if it weren't for the length of the posts. That's really a deal breaker for me.

Full disclosure, I did receive this product discounted in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.XL is like large zesi Too small for meI thought it would be bigger. I didn't notice much lift but its staying sticky as I wear it cleaning my house and I haven't felt it slip.This ring looks so nice. Only downfall is it is already chipped and scratched up. its cheap so I do not mind too much but just remember you get what you pay for.Repreve Stria Hidden Expandable Waist Plain Front Dress Pant,The European size for 9 was 43 in the Table size and 42 on the product. Small!My grandson loved itThis is one of those sensible hats for people like me who do not need any more sun. The trouble is that it may look too sensible, albeit not as bad as your average "sensible shoes." At least it can be worn without orthopedics.Junk!goodThe material these pants are made of don't even remotely feel like cotton. They feel very strange and when worn all day, have a tendency to rub the skin in an uncomfortable way.

I thought that if I washed them a half or dozen times they would soften up. Nope.
These are probably the strangest pants I've ever worn and quite frankly these aren't jeans, they are just masquerading as a pair.poor adjustability of straps for short torsoThese are nice durable shorts, however too long.  Hung 6" below my knees.Great shoes but they did not fit as I expected them.I bought this for my work notebook, a 17" dell & it fits great.  I've also got a larger HP dv9700t which fits, but just barely.  The color is a darker blue than in the picture and the fabric is somewhat shiny.  Not a bad look, just not what I was expecting.Good fabric and stitching but the sizes run smaller than other scrub bottoms I wear. So naturally as soon as I opened the box I washed them without trying them on first and threw box and receipt away. Now I'm stuck with pants I can't wear.The material is nice and the color is accurate but the top is NOT push-up.Love the material. I wear a XL so I ordered large due to large breasts but a large would have fit me better. Love the pattern.I purchased a XL but fit like a L and I couldn't wear it.Cute tunic that runs somewhat large despite their other clothes. Looks great tucked into jeans or worn out as shown in the picture.I received this robe at a discount price in exchange for my honest review.  Had it not been at a discount it would be going back.  Yes, it's soft and moderately warm but the pictures and description are deceptive.  Be sure to measure before you order and make sure this is what you want.  Although the picture makes the robe appear to be full length and the description says "full coverage" that doesn't apply to the legs unless you happen to be 5'3" or under.  I'm 5'8" and the bottom of the robe hits me about mid-calf.  I didn't measure the length given against my current robe and that was a big mistake.  This robe will be fine for cool fall days if I'm wearing pants but not for cozying up on cold winter days.  The fit also runs on the small side.  I'm a size 6-8 but went for the larger size because I like a robe to be roomy..  I'm certainly glad I'm no longer a size 12-14 or the L/XL would be way too tight.  On the plus side the robe is soft, the lilac is a pretty color and it does have a hook in back for hanging.  Just make sure unless you're really short that you're not looking for a full-length robe.  I'm wearing it now and my legs are cold already.It was ok but took it for a chidrenThe watch dose not weigh 14.2 ounces it's more like 4 ounces it's a nice looking watch worth 40$ not more I guess you get what you pay for  also it's not 316l stainless more like platedFits nicely / nice fabric.  Comfortable.Earrings much smaller than your photo.  They are tiny!!!!  Didn't care for the packaging, especially if I was giving them as a gift.  Very disappointed!  .coolAfter washing once started to come apart at the seamsLoved the costume and the seller was GREAT! Giving one star because the size was way off. Way to big for my son- it actually fit me. Bought in youth XL. Size was way off. Seller was excellent with communication, and returns. Would surely shop with them again!Didn't fit and they rippedgood enough for the costThe ad claims no show and fits sizes 6-12.  Definitely too large for my size 9 feet.  And definitely visible when I wear sneakers.I ordered the wide width and it was still too narrow hurting my toes. DisappointedThese Born boots are very well constructed, I have never worn these type of boots before but bought them in case I need something sturdy for my feet that are also comfortable. For the price I think they are very reasonable as well. I also have a pair of Born slip on shoes that I have worn for Work, Casual wear, Dinner wear and special events.

Check them out born.com!Looking at sizing chart I thought a medium was going to be too small, but this shirt is not fitted like the picture. I'm only wearing for one day, so no biggie, but it's not something I would want to wear all the time.
Also, it smelled like oil/plastic upon opening, but it washed out. The material is not cotton and is a little slippery, but it doesn't wrinkle, so plus there...Fit well but they don't lace up as tight as the pit boss. Very comfortable. I'll go back to the pit boss next time I buy boots.I  received this gorgeous dress within 5 days. Immediately I tried the dress on; the
fit is perfect, I couldn't be any happier. This dress flows over the hip gracefully and the stretch bodice is very comfortable and light.  I highly recommend this seller 100% and then some. THNX! :)Best T-shirts there are.  Great fit, soft material, best colors.  Good price and fast shipping too.It's extremely frustrating that most major shoe companies chose to ignore anyone with narrow feet.Love the ring but faded quicklyThis is a pretty comfortable watch. The "leather" doesn't bite into my skin (a big plus) and at a glance the watch face looks much more expensive than it actually is. Upon closer inspection you can tell its not a very expensive watch but I have already received many compliments.

Note: The day counter really doesn't work very well, but I never use that anyway so it didn't matter to me at all!Was not happy. the wood is marked, doesn't look nicIt fits well but I'm 5 1 and it Just needs hemmed up.Top quality! !!!!!!!!!Kenneth Cole Reaction men's sleep short, made in China are manufactured from a 60% cotton 40% polyester blended fabric. These draw string sleep shorts has a multi-colored elastic waistband, two side pockets and a false fly on the front.  Care includes machine washing with cold water on a gentle cycle.  Non-chlorine bleach may be used if needed.  Tumble dry on low and use a warm iron if desired.

I have a lean muscular body and wear medium underwear, lounge shorts and gym shorts.  These sleep shorts fit a little snug, but are comfortable, even for summer wear. My only complaint is the useless false fly.  If this fly where real, it would include some sort of closure, such as buttons.  This fly serves no purpose and doesnt add any visual appeal, its just a completely unnecessary loose flap of cloth.

Kenneth Cole's Reaction men's sleep shorts are comfortable to wear, but I find the false fly to be bothersome.  Perhaps this useless feature doesn't bother you, but I wouldn't purchase or recommend these shorts because of it.

PROS:
Fits well
Comfortable to wear

CONS:
False fly
Wrong colorThe picture was extremely blurry. Wasn't worth the money spent.It's funny but if people do not understand'll look like a freak.the product was a poorer quality than I expected. What I mean to say is that
the material was very thin, and I was a little disappointed with it , if I had shopped for them in a store personally
I probably would not have selected them.Long story short.  These shoes are extremely comfortable right out of the box.  The fit was just right - which was nice and snug expecting the leather to stretch/conform to my foot.  But after just a few months the front part of the shoe has stretched more than expected.  Now the front part of my foot shifts around way too much during play.  Even with the laces tightened as much as possible it doesn't solve the problem.  Price was pretty good compared to more expensive synthetic options.  The comfort was great an still is.  But the lack of toe stitching and the more-than-expected stretching seem like a design flaws.I have bought this brand and model multiple times at a store but this pair was not as deep and lack cushion.Not even close to size!I have Teva sneakers and love them. These were not as comfortable. Found the top to be very wide.I liked the quality, but the fit was way off. the inseam is way to short, waistband is in middle of my rump.Dang, you gotta get one of these for your wife, guys! She looks really great.Sorry to report that although the bra is comfortable, it rides up  to where the cup is halfway on my beasts. I'm a B cup, so I don't fall out, but I'm constantly pulling the bra dowsee

I was really looking for  Daily wear comfort.I recived this necklace has a gift from my husband, I love the look but..... it does not shine that good a litte sad...very unhappy with the cut/fit of these pants!nice fabric  just as described  very quick delivery...would buy from this seller again.I was so ecstatic to order this bag because it seemed beautiful, the perfect size, great quality, very durable, and so cheap for it's high end quality. I was so so disappointed when I received a bag that looked nothing like what I had ordered.One word for this ring: STUNNING!
I was absolutely blown away by how well this ring is crafted, by its weight and by its overall beauty.
I have had it for about a couple of weeks and I wear it 24/7 - even while I'm bathing my dogs, showering, doing housekeeping and nothing has affected either the band or the stones.
The stones are set beautifully and their sizes are proportionate and extremely believable. The asscher stone throws off so much color and is full of flash and fire - I'm just beyond impressed!
This ring runs true to size and I'm even able to wear my 5 stone diamond eternity band alongside it and, honestly, the 2 rings together look like a set. The band is very comfortable.
If you buy this ring prepare yourself - you're going to get alot of compliments!Very pretty ring glad I ordered it.Kanye for President!After wearing them for a couple hours my feet started to hurt.  When I took off my shoe to see what was wrong, the insole had gotten "wavey" along the inside edge which irritated my feet.  I was very disappointed since I love my Birkenstock sandels and was excited to see I could purchase insoles.The ring is very cute if you are looking for a small simple ring. It arrived very fast. I would recommend it.Somewhat small but suited the occasion. Arrived in perfect time.I ordered this particular bra as a shot in the dark, without ever having tried one out in a bricks-and-mortar shop.  It did not work for me, but it does not mean that it won't work for anyone else.Compliments galor. 4. Colorful goes  with just about anything.  Need to make in  wide. I like to wear heavy stocks.

LI searched all winter long for the perfect pair of cognac riding boots (to replace ones that I have worn out). These are the only ones I ended up keeping because the color is spot on and they fit great. I also appreciate the zipper runs all the way up the shaft. Hate those half-zip ones!
The only disappointment is the quality of the leather - it's quite stiff and sort of shiny looking (almost feels like rubber). I do hope they soften up over time but either way, it's not a bad deal for the sale price.
Size wise, I usually wear 6.5 in Nine West and these fit just as expected.good walking shoe . I needed to put arch inserts in for more support.I bought a similar pair awhile back and those fit perfectly.  This size was a little on the small size so instead of sending back, I decided to keep and continue on my diet.The zipper seem was torn when I got it.The opening at top wad too small. I returned it.Poor stitching - velcro tab stitching came loose when I opened the jacket's front flap to try it on.
Mesh on the inside seems like it would make the jacket comfortable in warmer weather.
Jacket material is noisy - like I'm wearing a crinkly paper bag.
Sending back....Received wrong item. Ordered 2. Got none-still leaving 2 reviews.They are tight in thighs and the length is way too longThough these shoes are adorable, they do not have any cushioning or arch support. Interesting to see all the great reviews about comfort, even a few planters face references. I thought they were stiff and uncomfortable and could not imagine spending a day walking in them.If these hadn't been boat-like in the width, I would have most definitely kept and loved them.  Wish they were made in a more normal width.  In athletic shoes I normally wear 9-1/2 wides, I ordered these in 9's.They were too narrow and couldn't zip them over my calves. I ordered a medium and wear a 7 1/2 shoe. Returned themDoes not fit around my 2.5 year olds neckI GAVE 4 STARS  BECAUSE  IT  FITS A LITTLE  SMALL.  OTHER  THAN  THAT  IT'S  A  NICE SHIRT !It's Ok for the price. But I think I can find a blazer for the same amount but better quality. I bought this as a quick purchase I needed it fast and no place in my local area were in stock for blazersImpossible to walk in, really sexy but impractical shoe. I want this exact shoe with a wedge instead of a stiletto. However they are comfortable surprisingly and the straps are awesome!Shrinks a lot after the first wash.very cute dress but way too long even with heels, about 3-4 inches to long and very uneven on the front bottom, so I have to get it fix and have to expend more money for it.This ring is physically beautiful, i would say the stone is to big and makes the overall ring look fake, which it is. This ring is fake it's not 925 stamped and iv'e had it 3days now and it turned my finger green. i wouldn't recommend getting it.They are nice looking boots, but cheaply made and they run very small. I had to return them.I put one star becuase there are only 4 reviws for this nike wallet it needs 1000 reviews it is the best wallet i love this nike wallet enough said!!!I bought the white with no zipper in my normal size (XL), but the fit is too small and the length is too short. The fabric looks nice from a distance because of the texture, but it is kind of on the thin side, which at least makes it lightweight and wearable for the warmer months. The biggest issue I had aside from sizing is that mine arrived with a small brown mark or stain on it. I haven't tried to get it out yet. It's a cute shirt but I'm not thrilled overall.I can't believe the feel of the fabric, so soft and nice quality.  Very happy, fit is true to size.CheapShoes fitted very tight even though I wear a 6 1)2W, they only had a 7 1/2w. I took a Chance and ordered that size.once I stretch the shoes, they feel great on my feet. Can't recommend them though.Item is made of very thin fleece, barely enough to keep someone lukewarm in winter; however, it is a high quality item as expected from The North Face.I have these in two colors now and love them.  They fit exactly as expected. I wear a 9.5 in almost everything.  These are well made, durable, comfortable, and cute.  My older pair are brown and I've worn them for lengthy amounts of time, walking in the city, and through all kind of weather and they've held up great.  I was excited to find the black at a great price on Amazon.so far I really like these. they seem to be good quality. I'm 5'0" so they are a little long for me but not unmanageable. length is typical for "one size fits all" tights.so so. no need additional explaning.Tight fit!Took a little longer that expected to arrive, but quality seems decent for the price.I like the lenses but am not thrilled with the frames. I think the plastic might have been more comfortable.WAY TOOOOOO SMALL. This was so small very poor quality. Got runs in the fabric as I was putting it on. SOOOO SEE THROUGH!  Don't buy this. You will be so disappointed.Crappy Quality. Look and feels cheap.I went by the sizing offered by Hanes but these are way too small and not even close to those measurements.  I expected a little snug fit but these actually hurt by the end of the day.  I threw them out.  At first they were nice but as the day went on, I knew they weren't good.I order such a bra not for the first time, and already know exactly what size I need. I am very pleased with the quality and style. But first you need to accurately choose the size. In the cups this bra is slightly larger than I wear. In the chest is normal.In person, the design of this bag did not live up to my expectations -- in the black/grey color I ordered, the tumbled leather lacked character and yet (due to the tumbling process) was fairly faded -- an odd combination.  The bag itself was a bit small for my needs and there were half as many pockets as there were in the Tumi Alpha Organizer Brief (http://smile.amazon.com/Tumi-Alpha-Organizer-Brief-26109/dp/B001XCXAGA/ref=pd_sim_sbs_a_19?ie=UTF8&refRID=1KYJ6YR8W1J5C65HFN4D) that I ended up purchasing instead.Not true to size. Have other Dansko's never thus tightAgain.  I am hoping that it fits my ex-student.  Her party is on November 25th.  She likes funky socks!  I'll let you know.Love them. They fit great on my son. He just went threw them fast, unfortunately. But they were confortable and were great for winter boots. My son like themHorribleVery cute shoes! The height is perfect,  and I love how they make my ankles look like they are wearing a collared shirt! They are a little bit loose, but I can deal with it . I love them!Soft and comfortable.  Nice and warm too.Just purchased my second one of these for geocaching.  Got the first one about a year ago, and still use it.  It has just enough pockets to keep things like trackables, swag, pens, and an epi-pen all organized.  Gave the old one to my husband, and ordered another.  Can leave it on when riding in the car to the next cache.  Has held up really well to being worn out in the woods and going through thorns and the like.  We have the copper and now flamingo for visibility.I think there has definitely been a design/process change. My "ears" are closer-set, at an odd angle, and look more like if a triangle and an oval had a baby. When I wear it, no matter what way I put it on they flop and point backward from my head -- so I look much more like Toothless(!) than a cat, which I'm not necessarily mad at, but that's NOT what I expected to receive. I probably could have bought some yarn and crocheted my own, better-shaped cat ear beanie for less. :/

The hat feels a bit snug -- will definitely result in hat hair -- but it feels warm and comes low enough to cover my ears, so maybe I can wear it for deep-winter runs to keep my earbuds in place.I normally wear a 7-1/2 in a sandal and was told to buy the smaller size because they run a little large. The 8 was too big and the 7 was too short. I like the overall comfort but there is really no substantial support that I was told I would get. I think they are just an over-priced pair of flip flops. I won't be ordering another pair.Do not like the fabric can see right through it!Going to make all of my wear Cariloha. Love the productOrdered 3 pairs of Levi's and two were fine , fit and new in packaging , although this pair arrived as previously worn and even had a reciept for a return to lowes hardware store in Missouri , I am in Pennsylvania , please advise as to resolution as I do not wish to wear Someone else's used jeansNo better than other ones I haveheadband cheap. tail is solid and poor quality like a carnival stuffed animalThese earrings are delicate and beautiful. The price is beyond reasonable given the great quality. I get many compliments each time I pair them with my favorite Tiffany necklace... You'd never know they are not a matched set.The dress is lovely (fabric pattern and fit), however, I expected it to have a built-in shelf bra like other prAna dresses I've purchased in the past.  Was disappointed it doesn't!Since these are the Hue brand I expected them to be more like what I find in department stores that I could wear under a dress or tunic but these are not something I would wear other than to the gym. They are cotton, loose at bottom of legs and look like a yoga pant.Pretty, but not for normal adult feet.The Craft sweatshirt is part of the snappy casual look that active-wear consumers want. Bulky, frumpy fabrics are out; sleek and sophisticated materials are in. This tighter weave  which traps body heat  of this lightweight jacket offers a form-fitting profile which is accentuated by the white piping throughout the garment. I particularly liked the wide-banded wrist, waist, and neck cuffs. The pockets are more for show since actually using them would ruin the straight-line look of this jacket.

In-The-Zone is beautifully constructed, soft, and quite warm for either in or outdoor wear. Knocks offs are sure to follow which will make this look and feel more affordable to the cost-conscious consumer.My fault for ordering the wrong size. After ordering 3 pairs, I finally got the size that fits. I wear a 5.5B womens. I ended up getting a size 2.5 kids.
They are stylish, however they are not comfortable if you do a lot walking (15,000 -  20,000 steps a day) and if you have a high arch. I needed a black pair for work so I decided to give these a try. I will not be able to wear them to work in, so I'll just wear them casually with my jeans, leggings and I'm kewl with that!These are nice but a little too 'satiny' (shiny). They take away a bit from my stone pendants which should have the focus. I guess they would be fine for smaller silver pendants rather than the big, colored stones that I have.Slot not even close to wide enough to accept standard, side-to-side checks.
How can they market these for side-tear checks?It is small, you need to buy a larger size.Love my Toms ware midi dress and this one did not disappoint eitherThe quality and softness are fine but I didn't read the description to see the actual length. The picture makes the scarf seem long enough to go from waist, around the neck and down to the chest. Well, unless you're a member of the lolly-pop guild, that ain't gonna happen. I'm 5'8" and from my waist, it doesn't make it around my neck. So, unless your costume doesn't require neck wrap-around. or you're child size, get a longer one. Otherwise, this is a good product.costume fitted ok (although did not look flattering at all, cheap material) but the legging that were included are way too small. Sent mine back.I bought these shoes almost 2 years ago and they've just recently started to wear out to the point that my feet are beginning to hurt after wearing them at work. I work 12 hour shifts as a nurse in the ICU so I'm constantly on the move. I initially intended to buy a pair of brooks but they felt so stiff and hard. I tried these on and fell in love! I've never met so many so many people at work who wear the same shoes and have multiple pair of the same shoes. They are by far the best pair of shoes I've ever worn!! They've held up great and still look new! The only issue I have is the color choices. They aren't terrible but I don't usually purchase shoes that have white on them. These shoes were just too comfortable to worry about the color.Not good for wide feet. Stiff leather.Super tight fitting.  However I needed good non slip shoes for work in black.  They also have super cushioned soles and my feet don't hurt anymore.  However, getting them on is a struggle, the tongue doesn't come up at all. If you have feet where you can't just slip into shoes, these will not work for you.  Also, they don't cover the ankle as much as other sneakers.  That's really weird.  There are soooooo many design flaws in this shoe but if you have tiny, narrow feet and small ankles and legs, they'll look okay.  Otherwise, these jsut look weird.My toms are authentic and they can a day before I ordered them and I was very much pleased. The only thing I have a problem with is they don't fit to my true size.I hope it is accurate cos I have based my heavy luggage on this gadgetI wish it came with instructions how to style the top.Adidas shoes run at least a half size too small consistently. I love the shoes but can't wear them and a slightly larger size wasn't available.nice shirt for doing work or working outOne of the most comfortable pairs of sandals I have ever purchased. Although it is not made of memory foam, it almost feels like it when walking. I noticed that the sandal runs a little small - where I usually wear a 7-7.5, an 8 in this shoe fit perfectly. I was debating between the Reef Edge and the Reef Fanning...at the end of the day I returned this one and purchased the Fanning. The straps on this sandal seemed like it would be best suiting for absorbing light moisture from your feet (there is moisture wicking webbing/netting under the straps). The straps on the Fanning felt more like neoprene and better suited for a wet day at the beach, which is what I was looking for. Otherwise I would have kept these as the price was significantly less than the fanning.ok, but didn't blow me awayColor n design looks attractive but the sleves were wsy too long as compared to the bodySoft, not as breathable as I like and the neck is small. For an inexpensive t-shirt it is okay.somehow this boots are very small. they NEED to let the buyer know they are because they are expensive boots. i bought the same number as my other shoes but they are somehow narrow and small.Fits exactly as expected.  Beautiful color and fast delivery.  Wearing it as my bridesmaid dress and the bride loves it.  Also a cute dress I would wear outside of the wedding.Is niceVery good productFabric not that good. Looks good when wearThe color of the kilt that I received is the same as the military green pictured, unlike the military green sport utility kilt that I purchased, which was more of a Kelly Green. I am impressed with the slash pockets. I didn't think they would fit my hands or allow me to use the pocket clip on my knife, but they fit just fine.

I only have a few complaints;
I am still disappointed with the back pockets. We bigger men have a hard time getting to them. I feel that they need to be moved one whole pleat each, away from the center of the back, or make them that much wider. It wouldn't hurt to move the cargo pockets that far forward on the xxl either.
The belt loops are not as thick/heavy as I was expecting, from my previous experience with the Damn Near sport utility kilt that I have been wearing. This is mostly due to the way they are constructed on each style.
My previous order was DNKE's sport utility kilt. The material making up this kilt is a completely different type from that of my sport utility kilt. It doesn't seem as heavy as that used on sport utility kilt. The sport utility was a heavy twill like that used on khaki cargo pants/shorts. This is much stiffer, more of a corduroy. The pleats don't return to their original position when I stand from a sitting position. instead they stand out some from my body like batman's ears coming off my legs. I have to constantly brush them down into their original position. I am reluctant to purchase another because I don't know what kind of material I will end up with.I like it but the brush for the eyebrows was a little bit thicker than I expected. But it works goodToo small and lowI was slightly disappointed with this watch because the color isn't as bright as the picture. It looks fine for a young child but may not be exciting enough for an older child because the photo is muted and kind of dull. It looks a bit flimsy but I will give it a fair try and see how it holds up on my 7 year old grandson. The band seems ok and fits fine.just an awkward piece of clothing. It's almost like a paper cutout. Square and angular and not comfortable at all.They look great with jeans and pants.  Very comfortable.  Lightweight and flexible.Nice jacket good quality faux fur.Needs a closure at the top of the bra, but other than that very comfortableHeavyweight? That's a joke.OK PRODUCTThese run Super Small.  I usually wear a size 9 W,  so I ordered up 1/2 size to a Size 9-1/2  (to account for it being a Medium width)
and could barely get my foot in...Way too small, had to return.
These would be great for someone with a Narrow Width, though I think you would still need to order 1/2-1 size upRuns small. It is serving its purpose to be part of a period costume.really thin material, was very tight for my normal size.I went based off of sizing info given, and the band size was massive on me and the cup was tiny. This is made for someone with different proportions.I have one bad foot these shoes are very comfortable my old injury foot loves them!I loved these ! They are cute and do perfectly . BUT cheaply made . The strap broke right off after maybe 6-7 months . The pegs on the sole (the rubbber soft things) were breaking off and it just started looking really bad. Wish they would've lasted longer bc I really loved these slippersNOTHING in the product description says anything about the thick waistband, which has to be the worst design Champion has ever come up with. If you're looking for comfort DO NOT buy these.my sweetheart bought these for me here on amazon.  at first i was miffed because the straps on one shoe (the right one) were messed up:  one was too tight, one too loose.  just a *bit* so in both cases, but enough to seem irregular & not something that one would see and certainly not purchase in a store.

got bad blisters along the line of the tight strap the first 3-4 times i wore them, and the loose strap annoyed the heck out of me.  i kept wearing them though, determined to see if they'd shape up.  they have.  feel comfortable now and i can wear them to work, stand in them for hours at a time, don't really notice any strap funniness anymore.  good shoes for rainy weather and just doing this and that around town.

beware of poor traction in rain, though, on certain surfaces.I've been looking for a chained wallet as I'm always afraid of losing my wallet and I wanted one with a change pocket.  This fit the bill and the change pocket is generous so you're not squeezing your fingers into an incredibly tight place to slide out some pennies.  Has lots of places for credit cards and the like.  The chain is a little short for my taste and I could do without the graphic, that's a bit juvenile to me.  My biggest issue is the size.  It's monster, especially once you will it up with said cards, coins and if you have any, cash.  The last thing I need is for my butt to look any bigger.  This makes it look like I'm wearing a bustle!  Unless, of course, you want to be the Kim Kardashian of your group.  So, in summation, good wallet, holds a lot, but should come with it's own little luggage cart. or a patch you can put on your pants that says, "no, my ass isn't that big, that's my wallet".Niece loved it!These are really cute but I wish the bow part was attached rather than tied on.. They came apart in the wash and was a pain to find the little pieces. Also the yellow was a florescent highlighter yellow... Don't see my baby wearing it. Other than that super cute and a good value.They fit
Thank youPurchased for Wolverine costume, but it's pretty cool so it gets plenty of everyday wear. Nice color, size, and interesting detail.Nice hat, fits nice, comfortable. Discoloration happens really fast from sweat, starts to look gross in two weeks.It was not comfortable on my son, for whom I bought them.My daughter loved this set and it has held up great over time! The fit was as expected and still fits her great as she grows! I'm super-happy with the price and quality!Very stylish!You can't squeeze it with one hand and have it open up completely. It's not the quality of those purchased many years ago.If you have skinny legs, these pants are for you. However, if you're like me and have muscular legs and gluts, don't even attempt to put these on. Not to mention, they are not put together as well as older Columbia products. It seems to me Columbia has become a cheap alternative to North Face or REI.GoodThese are too small for my size 9 medium width foot and are very scratchy. I would not recommend even if they did fit.Help my sister bought this shoe, she said she likes it. The size is true. And the color is nice.Very cheaply made and broke within a few weeks of wearing.  I did like it but garbage now!  Very disappointed!These are more like a size extra, extra small, not a extra large!! Im not fat but these barely fit up my thigh.Doesn't looks good at all in my opinion great quote tho...The necklace includes an inexpensive sapphire that I would describe as opaque, navy blue.  The chain is thin, but decent.  My fiance likes it as casual jewelry to wear on a regular day, but it's not going to impress anyone.

All in all, it was a good value for the price, but don't expect too much at this price, either.Ordered Large got small shirts with Large printed on them... Are you serious. Never again.This is a very beautiful shoe I love it but but was not properly made side of shoe needs glue:(There is something a little off with the left one.  The overall experience with them is great, but the left one hurts a little bit.  I think it has to do with the closure system.  They are reminiscent of the rollerblades of the 1990's.  The one improvement I would like to see on them would be that exact closure system.  It is hard to get them to adjust to the right tightness since there are set tensions with the hole spacing. It would be really nice to have that old ratchet/clamp system the rollerblades had so they can be more finely tuned.  Something like this, which I know now is patented...  http://patentimages.storage.googleapis.com/EP0923965A1/00140001.png  Other than that one thing these are great.  Much better than water shoes and sandals when kayaking.I purchased this dress in purple, size large. I am 5'1, 180 + pounds, size 14 in pants, and 38 C cup.  This dress runs big. I normally wear XL. The LG was a perfect fit. The color is true to pic. Be very careful when washing this dress. I hand washed this dress and the dye from the dress stained my counter top. I thought after a few hand washes of the dress the dye would subside but even now as I wash it, it turns the water purple and anything else in comes in contact with. The material is very thin. When held to light you can see through the dress. The dress came in the mail in a timely manner.Love that it packs up into a decent size pouch. Hated how frustrating it was to constantly have the zipper get stuck! I am considering returning it because of the zipper.SO UNGODLY UNCOMFORTABLE I PUT THEM ON ONCE AND RETURNED THEMClassic chucksThey are scratchy. Even a little after washing a few times.
They do run a bit small as well. 4T/5T is a large.
My main problem, however, is that they sent us the wrong pattern.
Bad form, ladies and gentlemen.
I'd like the correct order in the mail ASAP.
The Momgood socksI purchased this dress last year to have in my wardrobe when needed, today I finally had an appropriate occasion that I wore this dress for. This dress is stylish with nice material, but the cut of the dress was  "ill fitting", it was tight in one arm and the underblouse didn't lay right!Love themExcellenta little too yellow gold to look geniune.I ordered this for my daughters 1st birthday and it is so cute! I actually think it is cuter in person. I was a little worried cause I thought it was too much for an outfit for just one day but it is worth it. Made great and everything I was hoping for.The color in real life is a little different. It creates the feelings of cheap and dirty material. However, it fits perfectly. I would recommend choosing another color.Disappointed in the changes that ECCO made in my favorite style of sandals. I expect a better product from ECCO.  These are less sturdy, less comfortable, and not as well constructed as the same sandal 2 years ago. And the price is still the same. I returned them and will have to find another favorite.Wore it at Disney World. Nice and pretty. Not as "slim" as I'd hoped, but held what I needed stylishly.They were nice, a little bigger than expected.
Very good customer service!Meh. HUGE in the waist and tapered too much at the legs for my liking. The sizing is just WAY off. Not returning them because it's too much of a hassle, but I'll be looking for another brand next time, unfortunately.Quality was OK but the fit was VERY small.  I usually wear an XL with room and this fit like a small.I am not at all happy with this sneaker, not enough give.  The sneaker overall is not made for comfort in my eyes.  I am on my feet alot and purchased this sneaker to where for work while working in basement on charts.  Not comfortable, to narrow, no give.  I do like the look of the sneaker.It separated right away and I can't get it to go back togetherSo breathable! Really helps eliminate pitting out! I do 12's in the ED, so I'm always hustling. I like them so much they are my primary tops now!
However!!! The top shipped to me did not match the model number. I've attached pics of the actual design of the 5106 with this review. The picture in the listing is the 5105, not the 5106. The 5105 has mesh is more on the front of the shoulders, and on the lower back. Still a good top, just not as good as controlling underarm sweat.Someone stole it , I couldn't even get to see it . I want my money backDoesn't really stay in place well.Very nice. Color is perfect. I'm a size 12 Ina ordered a large. Fit perfect.
Only complaint is the belt did not come with a clasp.Really happy with this extremely light and omfortable golf shoe. Speedy delivery as usual from Amazon .Just bought these from a local retailer on sale for $69. They fit great, have good comfortable feel, and love the collapsable heal. Not crazy about the draw tie.DECAL was not completely pulled out of shirt..meaning the transfer needed to be cleaned up before pressing to the shirt. Otherwise besides this error I love the shirt.Cute purse, looks better online. Came after 2 and a half weeks, it has a smell and like others have said-the zippers are faulty.Small !!!!These boots are very poorly made and look "cheap".  They do not look like the picture at all.  I did not send them back but I have only worn them twice.This is a nice dress I ordered in the red , I'm returning cuz I'm a size 12 and have
A large waist this dress did not fit me well ,but if you don't carry your weight around the middle this is a nice dress , I'm sure the black would be a little more forgiving than the red color , Tiana b does a nice job overall with dressesno complaints here ! a bandana a dayGreat shorts.Smells horrendous!!!! Could not be worn even after cleaning and airing it outI read the reviews and people mentioned ordering up a size, so I did. They're too baggy in the front, and on the waist, especially in the back around the loophole area.  The leg area is very fitting, but they are skinny jeans so that is expected.  Thought about returning them, but I'll wear them with longer tops that cover those areas I guess.Have yet to wear it but fits well, not too bulky with limited protection from thin but hard rubberized feeling pads in all the most critical areas needing protectionGreat belt. Fit perfectlythe shoe not comfortabl  at allI just wish they were wider. Many companies say they offer wider sizes but they aren't any wider than their regular shoes.I prefer a relaxed fit for more room in seat n thighs....this is a bit tight....bit smallToo largeMaterial, cotton, really thin, fits tightly, however great to relax around house in.The fabric feels fake and it makes me itch, and the the inside material sheds for numerous washings--I will never buy 50 50 blends again, 80 cotton 20 polyester is my new minimum-- The hoodie looks good but feels terrible.im 5 foot 1 inch and 110 lbs, little big on me but making it workI wanted to like these earrings but I just could not and here is why. First they don't really look like the picture not as faceted...more of a square flat cut...Second the posts are too long and stab you if you sleep in them.  Then the backings they came with are so small/cheap they don't really hold the weight of the earrings.  I had to make the backs tight then they got almost embedded in my ear...I took them off and Both posts where bent....this is after 2 days use.material is good but I bought these to replace ones that are fitting snug and they fit just the same even though they are a size biggerLove the shirt,  but be warned if you have large upper arms then this shirt is not for you,  I ordered a 1x and it fits perfectly except around the arm...ughToo small .. and no free shipping back
Otherwise seemed okVery tight around my ankles. Causes deep lines by the end of the day. No support in the insole.Free smallmade very nice but it was to smallfits well but prefer nylon or something other than cottonDIDNT LIKE THEM . I CANT SEND BACK DUE TO I DONT KNOW WHAT GRANDSON DID WITH PACKAGING SLIP. WONT WEAR THEMThis is a big, bulky shoe.  My son wears an XW, but this is really, really wide.  It's high on the foot/ankle, too, and kind of stiff.  We prefer the Stride Rite or Saucony shoes when looking for the XW sizes.I love the look of this wedge flip flops, just really cute and the strap design adds a nice feminine touch.  I found that wearing these for a couple hours gets rid of the problem that reviewer "AZGirl" mentioned, I just slip these on and go!  I am usually a 10.5, so I ordered both size 10 and 11, and kept the 11.  The straps are comfortable and I had no problems with them rubbing anywhere, if anything I found them just a *touch* too loose, but that could just be me, as I am not used to the feeling of wearing flip flops. For reference, I DO have wide feet and did not find these to be too narrow or tight anywhere. These are a great pair of shoes!super cute but the Eyelets cause major discomfort. Difficult to break in.Nice looking boot.  Should have a zipper not a gussetI'm a plus size girl should have picked a different style dress but it's very comfortable and look as expected it's a beautiful dress but not for my body typemy waist is 28" and i usually wear size 4... the elastic waist of this pants is definitely too small but if i go up a size the legs of the pants may be too big. other than the waist the pants fits find so i'll have to serif i can find a tailor to replace the elastic waistVery much smaller than 3x!Ordered a size larger than usual.  The dress was still WAY too small--- returned it. I was disappointed because the dress was very cute.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Annie-Shoes-Women-s-Lola-Slingback-Sandal-Silver-12-W/dp/B00128KVH6/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Annie Shoes Women's Lola Slingback Sandal,Silver,12 W</a>&nbsp;nice shoes but poorly stuckThis is a Christmas gift and I am hoping she likes it.  It is nicely made!Ok these ARE NOT WATERPROOF! The waist is small and the legs are big and they soak right through PLUS you have to wash separately because no fabric softener and you have to line dry. I am going to request a refund.Although they can be adjusted slightly with the Velcro strap, the fit is not close enough to be secure. I like the look and will keep them, but will not wear them anyplace where secure footing is required. I wear Clark's and New Balance exclusively, and love thong shoes. My only change would be to make the fit a bit more snug.Dickies. Color and Fit as expected. No surprises or issues. Pants as advertised.They were exactly how I expected them to be. I usually wear an 81/2 but I ordered 9 to safe and they fit great. Only weird thing is there was a nail or something sharp sticking out of the bottom poking my toe so im not sure what to do.Way too longSince this is supposed to be a cover up, and based on the way it hangs on the model in the photo, I thought this would be a big flowy cover up piece of clothing. However, a better way to describe it would simply be a longer fitted t shirt. The fabric is great and very soft but do not expect a big comfy t shirt because you'll be disappointed.Nice summer hat. I Like the adjustable feature.I've been using it for almost all school year long. It has way more space for my stuff than I imagined. However after 5 months of using my bag the fabric around the zipper teared and the zipper came off but I manged to sew the tear and reattach the zipper so I don't have that problem anymore, but it's upsetting that only 5 months and the bag was already failing me. Around 7 months the rope/string that closes the main part of the bag was starting to come undone and unfortunately there's not much I can do about that so it's all messy now. All in all this bag is probably only good for the occasional use and not school or work because it won't last. Honestly I'm probably not gonna use this bag after the school year is over. Get a better bag for school/work and just pay more money.I wish there was some more material from edge to the lettering as in the example they show. Mine has like an 1/8 inch from left edge to lettering. But, what are you gonna do, live and learn.Nice shirt but the xl is a size small. I'm 5'7 and 140 pounds. Luckily I lost all my baby weight in the first week. It still rises and fits like a size smallVery fashionable and extremely comfortable. Best shoes ever!I needed a navy cardigan and this worked perfectly!Horrible!!!the colour of shoes is different then realDo to the sequence better size up. It fits tight..The material quality of the bag is very good but the design of the opening through which the hanger hooks are inserted is too narrow making it very difficult to load the bag even with three hands.  Someone must make a better bag for under $15, I just haven't found it yet.I am 5'4", 120lbs and size S is huge on me.GreatThis was a child's sizeI returned the size 41 for a 42 and was very satisfied . Very comfortable and nice color - navy.There are lots of exposed threads inside these socks making them easy to catch on your toenails...no matter how good you are at grooming!  Not a great thing.I have four self wind watches.  I have repeatedly put each of them on the winder.  The results are consistent. every watch only runs for less than five minuets. and then stops.  If it were not too much effort, I would send the winder back.  Don't waste your money.LOVEYes! It came and conquered all of my Tim Burton Expectations...yes it did. Just in time for Christmas....Indeed it did.perfectoPretty, but not well made.Body of top and bottoms are small; arms and legs are quite long. This in size medium would be a good fit foe a tall, thin person.Daughter loves them but for some reason the black ones are itchy.I love these calvin jeans. I especially like them during the summer time. Their festive design look great for any occasion. Plus, they fit as well as the<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Rock-Revival-JEANS-Womens-Sora-B18-Boot-Cut-Jean-Style-RJ8266/dp/B00BGSF62C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Rock Revival JEANS-Womens Sora B18 Boot Cut Jean(Style#RJ8266)</a>.  In any case, I would pick these up if you love ankle jeans.ok for the fit but not the durabilityUS manufacturer bastards doesn't make anymore 100% cotton socks,.. Theses UK made are thin,.. and doesn't keep shape..  more for one time use.Great looking watch but it doesn't keep time. I am constantly adjusting it, even after getting the battery replaced and having a watch guy do some maintenance on it.Pretty good for the price. I bought this ring for my daughter and she like itThese shoes would be great except for the lack of good arch support. I have owned 2 other pairs of minimalist running shoes that manage to really wrap your arch tightly. These do not. I had to buy a pair of support inserts to wear these all day. Because I had to buy the inserts they are no longer comfortable for running, I wear them just at work.Beautiful color! I really like it, but the size is a little bit large.It's one of the better full coverage brassieres out there.  I've tried other brands and these ones have the best support and shape.not liking the fabricNothing specialterrible fitThis isn't worth it and is a total ripoffHike mountain trail 5 days a week hold up good!Colors are so far from the picture. Mostly highlighter yellow, pink and lime green.Not quite what it looked like when I ordered the item but ok. A bit disappointed.They are Fit goodThis is a very cute bracelet unfortunately I never got to wear it. When I was opening it in the packaging I couldn't get it to open I had to use scissors I cut right into the braclet. It takes a long time to get it.Just a little more snug than I expected but it looks great.I am by no means a petite girl,but although this watch was beautiful I had to return it because of its shower enormity.Shoe seems to run small.  I wear an 8 in Saucony Kinvara 5 and they fit great.  But these Saucony Triumph ISO 2 make my toes fall asleep.  I would order up a half size so you have some room.  I got the black ones and have gotten a lot of compliments on them.Not really true to sizeNicely made but a bit too small very disappointed because of the tight fit but needed them very badly unhappyArrived on the great fit, it had a un stitched liner on the inside, so I just sewed it my self,Arrived dead not workingI like this top. It is a bit long on my already long body and the color is more of a red color. However, overall I can see myself wearing this often, because it is comfy. So, if you have a short body this is not the sweater for you and if you truly want pink this is not the sweater for you. If you want something that feels like a towel and comfy this is the top for you.So disappointed in this boot :( Not only do they run too small but the fur trim is not at all what is pictured!  The fur trim looked more like what is shown on the two button boot not the butterfly button boot.  I liked how the (Amazon picture) fur was multi-colored and thick looking.  Returning... so disappointed because the picture is super cute.Nice shoe but was at least half size smallMy toller needed new shoes and these worked greatThey could be nice but they seem to ride up quite bad, I'm constantly reaching in my pockets to pull the legs down. I'm sure it looks odd but it's super annoying. I have some Kenneth Cole boxers made of the same material with longer ?inseam?
These are about 4" or so and the kc are 6" and the Kenneth Cole do not ride up like these do.The sole is very soft and comfortable.The leather band is very small.Look good, but are not comfortable.I bought a pair of "gently used" Mizuno Inspire shoes on ebay just to see how they feel before I shell out full price for new.  They feel really different from my usual Saucony shoes--don't know if I like them or not.  The arch feels odd--maybe something I have to get used to!  I probably should have gone a half size bigger if I plan to run/walk in them, but they are OK!Can't say enough good about these boots. They're super comfortable and have become my favorite pair of shoes! Just make sure you buy a half size smaller than you normally wear.This sh*ts garbage after 3 or 4 times of wearing it the black paint started to chip and now the whole inside is whiteLove love love !!!it's absolutely perfect looks exactly like pictured if not better and my son looks darling in it .The heels broke after about 2 wears, and had to be super glued for the shoes to continue to be wearable. It's the worth the extra money to buy a better quality shoe.Returned the set. The pants feel simple but also rugged. The issue that caused me to return them is that the pockets are somewhat small. They won't hold tools like screwdrivers or larger cell phones without them sticking out, and I was concerned about things falling out when sitting down.I can't believe I bought this piece of garbage
DO NOT BUYI lost 15 pounds in my first 2 weeks post-partum. That may have been in part, diet... But my waist was much smaller than my last pregnancy in comparison. I did see a difference after wearing it, but it is not very comfortable... It's difficult to move around in it, especially while always holding an infant and toddler. And depending what position you're in, it can be hard to breathe or eat. It is very visible under clothes so you can't really wear it in public. But it does help with my back pain and posture too.Love!  Lightweight and feels like an extension of my foot.  Fits great!It was too smallSHE LOVEDIt is really thin fabric, if you don't feel comfortable with it, don't buy it.EhThis bikini is lovely only problem was that even the large didn't fit me but other than that is super cute i order a new one but in a larger size hopefully this time it fits.it is so confusing how to figure out the right size to get. the quality is good this is the second time I purchased rose lady since I like the quality of the first one even it is too tight and bites. I tried to ordered again and made sure to get size bigger. unfortunately it was too big this time trying to follow the chart. just a waste of moneyPicture doesn't do it justice won't go  wrong buying  this my sister loves it so much thank youI received a wrong colour ( navy instead of black). I asked the salespeople at the Ecco store and they told me that they do not recognize the colour I received. I think I got a fake pair of Ecco shoes, a pair that is also not comfortable even after a longer period of use.Shirt was a little too small but Good quality.Too long by not wide enoughIt came small n one of the leggings came out all fukes up dnt buy thisI was excited about this jacket, because I thought I finally had found one small enough for my 5'4", 120 pound boyfriend. We struggle finding clothes for him, so when I saw the reviews saying how small this was, I thought it was going to actually work! However, it was way too large. We ordered the size M (American XS) and it fit more like an American size M. I'm disappointed- I will have to be sending it back.They fit great. I am just a bit disappointed in the overall look of the shoe. I thought it was a bit more dressy but it is not. Not for wear with dress slacks for work but good for casual slacks and jeans. my mistakeworst purchase ever made never buying from this seller again. Chain is already changing colorsBeautiful color and made my size 10 look smaller but have a narrow heel and it slipped with every step. Size smaller would have rubbed my toes though.Very comfortable bit the foam flattens after first or second use.  Wouldn't purchase again. Isn't memory foam supposed to bounce back after wearing?Def cute and pretty but the stud part that loops around sat a lot lower on my ear lobe then in the pic. Oh well, giving them to my niecewould be perfect if only it were a bit bigger/looser and the ruffles were "fluffier", fuller.This show seems better looking in the picture than in actuality. They are rather clunky and sound like a cowboy boot walking on hard surfaces. (I'm a teacher. A 4th grade boy in one class asked me "what do you have on your feet??!!) my feet hurt after wearing them all day due to the lack of cushion and minimal arch support.Very nice  works well for around town holds my I pad mini  chafer cord ,I phone ,travel folding brush hand wipes wallet , keys every thing I need for a day out around town. Well not fit I pad air . Just the mini.I bought an XL and it was way too small.
I end up giving it to my girlfriend who is a Medium and even she said it was super snug and couldn't believe it was an XLtoo largeThey came super fast in the mail like a week later, I live in SoCal so that was cool but they didn't really stretch over my calves to still show the print like my 7 year old sister could barely make these work and she weighs 55 pounds. If you're like WAY skinny go for it otherwise probably a waste.they were beautiful and they were very well made but they definitely ran a little snug!they are way to heavy they hang from the back and it just doesn't look good they don't look real when you have them onThese were cute but the sizing was way off.  The tag said the right size that I ordered, but the size was about 2 sizes too large.  It would take too long to grow into, so I returned it.  I wanted to order the size smaller, but it was sold out in the color my daughter and I both liked.  It was a nice shoe though, but the sizing is not as described.Great feeling underware, should of got one size larger.that its not a real Pandora bead so the gold is starting to rub off :-(
But it was good while it lasted!I normally wear a 3X but this in a 4X was still too smallThe shoe is made with a higher heel area which for me was very uncomfortable.The jumpsuit is not true to size, was a bit large. The V-neck was stitched so badly we had to tailor it to keep it from gaping everywhere.  Included belt was NOT the correct size.  When one orders and XL suit, one expects to get an XL belt, not XS!!  Decent enough for Halloween but don't expect it to hold up and prepare yourself to bejewel it because the paint is horrible.Comfortable but already show signs of wear.More comfortable than slippers. Have many Go Walk shoes. You won't be disappointedFits good but the color is bright red not the faded color as pictured.Not as high cut as I expected...probably all relative to the size.  wish I'd realized they don't have a cotton crotch.  I wouldn't have ordered them.quite stylist. I'm usually 91/2 but 9 is perfect . Not stiff like pervious purchased clarks.Would really like to exchange but no information was provided. Nice shoes but would like to wear them not just look at them... poor workmanship & cheap materials ... shoes don't lastNot as durable as my old L.L. Bean backpack or my new Imagine backpack. Worked well while it lasted. Then the seam around the zipper ripped and the bottom frayed, and I had to replace it.While I find my Crocs Mesa clogs very comfortable I've found that the fasteners used to attach the heel straps to the body of the shoe break, detaching the strap.  This has happened on both of the pairs of Crocs that I've owned.  Fortunately, being a fix it kind of guy I've replaced both fasteners. If Crocs would fix this flaw I'd be real fan.Very comfy, nice color. Runs large, I'm size 8 1/2, but I ordered 8, and fit me perfectA little wide and short, and the material is thick but it still seems a bit prone to damage. I would have expected somewhat better from Columbia, but not badgoodThe braided strap is too tight for my feet.  Tried to wear a few times to see if it would stretch out and and it hasn't yet.  Otherwise they seem like they would be comfortable.This is a soft and comfortable nightgown. After trying one, I ordered 3 more. The fabric is perfect and stretchy, and doesnt twist or bunch up while sleeping. The gathered fabric allows for modesty.
It does run really big. I wear a size 10 dress, and the small is roomyThese are not true to size! Very wide and long! I even tried adding a new hole to make them tighter, still didn't fit right. Needless to say these won't be worn.The only reason I am giving this item 3 stars is the band was not marked Hadley Roma like some of the other ones I have purchased in the past so I am unsure of its authenticity.More like the size of a dime --Not a quarter -you smallnice shoes my baby dauther is love ingetokBoys loved itThe shoes ran small and the insole was very sticky. When I walked, it stuck to my foot and made "farting" sounds. They were returned.I'm returning them they're very cheap lookingGreat sizeThese are quite possibly the most uncomfortable Skechers I have ever owned.  They are not soft and comfy like I was hoping.  The soles are very hard and flat and though they don't look like they would be, these are heavy shoes.

I wore these for two hours when I first got them and my knees and hips ached like they never have before.  My joints quit aching after having taken the shoes off for about 30 minutes.  The soles are about an inch thick of hard rubbery material but there is no arch support at all.  Standing on them for any length of time makes me hurt.  The one good thing about them is that they do keep your feet warm.

There is plenty of room in the toe box but that makes you grip with your toes to keep this from sliding off your foot.  I had hoped to wear these this winter as a sort of "house shoe", but because of the pain these create in my legs I will be wearing my Skechers Flex instead.  The Flex shoe is so much lighter and much more supportive even though they look like a biking shoe.I love this suit. I've been obsessed with finding it since I saw it on someone while on vaca. Unfortunately I have a 34D bust and this suit in no way, shape, or form can hold my boobs. Also, it seems to be a little short for my torso (5'6) and I'm not that tall either. It does have underwire and adjustable straps. All in all a great looking suit on the model. I however, will be finding something more accommodating for the beach.not have the enough resistance to waterI thought I was getting six colors, but I only received green, purple, and gold. They are thin and flimsy, but I expected that much for the price.I do like this purse, but I wish I had ordered another color. Even though it is leather the color of the brown reminds me of a cheaper Walmart knock off. It has a lot of storage and utilizes the purse handle strap for storage with zipper closures. The cc zippers are very hard to see and I like that very much. I have had multiple concealed carry purses and for the most part they look like cc purses and this one does not.
I would like the strap to be longer and I would like to see them add a cut resistant wire in the shoulder strap. Over all I like it for a trip to the grocery store and such, but would not recommend it for use in high tourist areas.They are a little brighter of a red than I expected. They are comfortable, but have that 'going to fall apart any minute' feel to them.Wonderful seller.  Not only great price but quick ship.  I was actually shocked to receive them prior to Christmas rush.

The only problem I had is with sizing as they don't come in half sizes it was recommended to size up.  I spoke directly with manufacturer who told me that they actually run a 1/2 size bigger than normal so they suggest rounding down.

Great boot, great shipper just a little big for daughter but great otherwise.They were a little too light on my face,  for my tastes.Not that  great after several wears/washes. About right for the priceIt was a little large on me, and they look like pajama pants and can't be worn out in public. The fabric is soft but synthetic. They are also somewhat see through. I do not think they are worth the price.Have to sended backThe suit is very cute, but the bottoms ride quite low.These shoes are just what my daughter wanted and she loves them. They are true to size!I ware a size zero, so I know it is not a matter of me being a large girl. These thigh highs squeeze your legs at the top so it looks like you have leg muffin tops! Lol. I will be returning these.Very light weight and compact for traveling/backpacking . I am 5'8" and they just aren't long enough for me , otherwise they would be perfect .This vest actually isn't very warm compared to other companies like Columbia and loses more feathers than I would like. It's also sized small so if you usually wear a large, buy extra large. I bought both a large and extra large because I usually wear large and the extra large was the one that fit. The large went to my dad but in the end we both thought the quality was lacking.I ordered this Camisole to wear as an extra long layering piece.  Having ordered from another company before, I think I had it in my head that this would be super stretchy lengthwise.  While it is a nice fabric and sized to fit a large...which I ordered, it has no stretch for length.  I like that it is a sized camisole but probably won't order any more of this particular brand as it doesn't meet my personal needs.The dress arrived damaged with a slit through it about 2 inches long. Completely unfixable due to the type of fabric. VERY DISAPPOINTED in the quality.I bought two of these purses-one for my mom and one for myself.  The purse itself is really cute, but the color is not as it looks in the picture. I bought this thinking it was a really cute shade of orange ( even though it says brown) and different from anything else I have.  The color is more of a caramel brown.  Still a cute purse at a good price!Thin and flimsy with unsightly seamThe pattern is fun. The foot bed of the sock is very comfortable, while the area above the ankle is very tight. When I take them off, I have a squeeze indent for an hour. Glad I bought at a reduced price!This is not a suit, it is a pair of coveralls. The difference is a coverall is meant to be worn over clothing, and with a flight suit you'd have actual pockets. So reaching into a pocket doesn't result in grabbing your bare leg. (My pilot uncle explained it to me when on Halloween I was like, "Why the hell are these pockets just holes?" It's pretty thin and feels like you could rip it with a good tug of the zipper but I am happy with the look and fit of it.I like these for bed and they are very comfortable, but one of them had a seam that came undone the first time I wore them.My daughter loves it!thank you!I think they make my legs look long and lean. If only I could zip them up without the material puckering.I love coat and hat sets.  It is the perfect set for when we go to church.  The hat could be a little bigger, but by the time she truly grows out of it she won't need it.Green pigment faded off with in a weekThis ring was pretty big. I wanted it for my middle toe but the ring was much too big for that toe, so I had to put it on my pointer toe and even still it's big. So just be aware, especially if you have small toes! (I think my toes are average size) The quality is really nice though, and there's a nice weight to it.Runs very small I have to return it.the color, the length, the ruffles at the bottom, all amazing!! although it doesn't fit me that well and i wish i would of gotten a size smaller, it has nice adhesive like parts on the top so it doesn't fall down, but like i said mine does because the whole dress is too big. The belt is also obviously lower quality, but it is still so cute and if you are super carefully it won't break apart! i do really like this dress, i am thinking maybe getting it hemmed or giving it to a friend :)Not wide enough for 4 eI've bought a pair of these every year as everyday.  They're not cheap looking like so many Ugg look alike.  I get compliments all the time.  They're warm, cushiony & comfy.

Downside:  They are not waterproof, and a pair only lasts me a year, but in fairness, I wear them a LOT.great bra but runs small, order the next size up. I ordered small as my usual size is extra small and i think i needed like a medium or even large.It was more tangled than the picture shows because it comes folded in its plastic bag. Still worked fine for the costume.My daughter fits perfectly in size 12 months from other brands.  So,  i bought this size 12 for her first birthday and,  like many other reviewers,  waited until the last minute to try it on.  The onesie was huge and the skirt kept falling off.  Conveniently, i had purchased another skirt and headband (for just in case) from another brand - so,  i used this onesie (because it was the only party one i had) and used the other skirt.Inaccurate. NOT REAL TURQUOISE.For the price i know it will not  last much, i only use it one day, is smaller than it appears, the craftsmanship is cheap. Broken the very first day i used it. For that  price you can buy something better in a department store. The colors are similarMy mistake was listening to the review posted and ended up ordering a size smaller for my boyfriend and it was to small. Returning for a larger size, his correct size. I highly suggest ordering your correct size. BUT as far as the shirt looks, he loved it.Returned. Felt cheap. No prob return. Thanks AmazonArrived quickly. Fit as expected. They are soft and comfy.I ordered a pink size S.  As others have mentioned the pink color is much more neon than it appears.  The sleeves could be a little longer.  The length in the torso is nice but the designers didn't account for women having hips.  This is what makes the fit lose around the waist.I opened the package and the sweater was soaked in diesel fuel or kerosene . washed it 3 times and it still stinks. it had several flaws where the sewing was on sleeves and fringe was sown to the sweater. Biggest mess i have ever seen. I will not ever buy from this company again. i started to call  the  police because of the order. i burned it up.It's too late to return these, but these shoes are definitely more small and narrow than the normal Clarks 8.5 medium, which I consistently fit into. I typically don't even have to think about my size when ordering Clarks- I'm ALWAYS an 8.5 medium in all of my Clarks shoes (and I probably own 20 pairs), and this is the first pair that I've ever had that seemed too small. I am hoping they stretch out because even with thin socks on these are tight.  I love the look of these clogs- rough, dark brown leather with a little texture- just hate they way they feel.If you're ok with fake leather then it's a good purse. I tired it and I'd rather pay a few bucks more for the real thing.The look of the boot was very nice. My only negative feedback would be that they do not come in half sizes. I ordered the 7 hoping it would fit , but it didn't. I had no problem in returning the boots and receiving a full refund.This is so thin I think my daughter is afraid to wear it. It looks like it'll dent and break as pictured in these previous posts. I wish I'd of read before I'd bought this gift for Christmas. This may be sent back.I have found this Watch okay but very difficult to set.. I especially find that the Instructions on how to set the Watch or not clear and specific enough and as of a consequence I will never buy another one. As sellers of products you look mostly to young people. Do you know where the money is, its in the hands of the old people. For crap sakes start catering some what to us old people. I have 4 grown children, 12 Grandchildren and 15 Great Grandchildren and you neglect us, and where do you think our buying and money goes for Christmas.
SEMPER FI
J.FRED PATEVery good shoe!  They have good ankle support, which is hard to find.  I will say they are snug but to me that feels good around my foot. I like them and would buy them again.cute but too smallWay too small, not 20mmthese run REAL small.  the x-large was like a medium.  I'm somewhat big.  my waist size is 36.  these are snug.This product is not a women's medium. I'm a size 4 and I could not zip up the back zipper of the medium. Also the stockings shown in the photo are not delivered with the costume.poor quality and the red crystals look like plasticThe fit is good on this socks. I am used to the Hanes athletic short socks and I wasn't expecting the much thinner sock, but they will be good for the Summer as a more casual sock.This item came in with a lot more white than expected.I had no problem with it being tangled up.  Came tangle free.  I really like the chain it is dainty but looks classy.I love it!Its ok had to glue the tip on it but it was cheap an plastic so just ok . .I am a steady size 8 yet the 8 did not fit (too small as well as being too narrow as other shoppers have mentioned). Ordered the 8.5 and amazingly, still the same problem. Sad as I love the style.This is my second time purchasing these golf sandals - they fit well and are comfortable.  The Velcro straps broke on my first pair after 3 seasons of golfing.  I like this style because they are not as clunky looking as other brands and they have replaceable spikes.
OK I JUST WORE THESE SANDALS FOR THE 3RD TIME AND THE STRAP IS OFF AND A CLEAT IS MIISSING AND I ONLY RIDE IN A CART, NO WALKING. TRYING TO SEND THEM BACK, IT'S SEPTEMBER 18 AND I'M TOLD SEPTEMBER 14 WAS THE LAST DAY FOR RETURNS.  THESE SANDALS COST $90!!! AND NOW THEY ARE USELESS.The necklace was absolutely beautiful, it looks like the pictures. It did take a while to get here but it was worth the waitI was not given an option to choose a size.  When the coat arrived it was too small around the arms.  No way would I have been able to wear a blouse/sweater under it.  Arms were too small. I would still love to have this product if I could choose the size.Little man looks fabulous wearing these!I'm still on the fence about this boot.  It's about 1/3 the price of other boots I'm trying, but it fits well and is roomy enough.  The problem is that there is no feeling of cushioning in the foot.  I thought about buying a nice sheepskin or other foot insert, but I'm not sure I'll bother.  I may just stick with a boot that has everything straight out of the box.I ordered 5 of these for a musical performance for some teens.  I knew the risk...I'd read the reviews.  Plus, it was a 7 dollar scarf.  Risk taken.  They looked maaaaavelous from afar. :)  We loved the flowing, feminine design, but they weren't of consistent quality.  One out of the five was near perfect except for the weird and random nylon threads/string poking out everywhere (easily trimmed if you're patient enough to sit and do that).  Most of the others' roses were smashed beyond repair.  As they were acrylic, we were afraid to wet, steam, or iron them in some way to reshape.  Some of it may have had to do with the packing as they're just folded up and wrapped in a tight, individual plastic sleeve/bag (perhaps some cardboard somewhere to hold shape would help?).  BUT I think it had more to do with how the roses were sewn.  Some just looked like they were made better.  Due to the way the rose is incorporated into the scarf, it cannot be removed (cut out) without leaving a hole the size of the rose in the material.  For the costumes, some of the girls just hid the rose by wrapping it differently.  It is a cute fashion scarf if you are lucky and get a nice one....or if you move around fast enough for people not to notice a deformed rose.  Maybe they shipped me the duds that the other reviewers sent back??? :(  Good luck!works great for the priceI hated these panties.  I think they are skimpy and cheap.  I will use them for rags to clean up small messes.  I should have known!  :-(Overall, these are great and a smart purchase if you travel frequently.  I travel very often for work, usually a week or two at a time.  I have about a dozen of these in different sizes from different brands.  The quality of the packing cubes is on par with the Amazon ones, but a little lower quality than eBags.  The eBags ones have higher quality zippers but also cost quite a bit more.  For the price, the Bagail ones are a good option.  I bought them on an Amazon Lightning Deal for about $16.  As long as you aren't too rough or overpack them, they should last quite a while.

From having to travel frequently, I can tell you these are a real time saver and convenience.  I can keep certain things packed and in my suitcase in between trips and do a little repacking before I hit the road.  My suitcase is nice and organized and everything stays put while I travel.  When I get to the hotel, it takes me less than 5 minutes to unpack.  I just grab the packing cubes and put them in the drawers, unzip them, fold back the top cover and I'm done.  It's also nice because sometimes the hotel drawers are a little dirty.  Definitely recommend buying packing cubes if you are a frequent traveler.  Look at a couple different brands and just buy the ones with the best deal.My goddaughter loved the bracelet. Do you carry the God Mother version of it? I would love to purchase itRuns very small, arms, waist and all, Returned itemdid not get the colors diplayed. i only bought these for the multicolored ones, and i literally only received one. not even a pair. Also besides the One rainbow one all the paint has chipped off the others so i have 9 silver barbells. giving two stars because i do wear them alotDon't buy both the carved lucky totem flower bracelet and this one, as they are the same design, but one is curved in and one is curved out. But still for the price, is a nice enough bracelet.run very very smallthey are greatI was so excited about these shoes-they looked like would be so comfortable. They just didn't fit well..They were too loose around the heel. They had the potential to be so comfortable but even with all the straps I was still walking out of them. Disappointing!!This duffle bag is good for overnight trip.a very comfortable shoes we were going To use them as a gift but they were a little bother than we spectedSized a little on the smaller side; I would order a size up.  The finger pads on the gloves for smart phone technology did not work for me but thats ok because thats not why I bought them.  Not the warmest gloves ever but they will serve their purpose for now.

UPDATE  from my previous review..I have worn these gloves three times and there is already a big hole in one of the fingers.  It just opened up on its own.  Touch fingers pads do not work either incase thats why you might be considering them.  Do not waste your money.These boots look just like the picture and perform well in moderately cold weather (0 and up). Shipping was prompt. It took a long time to break them in: the pieces of leather on the instep dug into my leg, causing pain for awhile. wear 2 pairs of socks I guess. It's getting better now or else I'm used to it.Absolute must for me now when I travel, makes packing a breeze and keeps things from getting as wrinkled.  Not sure how, but makes more room in my suitcases, too.  Will always use these when I travel now.  Great for clothes as well as toiletries.I returned these after I got them. I wanted them for my wedding shoes but they would have given me blisters for sure!Our 12 lb baby did not fit in the 1-3 month old size that was shipped to us. All other 3 month old clothing we own fits fine. Possibly a sizing issue. Haven't taken the time to send it back and fight with seller on sizing yet. Busy with life after having our first baby so shipping and things of that nature keep getting side tracked.Very bad fabric. low quality. I would not buy this again.These shoes are the only style I can wear due to my hip.  I am very disappointed with this pair only a week into wearing them the left shoe design is coming unglued.  All the front section.  For as much $ I spend I am disappointed.Nice robe but much smaller than size indicatesGood kick around shoesI bought these because my favorite pair are the same... I thought. They were a little bigger. Not by much at all. Still love my fav pair, but I wear these just as often. Not bad for purchasing online.I am generally pleased with this shirt from Wrangler. I prefer 100% cotton shirts so full marks there. I'm about 5'9" to 5'10" and 160 pounds. I took the large and I find the fit is excellent. A little roomy, but that's what I prefer, especially in a casual shirt.

I like to walk a mile or two every day and I did so while wearing this shirt. Both days were warm and somewhat humid. I know that if I had been wearing a regular cotton polo, it would have had some damp spots by the time I got back, and this Wrangler did as well. Nevertheless, I found it very comfortable in the heat.

I've worn and laundered the shirt twice (machine wash cold, tumble dry low) and it looks as good as it did when new--almost. I make it a practice to remove shirts from the dryer while they are still damp and let them complete drying on a hanger. This one mostly "presses out" by the time it dries but does retain a few wrinkles. I'm happy to wear it that way, but if you like to have a nattier appearance, you might want to bring out the iron.

I would characterize the color as a dark red. Many years ago, I had a Camaro which was the same color and Chevy called it "Wine." I think that's a better description of this color.I found that the band did not lay flat.  That was observed immediately.  I am not sure if this has to do with the fact I wear a large size bra.  The cups seemed unusually small compared to my other bras but held what was necessary.  Support is fair.  The best part is it is comfortable and a lot of that has to do with the fact there is no underwire.  I had high hopes this would be a comfortable solution for me but it is not a bra I will wear outside of the house.I am guessing I won't get too many wears out of these.  Nice color but more like string.I don't usually buy clothing items made in China but needed a comfy piece for foot surgery recovery and I grew up wearing Lanz products.
This nightgown fits as expected, washed and dried well with very minimal shrinkage. The pockets are useful and while the shoulders fit perfectly the body is voluminous (that's a good thing for cuddling up). The fabric is standard cotton flannel, not too heavy and not flimsy either. The Peter Pan collar is just that and sits properly as it should.
For the price I had expected much better finishing: the button holes started to unravel after one wash, needing reinforcing and there were, and continue to be, lots of threads sticking out of the seams which needed to be trimmed away. The white cotton trim around the collar and cuffs is fraying and also needs trimming. I undo all the buttons before washing/drying so they are still in place. Unfortunately this is NOT the Lanz flannel nightgown of yesteryear but it passes for imported goods of today. Will not be purchasing another Lanz for this price.Cute but too small. Size 10 was too small even though I sometimes fit size 9 shoes.NiceVery thin fabricWe bought my son the babiators blue small and the black large in July. My son wore his black pair for about a month and managed to twist the frames to where the screw came 3/4 off.  Of course i returned it and amazon replaced it with a new one. A month later the blue pair did the same thing.Love it, but wished I had ordered one size up, of course they show it with a tank & I wore it over my regular sweater as sort of a jacket. It is cut quite narrow & I wear a bra size 32 G. I usually wear it open but love the front closure.Watch is great.  Strap is lowsy.  Way too stiff and doesn'stay closed.These are very nice. They are a bit large but was able to wear after putting a bit of tissue in the front.The pictures on the website are deceiving. Legs of products are much shorter. I am returning and buying more Underarmor.Very disappointed.. You send me another  different size I asked ... you send me size 11 and I asked for 7.5, it was a gift,  and I remains very sorry for the mistake of you,  now the shoes are in other country and anybody cant wear it because are too big sizeThese flats are super cute, but the sizing is completely off. I usually wear a 9 1/2, but they don't come in that size so I got them in a 10. Usually when I wear a size 10 I have a bit of wiggle room for my toes. These flats are extremely tight and smushed the living crap outta my feet. My toes were completely purple when I took the flats off! I'm so disappointed, but I gave 2 stars because they're still really cute.Just what I needed. The right size and they stay tied.The hood is heavyweight with nice material and looks very nice, but the string/tassel at the neck broke the first time I wore it--probably because the material is so heavy.  Overall, I would recommend it to others, but I was disappointed that the string broke because that is where I usually attach a safety pin to keep the heavy hood off of my neck during graduation.Nice quality, a little bit loose for me that i usually wear size 2Fell apart same day as recieved! Poor quality!\not what I expected, nice but not greatIt was not exactly as picturedDoes not look like the picture and fit was very small. I gave the top to my daughterVery nice. I receive lots of compliments on these boots.Fits big in the toe box, and I have a very wide foot. 10.5 size and the heel cuts into my ankle after a week of wear every day to work.I've always wanted Frye boots. It's pretty silly, but whatever. They are a brand that stands for quality. I purchased these because they were on sale and it was almost to good to be true. I purchased the size that I buy in most boots without doing any research on specific Frye fit. They are JUST the right size. With thick socks, my toes go numb. I'd return them, but the size up was an additional $100. I'm hoping with time they stretch out or I'll just take them to a cobbler and have them do it.

More importantly, though, they are real Frye boots, as far as I can tell, which makes them at leasts worth the cost. I would suggest getting two sizes and returning the one that doesn't fit right. Or just research!The chain is too light and colour is too yellowish. It feels cheap. Its good for some people who don't mind class and qualityThese sandals are ok.  They're comfortable, look ok [not fancy, but not cheapy-cheapy either], but my biggest complaint about them is that the materials, especially in the insole, make my feet sweaty.  Half-way through the day, I feel like I need to wash my feet.  :(
They also caused blisters wear the upper straps crossed the top of my feet the first time I wore them.I love the support of Vionic shoes, but these were so uncomfortable. The leather is extremely stiff in the whole shoe, but especially in the back of the heel. This causes the heel to rub. They also fit smaller than any other Vionic shoe I've tried. I normally wear a 7.5 medium and had to return them for an 8. Unfortunately, the heel rubbing happened with both sizes -- it seems to be from the design and material of the shoe, rather than the fit. Very disappointed.These boots are well made. Quality all around. However I ordered 11M which was too large. I returned for a 10m.Very cute; nice color; nice heel. The edge of the top front part of the shoe digs into toes, however.It came damaged this is the 1st problem I've had with bearpaws . I've ordered. Many times before...Love this style. Just wish I would have ordered the smaller size.Beautiful bracelet. It is a. It thinner than I was expecting, but I'm still really happy with my purchase.Bought this ring as a replacement band for one that I had. It is very sharp on the edges, so much so that I cannot wear it. It is beautiful and simply stunning, just too sharp!Received an empty box....This shoe looks great on, but it is not made to be worn. The strap around the ankle was very large and had to be cut. The shoe was  worn one evening and was extremely uncomfortable. I contacted the seller about a return and they very bluntly told me since I had worn it there was nothing they can do. I even told them I was writing a negative review and they didn't care. So.... stay away from these shoes and any other sold by this company.I ordered 2 bracelets, they came in a very nice black box,I opened the first one, and many chips have already fallen off the bracelet and you can see the fish line hooking these up. I opened the second one, again, chips have fallen off and you can see them in the box, and this one I don't see as much of the fish line hooking the chips as much.

I have order a smilar bracelet from another site, and I wore that one many times and not one chip falls out and not one bit of the string that ties the chips together is seen at all.

Bad hand craft. Very unhappy with purchase.They are beautifulGreat pants! They fit well and they the perfect weight. Not too thin or thick.It's okay, I gave it to my nephew. I wasn't sure if it'd fit, and it didn't. Said "one size fits most." But I just have too much hair (dreadlocks). It's just impossible to tell if something is going to fit with an ambiguous size description. Would have been better if some kind of measurement was given.The compression shirt has potential to be perfect after the company fixes a few design flaws. If the flaws I mention don't bother you, it's still a great quality shirt.

It is made out of a spandexy slightly strechable but firm shape holding material. This is great for exercise and overall wanting to look slimmer under any outfit. I made my father try it on. I bought it in his normal shirt size and he had difficulty stretching it over his shoulders because the body was too narrow for his shoulders to pass through easily. Once he got it on, the shirt compressed well and felt comfortable. One thing he didn't like was the armpit area came up a bit too high for him and he wished that the arm straps went a little lower on his collarbone.

DISCLAIMER: I RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT AT A DISCOUNT IN EXCHANGE FOR MY HONEST REVIEW. ALL OPINIONS BOTH POSITIVE AND NEGATIVE ARE MY OWN. I WAS NOT PAID TO REVIEW THIS PRODUCT.The sizing chart is wrong. My ring is way to big. His ring fits. I'm not satisfied at all.While this shirt is well made, fits great, and looks good, it is NOT "Wrinkle Free" as stated.  They came out of the package wrinkled.  I washed and dried them exactly as the instructions said and they were still too wrinkled to wear.  I bought these shirts so I WOULDN'T have to iron.Runs small. Small did not fit me and I wear size 2.Love the shoes. However, there is absolutely no arch support!Don't waste your money. Poorly made.I love these shoes, great slip on feel, professional look and take a shine nicely the only problem is the original sole is ridiculously prone to wear. I walk on the outer and rear of my heel and after a year of wearing these periodically the soul would be ground to the cheap plastic base they ship with. The original pair I got in brown ground down after about a year as well, luckily I found a nice shoe store in the city that replaces the heel entirely with a solid wood core and a much more resistant bottom heel. Since placing these new heels on all 3 of my Madden shoes I've found much longer durability...hopefully I won't have to get a new sole on either of them for at least another year.

that said I wonder why there aren't carbon fiber soles! I'd pay 20 bucks extra if it meant a sole that can go for 5 years without wearing down or more.

Any way great shoe otherwise.The quality of the T-Shirt is poor, and it is not as good as the Orginal one, I bought it I thought the seller was Lacoste company, but I recognized after I had seen the quality of the T-shirt wasn't that good.I am not happy I received 2 different earrings!The fit is perfect. Quality material - soft and stretchy. The only thing was I was expecting more of a nursing function (pull down flap or something) out of it since they're call nursing pajamas, but they're more just like regular pajamas.I didn't like the fabric. The legs were twisted like a lot of levi brands. They just didn't fit the bill for price.i followed the guidelines and did not touch any buttons when the watch was wet.  However, the glass clouded over and the digital display disappeared.Everlasting gift. Very strong and would not fade or change colour. Best gift i ever purchased.Runs a little big and stretches out a little too readily, but overall nice.  I use it as a nightshirt.The coat arrived as scheduled.  However, all the buttons on the right side were so poorly attached that they had to be re-sewn.  It was then discovered that the there is a tear in the right pocket.  The tear is along the seam and can be easily fixed.  The nuisance of this self-help remedy required was almost enough to return the product.

I no longer associate the brand "London Fog" with quality coats.Box says it's brown, but it's black insteadVery thin and lightweight.its a beautiful watch but the digutal time is toooo dark to see.Rusn way too small.  Not wide at all.Excellent buy!They arrived way sooner than expected and fitted perfectly!! I read that some people had problems with the sizes but I went ahead and ordered my normal shoe size and I'm really glad I did!!Just received this from an REI closeout sale at $235.00.  When I picked up the box I swore that they gave me an empty package. This jacket is unbelievably lightweight...literally.  I wore it briefly on a windy day in the mid-teens and was not even close to cold.  I have owned a lot of "tech" gear over the last 20 years but this jacket has to be in the top 3 most impressive items I have ever owned.  However, there are some crucial things that are not acceptable from a jacket in this category. First, I hate snap or Velcro or any kind of adjustable cuffs. I feel like Arc'teryx has so many jackets out there with a nice tapered, clean cut cuff why put an archaic 2-snap option on such a hi-tech piece of clothing. Second, there is no way to cinch the waist or hip area to keep out drafts. And, I know the outer layer is made of one or Gore's latest materials, but it is crinkly. I thought it would be more of a quiet, soft-shell material but it looks like every other semi-shiny piece of synthetic material and certainly makes an audible noise when you walk or move.  Finally, I know this jacket is supposed to be a more low profile piece of urban wear, but if they are going to go ahead and put a sloppy piece of fabric with snaps at the cuffs, they could've easily made an outer chest pocket. The 3 outer pocket design is so popular that you hardly see a soft-shell without it.  It's simple, phone is the chest pocket, wallet in the right hand pocket and keys in the left hand pocket.  Yeah, it has an inner chest pocket but who wants to keep zipping and unzipping the jacket to access something. By getting it at almost half price I desperately want to keep this jacket. However, as mentioned, there are some crucial things that do not work for me.After three months strings are coming loose around the zipper and one of the eyelets has come off.  They are very stylish and my daughter loves them, they just need a little better quality.I purchased this shoe for my husband. He loves ECCO shoes and wears them forever. This pair did not disappoint. He liked these shoes- the look, the fit, and the price, so much that he bought a second pair in black. This is a great value for a wonderful pair of shoes.Had to return due to size was somewhat larger than expected.  Great boot though.The quality of the stones/gems are good but the band that holds them together is too tight and cheap. When I was putting the bracelet over my hand and onto my wrist it busted. I prefer bracelets with the fabric elastic bands which are tougher than the rubber bands these are made with.There's no elastic in the straps, which cause the fit to be looser than expected, especially with frequent use.This shoe is well made but not the best choice for walking. Having been a Reebok wearer for years, I was disappointed at how heavy it felt. When I switched back to my other Reeboks I felt like I was walking on air. The other problem is the stiffness around the top. There is no give when trying to put your foot in. and even worse, it rubs against my ankle as I walk. I wanted a dark shoe for winter but I'm not sure this is the best choice. Hopefully I'll be able to "break it In" but I'm not optimistic.I love the coat. It is super cozy and warm. I can use it on it's own into the low 30s Fahrenheit. Below that as, as a layer. I often add a wrap too. I'm 5'2", 115 pounds and find the small fits well, but just a little smaller than I would prefer. In retrospect, I would have preferred a medium.The material is on the thin side.  It's fine for the summer.  Also, it is too boxy for my taste.  I bought it because the price is right and I have to wear collard shirts at my job.I loved these sandals when I first received them.  They are very comfortable and attractive.  However the heel strap is ridgid and fixed, thus your heel constantly rubs.  For me, blisters set in after a few hours of walking.  Teva needs to allow a floating heel strap such as that on the Terra-fi or Hurricane.  This would eliminate the rubbingThese shoes are good to look at.. but that's it cause they are very uncomfortable.Got this to accessorize an outfit for a 1920s themed event and it was perfect. Packaged in a nice fabric pouch inside a sturdy box. Arrived promptly.I like that it was cheap and cute and brown.
This booty is also perfect for the topping of a diaper cake along with a cowgirl hat!!Are somewhat see through.The heels are to wide so blisters are a problem.  Ive had them awhile and no change.Beautiful watch, was very excited to have it. This watch is slow on time, Initially I did time setup and was working great for two working days. Over the weekend I didn't wear the watch. Next working day, Monday, it was showing more than a hour lag, almost 65 minutes behind the actual time. I thought might be I messed something. I did time setup again, but back in my mind I was thinking how come it went back an hour.. So I did a test on Wednesday, I didn't wear for next two days. I checked again after couple of days, guess what, it again lagged almost an hour. If you wear it work fine otherwise ready for inaccurate time which can be misleading and can cause serious delay's, thank god I have cell phone ;)I love the lenses have bought more than 5 of these. They are way too tight though, I don't have a large head. I found out if you heat the arms and spread them out they will fit.it fitsGood quality. Fast service.A bit short for my husband who is 6' 1".I purchased these in hopes they would give me more protection when dancing on hot concrete at outdoor festivals and fairs.  Wore them to and from a festival last weekend and performed easily dancing on concrete.  As others have said, the material is not very giving.  I tried the style on at a local dance shoe store before buying so knew I'd need a size larger than my street size to keep it from squeezing in on my big toe.Espectacular. No deja de usarla.the outfit is cute and warm but mine came with 2 holes in it  other then that my daughter loves it im in the middle of trying to get them to replace it nowIt was not clear to me that it was not a scrub set, but just a Top and I was disapointed about that. The image was confusing altough the description could lead you to the right information.Love itCuteThey are way to long and wide and made of cheap material.Good quality range bag.  Not overly large; I have enough room for Wiley X case, larger size ear protection, a few boxes of ammo, and a small first aid pouch in the main compartment.  You might be able to put a few handguns in it as well, but I keep them on myself in holsters, not in the bag.  The other miscellaneous pouches are handy for other various small items and some more ammo.  I like the pouches for water bottles - nice touch.  The shoulder strap is not overly long, but I'm using it as a range bag, not a man purse.It's nice and very roomy for a clutch but i didn't quite expect the amount of glitter that would be falling off of this thing...SMSLL SMALL SMALL. Order up at least a full sze if you want this ring. Seem to be having sizing issues with this supplier.Don't really like how tight the front pockets are and how far forward they are. Otherwise they fit great and were exactly as expected
Edited: these are falling apart faster than the pair i bought at Wal-Mart... Seems to be lower quality online...?These shorts have a net liner, other than having to cut that out they are very nice, somewhat small but I like the way they look.Really  cute shirtBeautiful!!
I really like it!Sizes run smallThey are nice, but I recomend to select one size higher. They are really extremely slim. I bought two in different colors and I had to return one of them. The other I did not returned since my son removed the tag. However the return process was quick and easy to do. The vendor was understanding and the money was place back on my card fast.Simply garbage. Cheap materialThe material is nice and soft. They are a bit too short and I am 5'2". And they smelt chemically when I got them.It lasted about 4 months. I didn't spend a lot of money for it. But, I expected it would last for about one year.goodpretty. Ring looks just like the picture, but it is starting to change color .Bought these as a rain boot they run somewhat small. If you want a roomy boot size up.  Good priceVery smalllooks perfect on hand and quite precise.The style is cool, but when I tried to adjust the strap, it broke. Now I have to be careful or else I'll have to glue the pieces back together.I would have liked it if it had come close to fitting. I would guess ordering two sizes larger than you normally wear. Bummer.What I was looking for in shoes.  They are very comfortable and great for dealing with TSA security at airportsI've had the belt about a year when it shattered into three parts.  The belt looked like new but broke in three different places.very goodbought this exact one and it looks nothing like the picture- the detail is very needle point- not as smooth as pictured- I think its a misrepresentation completely- they clearly had some kind of photoshop filter whatever cuz in person it looks like the cheap ones at the drugstore. Stitching is huge- picture looks like fine thread it is sooooo not.Nice looking watch.good for play and work. Accurate time and easy to change date and correct time. This is my second watch already.the first one is still working perfectly. Got this one for change of color .value wise this the best.I love the shoes fit is great.goodone of the stones is rattling around in the prongMy size is a ten and they are too small.
I wore them out so I can't return.  Expensive for nothing.  Don't run true to sizeFit very comfortablelyHave owned the watch for 13 months and ran into the same issue as the other comments. The watch has stopped winding while on my wife's wrist. Even if I wind the bezel the watch only runs for 2-3 hours before dying. I am in the process of working with Amazon to have it looked at as the watch is still under Amazon's Warenty Program.Got this for discounted price. The material is thinner than I was expecting.  Lightweight though.Im 55 145. Large fits comfortably all around except its about 4 inches too longfit is too tightThe sizing is always wonky with Fluevogs, so be careful when ordering. I read the reviews and based on others, picked my regular shoe size, boy was that the wrong move for me! The shoes were much too small. I would have had to go up at least a half size. They are lovely though...It is cute but its too tight for even 3 month baby n it says upto 6 month..ridiculous. waste of money..I wear a 5, medium width so the shoes should have been a perfect fit for me.  They weren't.  I was at a wedding rehearsal and then dinner so perhaps it was because I was on my feet, but I couldn't wait to get back to the hotel and rip them off.Luggage is beautiful but did not hold up . I bought this luggage at a great price, arrived fast looks beautiful ... I took it on a trip to Barbados  when I arrived the zippers had opened from the reverse end.  being as though I had three pieces of luggage there was no reason to over pack. When I went to retrieve my luggage from the carousel the zippers on the largest piece were broken. O. The return trip the outside of the luge were ripping at the stitchesGood quality product.I also loved this tote that I received as a gift. After 6 weeks of normal wear, one of the straps broke off on one side where it was stitched in. I have let the Kate Spade company know and asked them to repair or replace it, but I doubt that is going to happen. Will try to get it repaired locally.Nice hat but not what I expected.The pictures don't display just how open the backs are. I thought they were all like the pink panties which are primarily displayed in the pictures. Just a small window on the backside. However, the majority of them are almost completely "assless" and have nothing but straps around the behind. These were a gift for a special lady and we both did not like them for this reason. Also they seem to run a bit large. We got the smallest size and they're a bit big on her. She's about 5'5'', 120lbs for reference.item is flimsy and will breakCute! Came in quickly. It fits as expected. I'm usually a small. I ordered a small. It fits great. 5'3" 126 lbs. The material is not soft. I didn't wash it, but it might be softer if washed ahead of time.I have one Hanes cotton panties for years even bought them a couple of times at Walmart. Never have they been rough cotton  and itchy on my skin. These are horrible. I even asked my husband to feel the difference in an old pair compared to the new pair .  There have been washed at least 50 times and they're still thicker then the new pair and are tighter woven.  I've washed this group of underwear four times now hoping get would get softer, no luck so far. I've never worn jockey but I think I'm going to try themDisappointing... the zip broke irrevocably on the second use, with zip teeth coming right off.I was really looking forward to wearing this but surprisingly, the seller sent me the wrong size. I ordered a Large because other reviewers said that they run smaller, but I received an Extra Large. I normally wear a small so a large would have been two sizes over for me, so it would have fitted. Was a total waste of money especially after paying a fortune for shipping. I believe they charge a restocking fee so it wasn't worth returning. I am now skeptical about buying online and this will probably be my last order online.Looks fine but heavy material - for winter onlyGreat shoes! The band across is made for people with a wider foot than mine but otherwise the shoes are great.The material is awesome...too big. I wanted to return, but the return limitations of this product lead me to believe that id waist my money shipping it back hopping for a refund. Needless to say I kept them. Maybe I'll find someone else to gift them to. Very dissapointed.She says it is not soft, which i agree, it feels like a towel. She said she don't want it, because of the cheap towel feeling. it will be going backThe absolute best sandals on the market..I'm a half size, so I erred on the side of caution and sized down. They were way too small. I love the Sanuk brand, so I returned them and purchased a different style loafer from them in a size larger.It was nice but the chest was too big and it feels like a shell around your chest area. The gems at the top move around and look kind of weird sometimes.Third day of use, lock decided not to work anymore.  Had to borrow tools from the hotel to cut the zipper pulls.  Ugh.This dress is beautiful, especially the lace(or mesh?) is so elegant. The lacy sleeves looks delicate, so I have to pay attention to let my daughter wear it. The dress is longer than I expected, the hem of the dress reaches her ankles. My daughter is 29.75" tall.It's kinda small but it's ok5'8" and they come about 4 inches over my knees.  I was hoping they would make it to mid/high thigh.Looked great until it began to tear. Bought it for my daughter to wear during a play. It didn't hold up and we had to painfully remove between shows.It's huge on my 7 year old daughter.Beautiful, seems bigger than an 8Left foot feels smaller than the right.Like wearing slippers with good traction! Very comfortable and reasonably priced. I bought several pair, and I hope to order more in the years to come!On the first use the soles came out. Not at all happy with your product.These are perfect and they are so comfy.  love themNot as fleecy as others .. but niceShoes showed up with a skuff on the right toe. Looks like they were run over by a tractor or something. They fit, though, but that might be because their my second pair of converse so I just ordered the same size.These are a great pair of jeans.  Very soft and fit perfectly.  A little long but that is fine as they just scrunch up at the ankles.  I would highly recommend these jeans.Very nice sweater, good quality for the price.  I would have rated it a 5 star except for the color.  It is advertised as pink with a fleece lining, the lining is nice but the color is more of a soft peach rather than pink.  I would have preferred the pink color, but will keep the "peach"; not worth the return hassle.The tappers are not altogether bad, they did the job they were supposed to do but they are made out of cheap plastic. I was a little disappointed when the green one broke while i was cleaning it. The orange and pink one are also chipped. But what do you expect for $5. But like i said they did the job.This is the 2nd time I've ordered this product, but this shipment the product is a poly blend, not 100% cotton as listed. Not Recommended.
80% cotton 14% polyester 4% spandex 2% rubber

-- previous review --

I'm a 6' woman with a size 11 shoe.  All socks I buy for women are size 9-11 friendly.

However these beautiful, thick, cotton socks are only good for women size 10 or smaller.

I'm disappointed.  I really would like to use these and they're simply too small.

I put 2 stars because this page should clearly indicate "Up to women's size 10 only".

Great sock if you have size 5-10 foot.THE SHOES ARE GREAT.  I HAVE WORN THEM FOR YEARS.The backing to one of my plugs was too large!What more can be said.......Their Levi's. You may pay a bit more for them but the quality is excellent!!! You won't be sorry when you purchase these pants.Runs VERY small ... and extremeley stiff construction  Bleh!Careful, these are very, very thin materialThe main reason I bought this shirt is because it said Hakuna Matata on it! The shirt I received only has the lion on the front, NO Hakuna Matata! This is very upsetting!!!Fits a little on the small side. Ok without bulk under it. Looks niceI bought this top and it had make up stains all over the back. This was clearly sent to someone else who tried it on and sent it back. How disgusting!The silver has a metallic look to it, they're beautiful and super sexy!!!Very easy to wearMy daughter loves Eminem. This shirt came in earlier than expected, just as described, I bought it as a gift. Very happyThese boots definitely are 16" in the calf. I couldn't even get them zipped up all the way!!!It's small for me especially the top.These do not breathe as good as some...good for cooler days. Love the look but get hot in the warm weather.I bought three shirts including this one and a pair of pants. All WAY too small. These items must have been meant to be sold in Asia. These are not American sizes. I am a XXL which is usually a touch too big but a XL is usually a touch too small. I ordered XXL for all the shirts but they fit like they are a large. I can barely get them over my shoulders. It looks like online clothes shopping is too unreliable for me.The perfect rain pants for foul weatherreally feels good and cozy. like itOne of the shoes tore at the seamRuns small. China quality.freaking cool watch, don't like how long it took amazon to ship it though, very durable holds about a second a year, very high quality good diving watchI got the colorful argyle socks in size 9-11.  I love the colors, pattern, and fit.  In the cold weather, knee high socks add another layer of insulation.  Unfortunately, after a few wearings, the cut ends of yarn at the edges of the diamonds come to the front.  I'm a little concerned that the socks themselves may start to unravel.  At the moment, the only problem is that the edges of the diamonds are fuzzy, and not in a comfy sort of way.  The variety of colors is great, the quality, not so much.Ring became dull and stones cloudy very quickly.The lenses feel cheap compared to the original Ray Ban lenses.
They also get dirty and covered in fingerprints way faster than my original Ray Ban lenses.
Would never purchase these again.Shirts fit greatthese are soft and fit well... launders well... would recommendThe jacket was not a modern fit and was very baggy through the arms.Cup size Too small and padded. Not for the full figure. Returned it.I ordered these a size bigger and they Were about 2 sizes too smallI was surprised at how much smaller the bag was than my old Samsonite 3000 XLT. . The bag is much lighter, but offers less external zippered carrying options. I bought the set 26 and 22 based on the 2 wheeled arrangement vs 4 wheels, that I find to be illogical to own.
the bags are tapered so that internal space is about 30% less than in Samsonite. Cover material is not as tough, and zippers appear to be doomed to failure. After purchase, I found a 2 wheeled Samsonite Aspire set, but not on Amazon. I now own 2 bags which I shall curse for the 2 or 3 years they last. My old Samsonite set lasted many years, many miles. American finally broke my wheels!! Not happy, but alas, my own fault!! The 22" bag fits inside my old Samsonite 22" bag , wheels and all. 20" at best.its a bit tight and long. Im 5'4Way too big, I tapered them myself and now they are 2 Legit I loved it fall apart at the strapsfits okay but it looks cheap and the zipper is somewhat unconfortable.I would not recommend this shoe. After just 3 weeks of normal usage, the heel area on the sole started to wear out. I'm not sure if I will take them to the shoe repair shop or throw in the trash.GOOD QUALITYNot as showed in the picture. Quailty of sewing is not my favorite.I am pretty consistent in sizes and this was just too small for me.  Item runs small. Returned.This is a cute, good product but the leg opening is too big for my small legs and the heel is too high for me.  I had to return them, unfortunately.  I wish I could have kept them though...Quality is not the best.  The lining bunches under the dress and the material is very clingy.  The dress is more fitted than the picture shows.Over all plastic was too hard.  Size 6 was not true 6Love the coat, well made and design elements are very nice.  I had to return it because of the size was wrong for me.waist seems tighter on this color than the othersThese are fake. The straps are uncomfortable and the bottoms are light, foamy, and cheap feeling rather than a dense rubber like the authentic ones that last. I ordered two colors in the same size and one fit, the other was too small. You can pay $7 more and get REAL ones from Nordstrom with free shipping. Yes the packaging looks real, but these are not real! Dont waste your $.These earrings are very pretty except for the fact that I do not see blue-green in the color.  They look like amber but it's a good neutral color so they will look good with many things.It's too big not for kids. Returnwhat a piece of crap. stretched out junk way way wayyyyy too small. i ordered a XXL and it might be XXL on my 8 year old. pathetic. stinky like green coffeeWow! I bought this costume last year and LOVED IT! Not only was it completely inappropriate and offensive -- it fit really well too!

I thought wearing this costume would boil an entire culture down to a racist stereotype. And I was right: Turns out, I was representing the culture in a super inaccurate and unflattering way!

The best news: I wore the costume on Halloween to be funny. Then the next day I took it off, and I was just me again. Isnt it awesome that I didn't have to deal with the racism or oppression some people actually experience on a daily basis? Best Halloween ever!Sent them backI am 5'2" amd 145lbs and ordered a Large. Overall, it fit very well, was snug without cutting off circulation, form fitting with just the right flare in the skirt, beginning at the hips. As I'm on the short side, the dress was just a tad too long but, with a bit of tailoring, I'm sure it would've been fine. Unfortunately, I did have to return it because the fabric was not what I was expecting; fabric was scratchy and reminded me of a shower curtain. It did not have the correct look for a formal party--which is what I was searching for.

Would be great for a costume party, though!amazing pair, very comfortable. doesnt even feel like work boots. i can wear this at work and outside in the snowI have several types of rings, from titanium to tungsten, oddly enough they are inexpensive, so I like to have a variety. This was a type I didn't have as of yet, and so I went ahead and ordered one to try it out.

It's a nice looking ring, very deep black and both matte and glossy (the middle section is glossy) and has a nice groove that looks to be carbon fiber. One downside of titanium and carbon fiber though is that both materials are exceptionally light, and thus, this ring has almost no weight to it. Really, to the point that it's kind of unsettling. I prefer personally something to feel a bit more substantial, but that may come down to personal preference.

Aside from it's weight and what it looks like (it's really quite nice looking) there is the comfort and fit. I ordered a size eight and this is dead on a correct eight, so that's a plus, the fit itself, I can only rate about three stars. The edges are smooth, and free of marks or burs, but the ring itself is very light as I mentioned and very thin, so the edges are a little less than comfortable and kind of prone to getting caught on things if it's even slightly too big, a real shame considering the lack of half sizes in this model.

Overall, if you like the style, it's a nice affordable ring, and I'll be holding on to mine. I would like it if it was a little thicker, and a little more rounded around the edges, but these are small complaints over all.

I was given this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, and after wearing the ring for a couple of days, this is more or less my conclusion.Way too small, returned itBoth the waist band and the fabric are thicker than any boxers I have ever owned.  I'll probably only wear them in the winter.Too large and had no way of returning them gave them to someone who could wear themThis umbrella broke after the second time I used it.  Why is it so difficult to make a decent umbrella?  I would not recommend this one.I get lots of compliments. It's very comfortable and the knit is somewhat heavy so I wear it in the evenings and it's cozy.I loved the shirt except for it being thinly made material.This bra is really great for a few reasons,  it fit perfect!  the color works with almost all of my clothing.  It minimizes very nice, and I don't have pointy boobs!  there are no big seems that show through my shirts either.  its soft too.  I hope it comes in other colors because I will order a couple more.If you have any sort of tummy, this dress is not for you.  You have to be a stick to pull this dress off.  The elastic band is very tight around your waist and you cannot adjust the belt at all.  Beautiful color but that is about it.way shorter than I expected, but I can tie it up and make it a cute crop top.Pretty, but after a couple of months of wear, the gold is already wearing off. Now it looks a bit cheap and costumey.I finally had the perfect outfit to wear with this choker and I got so many compliments on it in one night it was overwhelming. It looks so good! Definitely a good buy.Beautiful color.  Wish it is a little bigger -at least one inch more (1") Thanks  I love it . I guess I need to loose a little weightThis top is very cute-the only problem is it does run very small and its kind of hard to fit over my head and I have never had that problem before. There is a strong mildew odor as well.These are watch band bars.  They work.  They seem to be of standard, relatively sturdy construction.  $4.00 for two is outrageous, but what are you going to do?I am a d cup and this plus size did not fit. My breast spilled out at the sides. I had to pay for the return shipment.I was nervous to order glitzy heels online but I am going to Vegas this weekend for a Company Awards Gala and I needed shoes fast that weren't outrageously expensive. I originally bough some Ivanka Trump heels because I couldn't find anything else in shoe stores. I still was not in love with them. I found Delicacy shoes and now that I have them I will be taking the $85 Ivanka Trump Shoes back. These are much cuter and the price is perfect for a glitzy shoe that you will usually only wear on special occasions.I'm usually a 6 1/2 so that's what I got but they are tight. I should have gotten a 7 :( they are too small.The wrench arrived with the wrong pin sets. One of the pin sets had the wrong pin (a repeat from a different set). While the customer service representative was courteous their policies prevented her from simply shipping me a replacement pin. I was left with no choice but to return the item.This ring was purchased for my wife to wear everyday instead of her good diamond ring.  It is pretty enough but you can tell it is not expensive.  It runs just a little large too.  Nice for the price.Very comfortableThought it would be an average thickness jacket... was VERY thick, and not a lot of stretch or give to it. Great color, but unfortunately not comfortable enough for me.Perfect fitLove the shoes, but a little tightI own three pairs of these sandals in different colors.  They are very comfortable and have lasted a long time. I was quite excited to find them in the same brand and style and in my size (5-1/2) on Amazon.  Unfortunately I neglected to read the reviews already posted.  When I received them, they looked the same, but the straps to go around the ankles were so short I couldn't fasten them.  They were also so narrow my feet hung over both sides of the sole (I do not wear a wide size!!).  Very disappointed.  Amazon was great though, quick return processing and my account my credited right away.Good produce for the price.My daughter says that she wishes that it was a little wider.too thin appears thick in the pic then it really isEither the sizing is off on this hat or I have a really big head because this XL was too small. I ended up purchasing an XL at a local jazz festival and the fit was perfect.  Also packaging did not include an invoice to return.I have about 10 pairs of Cobb Hill's.  Most of mine are a different style.  I wanted to try something different.  These did not work for me because the strap is much higher up on the shoe than my other styles.  With the strap being higher, it made the shoe not fit at the heel; slipped up and down too much when I walked.  Had to return them.  They were very cute though.I'm 5'4" and this fit perfectly! But it rips super easily so be careful not to sit on rugged ground.It holds the lower tummy but it rolls down when worn with a dress. It would be alright to wear with pants but not with a dress coz it rolls down.Size is accurate, materials seem to be well made and holding up after 2 weeks of washing and wearing, no show when wearing Sperry's, would order again.Worst costume ever,  i will only be using the jacket ,2 sizes too small a small is probably an xxsNot what I expected in the quality has a funny smell runs small would not recommend for the priceJust what I hope forvery happy ... no false advertisement with this bag looks just like the picture.. roomy ...material is great love itjacket was to small so ordered the next size and it was still to small. Sizing is very smallI am disappointed in Amazon's service.  I sent this watch to my greatgrandaughter for her birthday.  It arrived without my enclosed message, so the child and her parents had no idea who the gift was from.  Sloppy service.  Is there no checking or quality control?My daughter is a 4T and I ordered a 5 yet the top was very tight and unable to useI went by the measuring chart, but the shirt fits like a tent on me.  It really blouses out in back.  Instead of returning it and paying the return fee, I'll be taking it in a lot.  It IS lightweight and comfortable in hot weather. The white is also fairly see-through, so I'll probably have to wear a camisole under it -- something I hate to do because it makes it hotter.Fast delivery. Were shipped in a leather sack for storage.  They were perfect!  Just the right length and color.  Should have ordered earrings to match size of these pearls.  I would order from this company again.The shoes looks very cheap,skin looks like  flimsy plastic and do not think it is a good buy for the priece.
prabhiterrible... some comes apart at the outlet edges because it's together... shoes were comfortable but not very durable... so I returned the first pair thinking they were defective and got a 2nd pair and the same thing happened.  I work in a paper (cardboard production plant) lots of rollers, chains etc... and the shoes couldn't hold up 2nd pair (replacement pair) is only 3 months old and looks more beat up then my 2 year old timberland pro steel toe hikers. Two of my coworkers had the same issue with different models of keen boots, sole coming apart tears in the boot.... they are just not durable.  All my other pairs of timberland pros and irish setters were infinitely more durable they just require a little more break in time.  I will not buy keen again... going back to timberland pro or Irish setter  or possibly try Redwing when the next time the Redwing truck comes to work... yes they are more expensive but the  company reimburses us up to 205 per year so I should be able to get a good pair of Redwings or Irish setters off the truck.  Keen makes a comfortable work boot but it's not durable at all... 3 months for a 130 dollar boot is a rip off. extremely unsatisfied.If I have any complaint about it, it is that I cannot see through the mask.I was very surprised at the quality of these socks. I thought they would be thin and cheap feeling but they're not! they are thicker and soft, and the perfect amount of stretch. I also noticed that they don't have seems that bother me as I expected they would.The opacity and sturdiness are good, but I thought they were longer and tighter than I would have expected for trouser socks labeled as "Queen-size." I debated between giving them 3 or 4 stars, and then finally settled on 4, since the quality is good, but the fit left something to be desired, I thought.Was way tooooo small there is no way my 48" bust could even fit that small shirt.  54" must mean something very different from whoever made the shirt.This product was okay, but just didn't do it for me. Its definitely cool and comes out of your pocket easily. Opens up accordion style making it easy to retrieve credit cards.

Unfortunately it just wasn't my style. Also, i dropped it once and everything fell out.

On the flip side i really liked the idea of being protected with RFID technology.Nice fabric, and fit.I like the color and style, but the bottom definitely runs small and isn't stretchy like other swimsuits. A problem with ordering a size up is that the top actually fits me fine, so if I ordered a medium then the bottom might fit but the top would be too big. For reference I'm pretty petite at 5'0" and 105 lbs, so I feel like if the small doesn't fit me then it won't fit most adults well.this shows white but is grey really disappointed in thatThis is my first pair of dancing shoes. I am 5.7 and wear size 7/8 clothing. I am athletic and weight 155 lbs. I found the shoe to be somewhat comfortable. Roomy and the materials and sole are VERY soft and Flexible. I am almost afraid the shoe isn't strong enough, but It might be my lack of experience with a Good pair of Light Weight Dancing Shoes. Straps are sturdy but In my opinion shoe sole can be reinforced a little. Price a little high for the quality. But overall happy and will continue to buy from all sellers until I find that perfect pair of shoes for Me.Looks better online. Very poor quality in both material and workmanship. Expected much better quality.Terrific value -- much bigger and showier than I expected for the $
I would buy this again for sureVery nice.. what I ordered....perfect fit, good enough stretchtoo small in the boob areaLove it.  Wish the fabric was a wee softer but no biggie.Did not look like first quality item- had flaw in stitching at front pocket-
Fit was somewhat smaller than my other 10 Petite NYDJ.  Jeans were returned.
It's very unusual for a pair of NYDJ not to be perfect.Pretty ring for the money, I ordered two to wear as stacking ring with my gold eternity anniversary diamond ring of the same style.  It worked real well and as shiny as my real diamon ring. Did not give 5 stars because I needed half size.The shirt looked cheap and bad when received. Wanted to give it as a gift to one of my friends as an inside joke but it looked very awkward and smelled pretty bad even after washing it. Would not recommendI bought these for myself before reading any reviews, and panicked because someone said these are fake, they chip... so I did my research when they arrived and I was so happy! These are 100% real Ray Ban sunglasses. They have all the features to look for including the darker color around the information sticker. Dont be afraid to get these, they are cheaper than Ray Ban website and 100% authentic. See my photos for extra validation. They fit great and Im glad I didn't read the bad reviews first.I made a purchase of sizes10 & 11, because of previous reviews stating the shoe fit was off.  Size 10 is what I wear & was perfect!  Size 11 is being returned.The shoe looked just like it did in the picture! I am happy, and my baby girl loved them! They shipped here very quick, maybe in 3 days, and for the price, you can't go wrong! It came very fast and wrapped neat and with care. It came in a little smurf box with the smurf characters all over it! How cute! The shoes were all what expected and wanted! I am very happy!These wigs are not so much too large as they are awkward and very hard to work with.  There is waaay too much hair to even try to style it.  The sideburns are awful looking and stick way out.  We need these wigs for a 50's style music performance we are doing within a week.  Grant it, the price is reasonable and the netting looks pretty sturdy, but we just don't know how we are supposed to style them to make them look half way decent.  There is sooo much hair in the front, it almost looks like a bicycle helmet from the side.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Kangaroo-Costume-Wigs-1960s-Rock-n-Roll-Black-Wig/dp/B01E7QHFXM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Kangaroo Costume Wigs; 1960s Rock 'n Roll Black Wig;</a>

Please advise if they can be returned for a full refund.It looks great, a little bigger than what I expected but I guess I should have looked at the dimensions a little more carefully.  However it does not spin with one of the watches that I own.  When I place my Rolex in it it stops spinning.  I am not sure how to fix this issueStyle of frames very similar to Ray-Ban Balorama. Sturdy well made sun glasses for the price.This bag was intended for someone tall, which I'm not but it is a pretty cool bag. On me it's like a beach bag! It's very roomy and the shoulder strap is pretty cool and unique. Liked it enough not to return it, but I look funny when I have it over my shoulder.I am a 7 1/2 in sneakers but these were just a tad too big. I first wore them on a 12.5 hour nursing shift and they do not make it any easier on my legs/feet. Legs/feet were much more sore than usual. No blisters and they are pretty at least.Not the most comfortable slippers ever, but whatever...they're good enough I guess.  For the price I was expecting something a bit better than the typical crap I get from Target, but nope..just standard cheap slippers.  I wouldn't buy them again for the price, but they also weren't horrible enough to warrant a return.So these are super cute and super warm and comfy.. But they fall short at the bottom. I'm 5'4" and they come up above my ankles so if your tall these May not be for you... Other than that I love!pretty colors and style. just runs a bit smallWas expecting the shirt to be larger, but it still fits.GreatI'm 5'1", 95 pounds and a 32A... this suit is just a little too big! For reference, I usually buy swimsuits from the juniors section at Target, XS top and S bottom. Otherwise, it's a nice suit, the quality matches the price.I got it a day earlier then estimated. Very cute, the strap fits over my shoulder and it is well-made it is a shame the other reviewers bag was not as well made. But I love this owl purse!way ti small for my babyI ordered these for an overseas trip, to replace inexpensive styles I'd been using on previous trips. These ride up, they are not absorbent (I had to wear panty-liners with them) and DON'T dry any faster then other microfiber or tricot blends. I'm just sorry I ordered several pairs because the reviews had been positive. NO more ExOficio for us.Deep indentation.Looks really good, the size is just as the same as I expected.
The blue topaz is beautiful and clear.
Really cute!Destroyed. Coming apart after one 3 hour wear of kayaking.  Was also large. I'm an 8-8.5 got the 8 and they felt a size too big
Tossed immediately. Wasn't fit for useThese were a bit to large but i was still able ro wear them. The third time I wore them one of the decorative side straps fell off.I ordered two pairs of these pants for my son who works as a bagger at a local grocery store. We have replaced both pairs through Amazon because the upper inner leg material continues to tear after 3 to 4 weeks of daily use.  Now the first replacement pair has torn as well and I guess there is no way to get your money back or replace them again.  The pants were wonderful in every other way but $42 is too much to spend on a pair of pants that only last 3 to 4 weeks.I had to order the next size up so it'd fit. Was measured for an xl, 2xl was still too small, 3XL fit right. The shoulders are padded, so be prepared for the shoulders to hug. Other than that, it's an amazing jacket. The hood is buttoned on, so easy to remove if needed.Awesome boots get tons of complements!bought it for me momz, it was too small for her. even though it says 52mm frame it is even smaller than that for sure because I do own 714s that are 52mm as well and they are bigger than these...These shoes fit perfectly.  They are versatile shoe that can be worn to work or out on the town.  I have another pair of Cole Haan Chukka boots that were quickly weathered in comparison to these shoes.It felt rough between your toes, not comfortable.Product itself looks great. Sizing is a bit on the small side. Son wears 9 months and I bought 12 months but I still could not cover his feet and hands.In the picture it looks amazing. Actual material is of less contrast. All the colors looks pale, probably due to the the thinness of the material.it was a nice blouse but WAY to short if it gets washed forget itThis is a great shoe.  It took my foot some time to break it in at the top of the tongue, but after a day or so it loosened up nicely.  It doesn't breathe as well as I hoped, probably due to the material.  But, if you're looking for a comfortable shoe that you can wear with or without socks, it's a good choice.Very nice travel case.They're okay. They look cute from afar, pretty cheap up close. I ordered for my daughter who usually wears an 8 - 8.5 so I got these in an 8 and they fit fine. She wore them around the city for a few hours and came home with blisters but she said they stayed up, no fussing with them to keep them up. Unless you spend hundreds of dollars, most OTK boots look cheap - even some that aren't all that cheap. With that in mind, these boots aren't a bad buy.The Rockport shoes fit great, are very comfortable and the color of brown is perfect. The shoe and really exceeds my expectations.They're okay. I don't wear them too much because they're a little small, but they're still comfortable.These are perfect until you get to the thigh opening.  They were fitted until the top, which looks kind of floppy in a not so great way.  I'm not sure why they think a woman's thighs wouldn't suddenly get wide out of nowhere as is suggested by the design.  Maybe if you are very muscular it would fit well.  I returned them.This is second same golf shoes I've got.  Wearing all the time regardless on rounding or not.Instant Style. I have received many compliments on this jacket. It's super comfy and lightweight. Throw it on over a pair of jeans and a t-shirt with your favorite flats and you're good to go. If only it had pockets.Too bigLovely colors but the buckle is just too big and won't lay flat.This was really small for me - I think I ordered an XL and was way too tightThese leggings had a very soft feel to them. Other than being way to small. I liked them. But I weigh only 95 lbs and am 5 ft 3 in., and they are way to small for a " one size fits all". The colors are very pretty and true. I normally take a size 7 or 8. I always wash new clothes, and these do shrink slightly.Poor quality. Color not even close to picturereally disappointed by this polo.. i used to wear large size in regular fit even in U.S polo but when i got my order i was really disappointed by its size .too largethe packaging didn't not look very new but the watch was actually newI bought this organizer so I did not have to dig around my purse for 20 minutes every time I wanted to find something in it. While this "organizer" has plenty of pockets and zippers it does not have any structure! Its pretty flimsy as far as sitting up straight in your purse. I tried to keep my wallet in the large opening in the middle but the two side just lean into each other and I have to fight it to move the side open to insert my wallet. I wish there was some hard plastic in this to give it some rigidity. I regret making this purchase.buenoThis belt is junk. After a couple of weeks the scows fell out that hold the buckle on. Now I am stuck with a useless leather strap.Like other reviewers, constantly reuniting the belt with the jeans and my waistline is annoying. Bring back the 7 loops and I might buy a pair or two.It does it's job if you wear two bras.... barelyI wanted this to be a little big on me, and it fits loosely as I wanted. The material is thin and looks a tad but cheap, but I thought it was pretty cute.I ordered a medium and it was a perfect fit! I am 55 and 125 pounds. The dress was very wrinkly out of the package but that can be fix with a little bit of ironing or even self dry cleaning at home. The package arrived on time and was a perfect outfit for my friends tea party. The material is a little heavy but it feels like good quality clothing. I want to buy more colors!!!Not good as quality as the ones at kohls dept. storeThe pictures don't do these earrings any justice. They looked nice, especially for the price, $35. However, when I received them, I was actually amazed and impressed at how beautiful they really are.  You won't be disappointed?These pantyhose had a very strong moldy smell that didn't come out when washed. I had to throw them away.Not bad for the money. These buckles do the job, but could use a better plating. A good number of rejects in the batch.Look cute on my wife...she likes them...they run  touch small.The white one was veryyyy see through so not very flattering at all. You could see the cups of the bra and it stood out.I bought four of these dresses and while the fit is true the machine washable is not. The dresses shrunk badly and oddly. The worst part is the pattern. It came out faded, all the sparkle and paint washed out, all that is left is the stich work. It looks as if I wash them a hundred times instead of just the once. There is no way these can be considered machine wash. To bad, they really are lovely dresses.Size too smallMy feet look like duck feet. I think they are super comfortable though.The print & color of this shirt is nice. However, it's a very strange fit. It's a short shirt even for petite women, yet the width is way too wide.One of two very expensive running bras I bought lately. This one was the loser. This looks like a Playtex bra dyed pink. It does not have any of the structure or finesse I expect with an expensive bra. If you have large boobs it flattens them down and makes them look slightly longer and weird . though it has vague cups they flatten and make a uniboob rather than achieving the separation and more natural look I expect in a bra I spend this much money for. If you are at all asymmetrical it will enhance the effect. Very disappointed and would never do this again.Good party favor, but I bought these because  my grandchild had to wear a patch on her eye.  She loved that everyone participated!So i was looking for a travel case that's not too big, or slouchy, and one that would provide enough room to carry as much as a collection possible of assorted rings & earrings that are simple in style (nothing big and bulky). This jewelry box met my needs. Box is sturdy, made of good quality faux leather. Outer dimensions when closed: 5" x 5" x 2.25". Inner dimensions: 4.5" x 4.5" and about 1" deep on bottom. The 4 equally divided compartments are on the bottom of the box and have each taken in 10 to 11 pairs of earrings (stud, pearl, small hoop, drop, some dangling). I have not faced any issues with the compartment divider moving out of its place as some of the other reviewers have. However, the dividers can be removed for additional space. The ring rolls took in 10 slim rings (that number would be less if the rings were big or bulky). The top of the box is separated from it's bottom by a mirrored hinge divider. The removable drawstring pouch available behind the mirrored divider is attached to the wall of the box with a velcro patch. The pouch's dimension: 3" X 3.5". The pouch can take in additional rings, bigger earrings (large hoop, dangling), thin necklace chains & pendants. Or you can remove the pouch and use the space there for a couple of larger jewelry. One more thing i like about this box is that it can easily fit in a 11"+ handbag, if you prefer to use such a box to carry valuables. Overall, this box is meant small sized jewelry, small collection of accessories or the basics to carry when travelling. At time of purchase i required 2 of this jewelry box and had to place an order with 2 different sellers, and have to say was not too excited about the price difference for the same item (Other Seller&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/White-Faux-Leather-Travel-Jewelry-Case-with-Mirror-and-Zipper/dp/B00ET7EN12/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">White Faux Leather Travel Jewelry Case with Mirror and Zipper</a>&nbsp;). Note:- left the same feedback on the other order.These shoes are beautifully constructed and a lovely shade of gray (I bought the gray suede). Ultra comfortable and very padded, but when I first put them on it was a struggle to fit into the toe box without my toes cramping up uncomfortably. After reading the reviews, I decided that the next size up (a 7.5) would be too large, so I'm resigned to stretching the toe box as much as possible and hoping for the best. Still, the shoe looks fabulous on; lots of height and my legs look phenom.I have a big head (about 7 3/4 hat size), so this wig was a little small, but not so small that it was unusable. A lot of the hair on the back of my neck was still showing when I used it, but since I was also wearing a hat, I pulled the wig back to cover my neck but expose the top of my head a bit.

The curls are a bit much; they are quite big and poofy, and I actually ended up snipping off all but the bottom two sets so that the wig would fit under my hat. Once that was done it actually looked great under the tricorn, and the ponytail (pre-tied with the included black ribbon) looked really good.They gave my heels pain and blisters! Nike might be a better choice! Maybe not!!Ouch!!F!The jacket was smaller than I thought it would be when I bought it but I was happy with it nonetheless.  It arrived in perfect condition and the pictures accurately show what the product looks like (I'm always concerned with that)! It's super comfortable and the leather is really soft!This bag holds a surprising amount of stuff in a small package.  I am always looking for a small bag to carry but am often dissatified with a lack of room.  Happily this one is different.  I am getting plenty of use out of it in my travels.  I bought it along with the tote bag and can easily slip it in the tote with plenty of room left over for shopping and souvenirs!Glasses broke after 3 days of use. I did not expect high-end quality glasses but this was unacceptable.not the usual fit from this oneloved the look of this watch but never got to wear it.  My  wrist is very small and removing links was almost impossible. If considering this watch I would compare your wrist measurement to that provided in the specs on the web site.Good quality but bad fit/sizeDid not  fit right even after I exchanged for a larger size, too tight across the toes. And diffentrley not water proof....don't wear them in the rain, your sole will get wet, I've bought various types of boots from amazon, bit of advice if you can afford to purchase two pairs at a time ....is your better option, that way you can return the one that doesn't fit., this goes for all the shoes or boots, that you purchase.This is really beautiful.  I got so many compliments on it.needed these for a costume. Shipping was fast and the pants are good, but they run really small and I ordered an extra large (accomadate preggo belly). They seem to be one size fits most. They did fit, but not as loose as I'd like them to be.quality is horrible meant to return themComfortableThis watch is horrible crown broke off the first two weeks I owned it, and got water in the case from being out in the rain. and that was before the crown broke offHorribleI ordered a 12-14. It was too short from bra to panties and not nearly big enough around! Made for a tiny Asian person. I am not sure even the next size up would fit. However, I loved the design of straps, bra, bodysuit and really loved the skirt.Gave as a giftI wear US small, got an Asia M, fits ok. A little loose and a tad shorter than expected. Also it is 65% poly and 35% rayon. Not 80% Cotton and 20% Poly.This is a very nice to with a different pocket style that I really like.  It is on the left side and runs at a slant from the collar to just below the arm pit area.  It will come very wrinkled (at least mine did) so prepare to get out your steamer or iron before wearing.

The fabric is incredibly soft and it also has a nice stretch to it which makes it extra comfy!  The color is a bit more greenish mustard yellow than the picture shows but is still very nice.  I would wash carefully and not put in the dryer based on the fabric to ensure that it lasts a long time.

I did receive this shirt at a discount in exchange for my honest review.No support in the chest area at all useless except for maybe to dust with....Color turns in a weekThe construction on this shirt is cheap. The material is very thin. I like the stitching details so I'm keeping it, but it's just "ok."Great quality, length is great (doesn't stop short), and the design is subtle and pretty. Highly recommend!Nice watch but leather is hard. After 1week when i bout it i find it on amazon around 270$ but i bout it 319.99$ :(I thought the fabric was a little heavy when I opened the package  but I never got to try it.  The waist was at least 3  inches too small so there was no way to check as I could not get them on.  .  I will be returning them.  I do hate it when the size is wrong but at least I did not have to wonder.Quality not apparent.Awesome sneakers. ...wouldn't expect anything less from a MerrellThese shoes are cute and are def high knee boots that look sexy and whatnot. BUT they will be very flimsy to stay up and after about 30 mins killed my feet. Would much rather pay $100 for shoes that stay up and that I can wear all night without being miserable.I actually really like the shirt. I love the fit and the lenght. My problem is that it has a little hole in the mid section area that I had not noticed until I removed the tag and was already wearing it.
I will be ordering more shirts but I will make sure to inspect them before removing the tag.Cute & great fit.Kinda long.I received in the  3 day , although  shipment day  was  late. Product is excellent ,,functional and big enough for  a lot of staff, the handle could fit every childNice materialThe quality of the suits was fine, however, one had been returned by a previous person. It had pet hair all over it. It was disgustingThese are quite comfortable. I wear a "33 waist for most pants and these are no exception. They also break nicely against my shoes. The cut is a bit puffier than I would prefer but I'm generally satisfied.Poor qualityNice shirtCouldn't wear them - to tight on my calves.  I'm 5'2 and 150 lbs - I'm not huge by any means, I know my calves are a little thick, but I was shocked that I couldn't even pull these on.Just a warning, this isn't 3 PAIRS of earrings, this is three earrings total. Who sells only three earrings?? Will be returning ASAP.A little smallGhost 8 was one of my wife's favorites, so I bought her the 9's for her birthday in her normal size and they are too small. These sneaker's were not cheap and she can't wear them. :(These are beautiful but too small for my hands. I gave them to a friend and they fit her well.Its too big for the Medium PetiteI didn't think it matched the picture of the model, the material is that shiney poly clubwear type.  It definitely looks too over the top for most occasions I thought it could be a nice shirt for a summer night out but its too flimsy and shiney.Spund is not that loud. Smaller than expected.The toe box is too hard for my liking. It is a cute shoe though. I just can not wear these for more than an hour.When I first received these earrings I thought they were perfect for my baby and then I picked them up and felt how sharp they are on the back, the part that would be touching her little ears. They are immediately going back. Really disappointed, as they are adorable and a good price for screw back gold earrings.Run small.chain is thick, thicker than expected. I thought I was going to get a dainty chain for my pendent.It's stiff and looked more square-like and awkwardAfter having the watch for 2 months condensation started appearing inside the window. Had to send it back to the seller to "fix". A month after getting the watch back, the condensation was back and the bracelet was coming loose as stated in another review. I sent it back again and have had it for a few days... let's see what happens. Btw, sending it to an authorized service center really does take 2+ months to get it back. My watch has been getting fixed more than actually on my wrist.Didn't like, returned.This blouse has a very nice Bohemian look to it with very unique and attractive trimming. When it arrived, I declared it one of my favorite tops!  I wore it once before washing and received several compliments.  From my German ancestors, I inherited very large upper arms and found the armhole on this top a bit too tight, but unless you also have this "grande Frau" defect, the armhole size should be OK.

Now for the bad news............I always wash my blouses a few at a time on the delicate cycle of my washer, and then hang to dry.  When I took the blouse from the washer, there were hundreds of threads from the crocheted trim from around the bottom and bottom of the sleeves.  It took forever to free them up, and then cut them off.  So disappointing.  I am the only one who will ever miss the trim, but I would not advise purchasing this blouse unless you plan to wash it by hand or have it dry-cleanedNot 100% cotton as advertised.  They are very soft - but are only 40% or so cotton, plus rayon, plus polyester, etc.  Which just means they don't breathe as well as cotton!(  I will keep them because they fit great and are soft, but am disappointed they were not as advertised.

Note for those who are interested - these are made in Turkey.Great concept but just smaller than expectedExtremely heavy and large ankle length robes. Did not give these as Christmas presents as I knew they were too large and heavy for my daughter and her fiance.  The length was perfect for them but that was it.  I kept for me and my husband but I have only used one of the robes a few times.  I weigh more than my daughter but found the robe to be very heavy and after using just a few times the little cloth piece sewn in to hold the tie has come off on one side. Unless you lift weights and are a strong large person I would not recommend purchasing these robes as one size does not fit all comfortably.Excellent!!! Thank youokLoops ripped out before the dress was even laced up all the way, the first time the dress was tried on. Nice quality otherwise, but it still cannot be worn, even one time, without repair. Very disappointing, we were going to buy several for a wedding.Will be returningNice material and color. But when i finally wore it it was literally sliding off me. The band at the top was too big and offered no support. Had to keep on pulling it up as I walked! Good thing I wore it with a long top.Love it!I was a little disappointed with this item. It looks great in the pictures but fit a little smaller than expected plus the pair I got was torn down the leg. I did however love the material. It is made form it is very soft.Be SURE to search the reviews here for "sole fell off" or "sole separated", etc.  These boots are 100% disposable - you wear them 4 or 5 times and they literally begin to disintegrate.  Got them last year for my husband.  They were used only for 4-5 sessions with the snowblower on our driveway; very light usage -- and they fell apart at the seams where the soles attach to the upper boot.  Spend a little more money and get something that will actually last.Fit way too big! Tried to exchange it for a smaller size but they were out of that size.These shoes are beyond! So tired of all the 3" heels that kill my feet, but was afraid these would be too low. Happily surprised how treat they look with dresses, skirts, pants, or even jeans! I wouldn't walk around the city all day in these, but they are quite comfortable for the office (especially if you change your shoes for commuting) and for a night out. So much more comfortable than a pump, too. The straps really make the shoe and I have received many compliments on them. I loved them so much I tracked them down in beige which are absolutely stunning for that nude heel look. Pretty sure this style is discontinued, but if you can find them online in your size, scoop them up!Very cute and comfortableThis thing is ok for what it is. I'll probably by another one. It's just a bandeau to keep the girls from flopping around. I would not wear it out of the house and it definitely can't be used as a strapless bra (no support at all). But if your ladies are large enough that letting them fly free is uncomfortable, this thing is good for wearing around the house or to bed.My mom and I ordered two pairs; hers fit fine, but mine are hard to get my foot through for some reason... It's not like I have fat feet so idk? I haven't needed to wear them in the rain yet but they seem good. I love the plum color! (:My girlfriend needed a cheap sweater for a sweater party. It did the trick but was a little large in the sleeves.Fits well, functions well but looks cheaply done.Size is a little large and there are no pockets.  Sweat pants without pockets are useless.  Won't buy these again.I like the bottom but not the top part of the boot. It would look good talked into wide pants, skirts or dresses. Quality and comfort are good but not so much the appearance.Very disappointed, to be more accurate they should have taken a picture of a playtex 18 hr bra. after reading sizing recommendations I ordered a smaller cup size than i  normally wear, the actual cup on this bra was was at least two sizes larger and pointed like ice cream cones. not the bra for me.IT IS A VERY POOR QUALITY SHIRT. THE PICTURE IS SO BLURRY YOU CANT EVER READ IT. DEFFENATELY DOES NOT LOOK LIKE IT IS SHOWN ON THE ADD.Love them!!!!! Cant wait to wear them out.Does the job great! Got compliments on the shoes after my shineIt's not as glamorous as it looks in the picture.didn't like the material, felt cheap and really tight. I usually wear Medium but this was too small. I am returning itI was a bit disappointed with this shoe. The triangle of...plastic? is very wide. While I can adjust the back by pulling the strap tight, it doesn't really help the fit across the top. And frankly they look sort of cheap and...well, plasticky.....  I will keep them to wear with pants that will mostly cover them, as I am trying to build up my Vionic shoe collection but I've had better.Great Shoe.  Fits a half to one size smaller than all of my other shoes. I wear an 11.5 and need a 12.5.Bought them for my boyfriend. Arrived on time. Fit as expected. Appearance as expected. These are his favorite socks.Material is thin, cheap, and oddly plastic-y, like tent fabric. Quality not what I expected, these were a disappointment.They arrived in good condition, however, they did not puff, like advertised.does not meet my expectation,color is bright orange...not for a tall person fits weird i had to fight to get the shoulder part in for it to fit...the zipper doesnt work properly. the print is a bit cheap looking. i brought it because it was cheap. i usually put this outfit on when she is at home, sleeping. the color does fade.very goodWay too smallvery nice dress!!! great material and style but  too small for size need too choose more bigger size as u wear ussual pitty i like this dressGood looking watch. I never expected it to be so heavily, especially since it was meant for a child.Not for plus size ladies. Didn't fit properly.These underwear are fine, just not the quality that I expect of Fruit of the Loom or what I can get off the shelf at Target. Not sure why the bindings are more flimsy and the cotton thinner, but really, for the price, these work just fine.I love them so much than I can buy a pair online and they have consistent sizing. The only problem I'm having with this particular pair is the top of the heel on one shoe is rather snug and makes this pair a little uncomfortable to wear. I'm not sure why this pair is a problem.We purchased a 2XL but my fianc says it fits like a 4XL! We will have to get it tailored. For this price I was not happy...we found a hole in the pocket and have to remain mindful that stuff doesn't fall out! !!

So if you are a rrally big guy...say 350lbs...the 2XL will fit perfectly.Cheaply made..Hole in the shirt when i received itIt's a gorgeous piece!After reading the reviews & looking at the measurement chart I ordered size M . Im 5'7',29 inch waist 34D bust
 The sleeves are too short I have to wear them as 3/4. & the material is not as expected. The fit does not accentuate my figure.will update with picturesI ordered a 36x30, and it fit more like a 40x30. I guess I'll stick with Wrangler and Levi jeans for now.What a great product. The company was very accommodating as well! Great experience!I PAID $39.98 FOR THIS EMOJI BACKPACK AND IT HAS ARRIVED TODAY, THE QUALITY IS FLIMSY AND THE TEXTURE IS BOOTLEG SO I WANTED TO SEE WHERE IT'S REALLY FROM AND FOUND OUT THAT THE BACKPACK IS WORTH $9.88...THEY GOT ME FOR AN EXTRA $30...I SEE THAT THEY ARE GETTING HARD WORKING PEOPLE MONEY FOR MATERIALS THAT YOU CAN BUY AT THE FLEE MARKETThe product help with shaping my bum but it DID NOT hold my stomach at all.these flip flops left me with mixed empotions. they are well constructed, however, run slightly longer, and slightly wider. they are also heavy. i will keep them as long as i bought them to wear indoors during summer as house slippers.They are very cute shoes but not comfortable I really needed 9 1/2 tried to them back but never received liable for returnTried on my sisters 6.5M...just a tad tight, so I ordered 6.5Wide.  Only difference was around ankle/heel...extra leather that bulges out under zipper and wider heel so ankle twists inside boot...very unstable.As much as I love the dress, it's too small through the bust. The body of the dress fit well though. It's wearable with a camisole though, so I won't be sending it back.Very responsiveI was in search of the perfect 'work bag'. Every girl out there knows what I'm talking about, you know the one that holds your tablet or laptop, keys, lunch bag, make up and the kitchen sink.  I saw this and was like ' wow, there it is' I've been waiting patiently for the mail lady to come and even though I was doing pilates I ran out to meet her with winter boots and shorts during a wonderful bout of freezing rain. I was over joyed and ripped open the package to find a plastic reusable shopping bag...that I paid 40ish dollars all said and done. When I read reviews it said it was a plastic. .ish material but I definitely didn't expect what I got. I am pretty dispapointed in the super cheesy Scout uptown Girl multi pocket ..reusable shopping bag. Now..to return it or use it to go to the super market..at least it zips.. lolI purchased a size larger than I normally wear and they still didn't fit. I wear a 5 and purchased a 6. Seems as though they run small.  They are not a soft forgiving plastic so if you have wide feet and calves you may want to look for something else.  I had to get my husband to help me out of the one I tried on. Ended up selling them and buying a pair of shrimp boots since I needed them for when we go crabbing anyways. They were cute and well made. Just not for people with wide feet.Wife seems to like them.  They are a fixed size, they do not have a hidden clasp or open in any way.  So make sure you can squeeze your hand into a 2-5/8" hole.My sons a size 4 but has a very wide foot so I got a 5 to be on the safe side. I could tell before he even put the shoe on it was too small . Nicely mad however so I will be returning and purchasing a six.Vionic sandles have always relieved my feet because of the plantusfaciotus (I think I spelled that wrong) that I suffer from. They were a little tight around the tongue and gave me blisters, but I love them and don't know if it suppose to do that for me to break them on.It wasn't what I expected. On line they seem very nice and neat, when I got them I had to send them back. I didn't like them at all, as they looked very cheap material like normal metal.Cured my Plantar fasciitis. I walk up to 7 miles a day at work and my life was miserable. Now that I bought these shoes it has fixed everything!Very cheap made. Top part is way small but the body part fit great. Better for someone with a small chest.You get what you pay for. Poor quality.Needed a dress shirt and bought this one for $12.96 with Prime & Free Returns. Very pleased with the quality of the material (100% cotton) and colors. Could have gone to the mall and walked around for hours and would not have found a nicer shirt. Bought the 4T for a 3 year old and glad we bought the larger size as he can wear it for a while. The shirt has good structure and looks nice as is or under a vest or sweater.fast shipping and arrival in excellent condition.  Product not what I anticipated but I was able tot have good use of it in recent travel for my cell phone, pass ports, and mini camera.The suit seems to be good quality.  I can't see any light through the material so I am pretty confident that it will work to keep the sun off.  However I received a slightly different suit than the one pictured.  It looks the same but has a different logo and tag.  The one I got says Urban Beach.  I'm pretty sure this suit is a knockoff since it doesn't seem like Urban Beach or Osprey really make a kid's sunsuit.Dont wash in  hot waterI don't know the item missing .Really small. Took 2 months to reach meThese are okay, but For the money, I would go with greys 4245 junior fit...the only scrubs I have ever worn that don't play peek a boo with your undies when bending over!!Way too tight...maybe it's supposed to be but it didn't look like it in the picture.beautiful dress I love itThe design is cute, but executed poorly. The straps inside fell apart the second day I used it. If you only need to hold 5 business cards at a time then this is for you.For reference: I am 5'5, 145lbs, and 36D
I originally bought a large- the top didn't fit. I could button it, but my breasts were squished. I measured the chest area, size chart claimed it would be 38.5, it was really 32.5
So if you have big breasts- I do not recommend this dress
I liked the rest of the dress so much, I ordered in extra large. Same issue, the top portion of the dress has no give. My breasts were squished and uncomfortable.

I really wanted to love it. The material is thing and flowy, It sits nice on the hips. I like that it has buttons from the top all the way to the bottom, so you can decide if you want a  more conservative look, or a more sexy look.
I wish it fit =(

Please let me know if you thought my review was helpful!Just what I was looking forward, well packaged and delivered on time. Would definitely buy again.I take a size 8. these boots were too small and narrow for me, although the size range was supposedly 8-8.5. The fabric is stretchy, so I was able to getit on, but it felt very uncomfortable. I didn't like the the look of the fabric either - looked cheap.Shorts came old and used!!!! They had stains on them faded!!! Buyer BewareA bit shortAs pictured but for Minnie Mouse ! I wear an 11/12,you said it ran small but if a 1X and 1XX barely fit my leg !
The fabrics is good quailty and what would a design if not sized for Munchins...
Maybe it's just the one item..
I know the purpose of clinching but breathing serves a purpose too.i would try another item though,I like the designs..thank you anyway.The length is way longer than expected. The legs are several inches beyond my toes and will need to be seriously hemmed to fit properly.Nice and soft, but...  I wear a 34-36 B so I ordered a medium.  Cup size fits fine but way to tight through the chest and elastic edging under arms digs into my skin.  Very disappointed.Looked like a factory reject.  The dots were pink not white as shown on picture.  Was to late to be able to return it.  Needed it for a parade.okay for a light rain shower, but anything worse and you'll be soaked. It does look nice and is light to carry around.Why this boots ripe on the heels. ...Looks and feel to cheapI'm  a pretty even 7 but they are easily half a size too big. I had already thrown away the box by the time i found out. They are pretty just be wary.waist over belly is made for short women - Tried them on thinking about sending the jeans backGreat shorts! The fit well, look good, and are very comfortable. They're not Dad shorts, either. Overall, they were just what I needed.i bought this watch for my husband in a hurry and didn't realize that it doesn't have a second hand. It really is an attractive watch and my husband loves the coloring but he needs a timer to count heartbeats at work. So if you need seconds, get a different skagen.While I appreciate the decent quality of these tights, they do run a little small. I ordered the Ivory, it is not Ivory. It's more of an off white. I am a little disappointed as they are not matching any of my ivory dresses, sweaters, or shoes and I have a lot of different shades of Ivory clothing.These are super small on the thighs and incredibly large on the waist. It looks like if somebody used them before and stretched them out.Not for exercise. These pants are definitely see through, but comfortable to wear around the house and as pajamas. Very soft, thin material. Still good as maternity pants.my daughter and i both loved this sneaker. Only problem is the sizing - she needs a 9.5, but they only came in 9 or 10. The 9 were too just and the 10 were way too big. these went back :(crazy tight, my head can't wear it more than 2minutes.Loved it!  I heard that it ran a little small so I purchased a size bigger and it fit just fine!Good material. Very pleasedActually great for locking my gear.  TSA can open it at airports so you don't have to worry about having your locks cut off.  Not a super high security lock.  You can set the 3 number combination as you wish.  Just keeps honest people honest.  High security locks are better than what you put them on anyway.  Good value and serves the purpose.I LOVE skeleton watches.  Sturhling surely makes some beautiful looking skeleton watches for the price point and that is about it. This was my 3rd watch. I purchased it on Jan 27, 2012 and it lasted less than 2 years. One day in October it stopped working and I could see and hear one of the pieces had fallen off. Based on my previous experience, Sturhling is a very difficult company to deal with in terms of returns and or fixes.Great boots good BriceSizes should have measurements these shirts fit tight.Got these shoes for work, stand a lot on concrete, these shoes are not very comfortable. But they where cheapI have to wear a black tie everyday so I ordered 3 of these.
 They look nice and are adequate for the job but the loop to hold the back of the tie comes loose after a few weeks of wearing.
 I've had the same problem with ties that cost much more but this one is especially fragile.The rose plating wore off in a coupleof days. I ended up with silver earrings, not impressed especially from a good brand like Anne Klein. I wanted to return for new ones or get my money back but thought what's the point.I purchased two pairs of these pants, one in gray, the other in black.  The black pair fit perfectly, which is why I purchased the gray pair.  The gray pair is MUCH too big.  The same size is about 1 1/2 inches longer, and 1-2 inches further around.  This makes them look enormous on me, and when worn with a belt (as all slacks should be) they bunch up and look sloppy.  Going to have to fork over extra to have them tailored which defeats the purpose of buying them in the first place.My husband has a large Scandinavian head and the 2xl fits perfectly on his head.It is fast, but it is expensive.My daughter is 3 years old medium size so I bought size 4 but it was a bit too tight on her. I had to give it to my niece who is 2 years small body. I eventually bought a size 5 for my daughter and it fit perfectly.The material these flip flops are made out of is coarse.  If you are trying to wear these all day you will end up with blisters. They are meant to be worn to the pool and around the house.got the watch in a timely manner, it works fine so far. use it for work.My son loves this shirt, but the size runs much smaller so he will not be able to wear it.Chain is nice. Had to clean it when I got it...Watch wasn't even the same watch as shown in the images that I received, but at least its a similar and stylish looking, all black watch.It was sent back to amazonIt may work better for leather shoes but for my walking shoes the stretch does not hold from one day to another.Looks a little different then the pic the sleeves are very poofy ! It's extreamly low cut you have to wear undershirt for sure still cute just not as cute as the picReally pretty.DO NOT BUY THIS! I bought this shirt as a gift for my husband. When I opened it, I was OVERWHELMED by the INCREDIBLY strong odor of vinegar! The picture is so blurry most of the writing is illegible. Im so disappointed! Luckily Im eligible for a refund!Fit decently and held up to a puppy chewing on themVW thing came off after only 1 month. It's not glued on very well.The shoe is beautiful and comfortable, however the heel fell off at the church!  Not a good thing!Necklace is beautiful will work perfect for my costume.until they broke......after the second time I had worn them.  Material is pretty cheap.  Don't expect to wear these shoes more than twiceWife loved it!Cheaply made with an odd fit.Im upset that my daughter used her fin twice and it has a hole in it already.  She just got it last week for her birthday.I had the gold faced version(AMW-320C)  of this watched and loved it.  It was very high quality product, and when the watch hands fell off after 15 years I wanted another one just like my old one.  So I bought this model the AM-320R.  Bought it around Christmas 2016 and it worked fine until the battery died. I tried replacing the battery like I had done many times on my older version, but the watch would not run again. I tried 5 different batteries and even tested the batteries with my volt-meter and they looked good.  Also the o-ring on this seems to be larger than it should be and is extremely difficult to hold it in place while putting the watch back on. If your looking for a 1 year disposable watch then this your model.  I also noticed that my original watch was made in Japan but this new version is made in China.  I'm not saying excellent products aren't made in China but this just happens to not be one of them.  I see Amazon no longer sells it, so makes you wonder if they had quality issues across the board on this model. I think I will just go with a cheap $10 model, at least then I'm only out $10 bucks if  it only lasts a year.Arrived quickly. No problems whatsoever.  Can't wait til Christmas to give them away.The colors are cute but the elastic is flimsy, our newborn kicks them off in a matter of minutes.Since it was tall didn't keep but returned. There was about 8" of leg on top of shoes.I ordered this shirt twice. I returned the first one. The first time I ordered a large based off of the measurements in the companys size chart. It was baggy and awkward looking. The main problem besides the size was the poor quality of the shirt. The fabric was very thin and the lace was not sewn together evenly coming to an awkward point. The first shirt was also not labeled as Often brand. It was a different brand.

The second shirt I ordered was totally different. It was a medium, which is my normal size and fits great. The arms are a tad tight but not uncomfortably so. It is Often brand. The quality of the sewing and the back fabric is MUCH better. The fabric is thicker and the lace is sewn evenly together. This brand is much better than whatever brand the original shirt was.poor qualityThis bracelet looked perfect for what I needed online. But, when I received it, it was cheap and it bent when I tried to put it on. I would not buy from them again.So I went up half a size, hoping I could wear them in the winter around the house with socks, I love a good aloe sock in the winter. Normally barefoot I wear a 6.5/ 7 depending on the maker, so I went up 1/2 size to a 7.5 and there is no way I could wear aloe socks with them, even regular socks would be tight. Barefoot they are just no cut like the many other skeckers I own or have worn to the bone. They cut in the ankle, they cut along the top, they were an all around disappointment. My advice look for a different pair.This was too long for a 5' 2" person.Keeps my fingers warm when I am shoveling snow!Disappointed in the skirt, it was really short for me, I am 6'0 and this was suppose to be a "tall" size.The details of this scarf are very deceiving. It is so incredibly small it was even too tight for a 6 year old little girl.  I will not order from this vendor again.Nice comfortable material but run large.  Pants are more "Relaxed Fit" than "Classic" with very baggy loose fitting legs.Just OKLove it but very small not Suitable for ladyCame is original box. Very pleased with purchase and quality of shoesI love the shirt but it was larger than expected. I should have put more thought in that it is a mans shirt.as expected.. nice pantsI ordered these in a size 8 (my normal size). They fit more like a 9 or a 9.5 . They slip off my feet when I walk.

You may want to order a size smaller than you would normally wear.Just want I was hoping for! I light weight, comfy vest to use as a pull over to shirts and long in the back to just sit at the hips, not too short at all for those of us that are tall. Can't go wrong with Burton! I've been really happy with all their clothes.So comfortable  (if you're used to wooden shoes) and easy to walk. I love them. Maybe I could've gone a size up but, this is ok. I'm a 6.5 and got a 37Soft and works well for nursing. Does have uncovered elastic on the insides to create the bunching effect which is uncomfortable against my skin.love themGoodThis is a very beautiful watch and has a classic look.

 I would give this watch 5 stars if it had a mechanical movement. For me, a wind up ticking watch seems to be alive, it has a 'Soul' so to speak. By making this watch with a quartz movement Timex has made a beautiful watch but is lacking the 'Ticking' that Timex is fameous for.

 Still, a great value for only $30.When taking the pants out of the box I thought they were adorable but a little large, so I immediately put the away as I knew my toddler could wear the next season, well when finally pulling them out to be worn I noticed the entire seam inside one leg was not sewn together???Disappointing that you shipped a 10M when I ordered a 10.5 M. Please try to be more customer service focused.yup fitsThe buttons where loose, I ordered a small but it came in large and still didn't fit me. The top was for a child, and the bottoms where worthless after a few uses. I really liked this swimsuit and I was really sad to see that the largest size didn't fit me (I'm a extra small!)Make very well but fits my nine year old daughter an ex large sucks for me but looks cute on her..Gave my 2 old blisters the first hour he wore them inside the house.Top of the boot has no stretch what so ever to put your foot in.Way too large and heavy... They don't stay upright on your ear.Buy a size up ladies..I couldn't get into mine and tore them. Never worn..dissapointed i have to buy another size up. .waisted my money maybe i can give them 5 stars if i can get into the next pair.The design is cute but I was very disappointed being that the ring doesn't sparkle & looks somewhat cheap. The picture is very deceiving.The boot is very confortable!the material is not goodoverall a good buy for the outdoors.This replaced my whole purse. I love it!The color I received is not the same as the one pictured. The pair I got where tan brown throughout and look plain but the one's pictured appear to have a weathered look with various colors and detail throughout. I also feel these boots are heavy and make a stomping sound when I walk it's embarrassing to wear them because they make so much noise. The shaft of the boot is very stiff and the vamp is narrow. Overall  I would not recommend buying this product online to save a few bucks. I wish I would have gone to the store so I knew what I was buying....and chosen not to.Awesome boot.It broke after two weeks of regular use. The zipper tabs broke on the first day. The faux leather straps broke soon after.We purchased these socks on the recommendation of several reviews.  However, we are not pleased with the socks we received.  They are advertised as knee high.  The ones we received came a couple of inches below my husband's knees.  They also do not stay up as was advertised.  He is constantly taking his cowboy boots off to pull up his socks.  We are very disappointed with the quality of the socks.  They do not live up to the reviews and descriptions.  We will not be buying any more of these.Its cute and cheap andcomfortable looking till you put it on, its not true to its size , the shorts part is way too small.Good price for nice looking shoes, but you get what you pay for...they're cheaply made and have no support. I'm getting rid of them because they're ruining my feet. Wish I had spent a bit more $ and bought real boots.These shrubs were way to big ,if ordering these order smaller size and taller, also to short and I am only 5'2" tall.Good qualityI was disappointed in this shirt. And shrunk a lot and the Quality of the cotton is not good.  It feels stiff and hard and scratchy. I like a softer feel.  Also the logo is not great and you can tell they trying to make it look distressed but it comes off amateur.Best suspenders I have ever owned. They stay on my belt, and are comfortableI normally wear an 8.5, but that was way too large. I am thankful for free shipping for returns. I re-ordered a 7.5, and they fit perfectly. When trying them on, however, I noticed the frame of the boot poking my ankles.  I'm hopeful this is just a stiffness that will wear off.Started buying 501's in 2011 when I started college, but I wore strictly Levi's growing up. I still have three old pairs of 501's from that time. Two prewashed and one pair of shrink to fits. The fit on all of them is similar, but the ones I worked outdoors in and washed and dried more had a slimer fit in the legs. I spent a year & a half in the shrink to fits but overall: they are alittle less comfortable and less flattering. Of all of them, the last pair I purchased, ablack pre washed with dark gray rivets and regular patch, a combination they no longer make I think, are the only ones I still use, now that I can fit into them again. For a while I switched to Wrangler 13wmz's after I gained some weight. I wanted to buy some new 501s since I've been getting alota use out of those old ones. I went to a local Levi's retailer to try some on to determine just was size I should buy online. I'm glad I did because I found that 501s are not what they used to be. Now, I've heard from my dad, my old boss, and other loyal Levi's customers that Levi's used to be made with a more stiff, durable denim fabric, and from the vintage Levi's I've collected and seen, I can say that's the truth. But as long as I have buying them new for myself, they've been kinda lightweight (Good for the weather here in Texas), with a distinct smoothness after significant wear, and still pretty durable. Today, the fabric feels completely different, although I can't speak to its durability. My biggest complaint is with the fit. Pictures of the aforementioned folks during the 70's & 80's show a jean that looks similar to the jeans I used buy. I can't really say that's still true. These new 501's don't have the roomy seat that I associate with the cut, they sit lower on the waist, and the pewter riveted buttons on the fly and waist are smaller and more delicate than they used to be. The crotch it's more comfortable now, sure, but I liked the snug, old school, cowboy look that they used to have. They basically fit like a slightly relaxes skinny jean now, and personally, I think skinny jeans look absurd with western boots, on both men and women, and that's usually what I wear. I have always loved Levi's, and think that the old 501 cut will always have a nostalgia and elegance in design that other jeans just don't have, but they have lost my business with these recent changes.The material was to sheer. The fit was okay, I expected it to be form fitting but the adjustable waistline made my belly looks bumpy.its a good hat fits me well BUT

some of the stitching is already comeing out and i just took it out of the box didn't like that i also didn't like that is made in china but other than that its a good hat and i will see how it holds up in the woodsOk, very cheap material. Looks ok but probably won't last too long.The previous model was better. The bottom grip peels off after a few uses.  With some shoe glue it will fix it, but not the quality that I expect from Merrell.  The bottom grip peeling aside, it is a very good shoe for the gym and basketball, which is what I use them for.Beautiful design concept with the use of mixed media/textiles.  Had to return however as the beige straps and lining are not leather as stated, but synthetic and makes the rest of the shoe look cheap. The fur strap I found also to be quite narrow, although I consider myself to be a narrow to average foot width.The strap is way too tight, and I can't get my foot all the way in. Hopefully it will loosen up and break in.Even after reading reviews and picking a sz up, this top was very small. Not for an american 36c woman at all.I love Havaianas but the sizing for the ones I have bought on Amazon don't seem to correlate with the stated sizes.  I have probably bought 6 pairs and out of those only one fit me well.  I wear a 7 or 7.5 in all of my street shoes (larger in running shoes only) and never need wide.  One pair fit well, another well enough to keep, one I gave away to my daughter and the rest were returned.  I have returned pairs that are too small only to buy the next size up and find it is too large.  I guess I am destined to pay full price in a brick and mortar store to get another pair that fits well.Somewhat large and clumsy. Had to return them.Very nice but didn't see the point of the band?Good, common jammies. Fits on 6'6" man.This is a non-soft material not unlike denim.  I didn't realize and it doesn't say in the description that there are many crystals imbedded in the design.Happy with the charms and watch but the chain was in 3 pieces.  I have jewelry tools so I fixed it.Not so much. feels confining.  Surprisingly no great movement.I'm a huge fan of CK low rise trunks and have just about every iteration (Bold, X Micro, Steel, Pro Stretch Reflex, CK one, etc.) but I'm not big on these.

The good points:

-fit is right on (I wear M and they fit just fine)

-if you like a ribbed cotton, these are for you

The bad points:

-the material is noticeably thinner and cheaper feeling than other CK trunks

-there is no pouch at the front

-the waistband is not stiff, too thin, and rolls too easily (some may like this, I don't)

-the trunks overall has a less structured material that is more prone to movement, including the waistband; I like CK trunks because they have structure and stay in place but not the Concept trunks

I'll buy other CK trunks, just not the Concept again.Screen print was really cheap "1970's style" heat transfer. I ordered size L and it was clear this was just screen printed onto a random XL or XXL shirt. Colors were faded and not vibrant at all.  Very overpriced compared to most novelty tees (I have over 40, this was the worst quality).They have a nice wet look, fit my wife great and are form fitting. The price was right for usVery poor quality shoesHeavy and it catches my dress and damage it.Thinner than I expected but other than that my husband loves it!The fit is good.Pre-pregnancy size 6, 34DD. Ordered a Large at 31 weeks. Could hardly get it on. Oddly, it was the top seam that was tight, not under the bust like I expected. Also the clasps seemed difficult to reattach which I wouldnt want with a newborn. Definitely returning.Washes up niceMy only complaint is they are larger than I thought they would be.I bought this vest right before a weekend trip that I didn't want to have to pack a lot in my carry on, or carry a bag with me when I was out and about.  The material wasn't what I was expecting, it didn't look like something that thin could carry much without looking bulged out all over the place.  After putting the vest on, however, I was surprised and delighted at the features.  The vest hangs very well from the shoulders, and though I didn't load it up with a lot of heavy items, it distributed the weight well along the shoulders and top of the back.  There are pockets that I still aren't exactly sure what I'm supposed to do with, but I used them nonetheless. The lapel pockets work great for large cell phones and flatter electronics.  There is a very nice sunglasses pocket that has a lens cleaning cloth attached on a lanyard, that you don't even realize is there until you need it, and printed on it is the layout of the pockets on the vest!  The inside pockets are laid out nicely, with a very large one that I kept my 10" tablet in. It's obvious you are carrying one of course, but with the zipper up, its not at all uncomfortable. The only problem with having so many pockets, is trying to remember where you put things!
  Overall, I really like this vest.  The only problems I seemed to have with it, were the zippers getting stuck on the fabric from time to time, and the Velcro on collar (for hiding headphone cables and such) scratching my neck occasionally.
  I ordered the XL, and I am 5'11" and weigh 220lbs.  It fits pretty well, and wouldn't go to a different size.The back pocket started to come apart within 5 days of light use. When I reached out to the seller they commented: "we can not do anything about it". Aside from that, these are ok basic scrubs with a single pocket in the back of the pants and one on the front left of the shirt (with pen slot).  Note that the shirt is a little bit short. The medium sized shirt has a good length but it is very wide (I'm 5'9" by the way). For the price, I was expecting a little more from these, or at least the seller to stand by their product.I wouldn't  wear this product, it is hard material and huge size for big people. I am 180 lbs.....it is just bad productLove my new dress, but it fits as a shirt. I purchase this dress for my vaction to Florida when I tried it on it was to short to wear as a dress. But if you like your ass out then its the dress for you. Still love the dress need to wear shorts or spandex.I gave this a 2 star review because I had to send it back because it was too small. I'm a big girl and this thermal shirt didn't feel me well the way I thought it wouldProbably going to have to send back. Husband has worn this brand for years. Ordered same size (10 1/2, common,) this was the ONLY pair I could find in size needed in ANY color. What's that about. The Spira Company wasn't even helpful. They look about a size smaller than all his other pairs. What happened there?scratches easy but great gift overall for a coupleThis Nicaragua-made "Men's X Large" is about a woman's size 8-10. And SOOOO think undershirt.  I could probably crunch it up and hold it within one fist!  AWFUL.I love it.  Very pretty.Cape is good. That's itI ended up returning them because they didn't fit right.  They are very high waisted and were too large in the waist, but the calves were very tight.A little too small.fits good feels stiff and scratchy,rather it be made of rayon instead...I've tried these and if you have anything other than a flat butt you will not like them...I purchased the L (based on the sizing reqs) and then the XL (because I like the fact they have a bit more wool in compared to the Ibex)... they ride up...I'll still keep them both for use in my biking classes because I don't like to return stuff I've worn (and how else can you really tell with briefs)...I do LOVE the ibex woman's balance brief...  based on the ibex sizing I bought the L size... they don't ride up at all and the wool properties make it great for travel or anytime you need a quick wash-dry-wear... I'm buying another pair of thoseNot good quality and to expensiveFit is true to size, comfortable but cheaply made with felt on the bottom of the soles that is slippery on surfaces. Mine had a slight manufacturing defect. still make nice weekend work shoes. What do you expect for $24?The costume was listed as including the glasses and they were missing from the packageIts a lot of money for something that feels like its from Target. I like the features but the material is stiff and looks like it was made in cheap factory. IfThese are SHEER. Almost like thick panty hose. Just fyi.This is a beautiful silver bracelet, but don't expect to see the diamonds as clearly as you see them in the photo. As a matter of fact they are almost undetectable. But the bracelet is lovely, light weight and just the right size for my small wrist. I love it.I wouldn't buy another cami from you, as the sizing is off. However, this one will work for me. Maybe they are sized for children.The seam came apart after only 2 washes on all 3 pairs.Nice looking sandal, back strap little smallI like them because of the material and the waist fits OK. I will say that if they were any longer I would not like them. They come right down to the knees and the crotch hangs low. I guess they were made for some one larger but according to the sizing chart my 35/36 inch waist I should buy the large and that is what I did. I did buy them for home so I guess I will stop complaining for now. I may buy another pair but try a medium.These shirts run small. I like the art, but one of the sleeves is off-alignment from the stripes. Also the seams stretch and the stitching is very around the shoulder seam becomes very visible.  Great price though!This is a lovely ring, but the description needs to be a little more detailed. Its a double band in the sense that its a spinner. The second "band" is a small sterling strip that's in the middle of the ring's larger main band and its essentially a really loose little spinner. From the image (especially when displayed on a small iPhone screen) its hard to distinguish that. I just ended up giving it to my mother though who likes it all the same.obviously buying shoes online comes with risks like the shoe not fitting, my feet are hard to shop for so I don't know if everybody would have this issue, but even after buying a larger size than my norm (normally a 9.5, had to go for a 10), I had to loosen the laces as far as they could go. However in terms of looks, I'm very happy with them so I'd probably just wear them when I don't have to do a lot of walking.My favorite vest of the season. Hood zips off too.Made with low quality  rough material. And the size is too small.All I buy is this style and brand, and typically LOVE THEM, but for whatever reason, mine did not come with the utility pockets or back pockets! What happened here???Good quality but it is too large for my head.Not a great wallet if you like having compartments or storage. Only two pockets, one to store a photo id, and the other to store the rest of your cards. This isn't ideal as its hard to fumble through all your cards when searching for one. Its great quality though and feels nice. I also found that many times my cards would fall out of the pockets because they were too loose (I had 5 cards in one side).LOVE the shirt but cannot wear it. I ordered size larger and it fits like 2 sizes smaller. So I have 2 shirts now I cannot wear :( poops. Great shirt thoughCups true to size back on the large sizeHighly recommended!These shoes are flimsy. Have them for 6 months, wore them only 6 or 7 times and the sole came unglued.Best costume I've had! The belt could b a little tighter bc when there r cans in it the belt sinks. Other than that it was awesome! Just don't wear too much under it, it does get tosty!Really big- I could of made for cheapercomfortableThis thing is huge, but it does what I need it to do!Insoles in these shoes suck. I highly recommend that nobody buy these horrible shoes.This bra is NOT "100% Cotton", as the description advertises. This was a lot of wasted time and money, and now I have to return the 2 bras. The content of this bra is: "Cups, Band, Interlocking Strap 100% POLYESTER, Frames 90% NYLON, 10% SPANDEX, Band Lining 50% Cotton, 50% POLYESTER, Back Band Facing 84% NATURAL RUBBER LATEX, 16% NYLON Exclusive of Trim and Elastics". Whew, what a blend! Surely my chest would be covered in painful red rash within seconds, and what a smell!The band is crooked, metal arround the spring is not aligned, leaving a Pebble with a big holeFits bigger for the sizes they listI've worn these shoes for YEARS! They are abit small! I'm not sure why!Great Watch, easy to read! Very inexpensive, I will buy again.Very uncomfortable steel toed shoes. Sent back for refund.Will be returning this item as soon as possible. The fabric is somewhat see through and extremely poor quality.great sandal even for a high archI was extremely excited when I ordered this ring for my husband, however I received an e-mail stating that the ring was out of stock and that I could exchange my purchase for a dog tag instead. If I wanted a dog tag that is what I would have ordered in the beginning. Customer service representative cut me off while speaking several times and I had to ask her to let me finish one sentence. What really bothers me is that I do not own a credit card so I had purchased a gift card to complete my online holiday shopping. I was told it would take 3-5 business days to refund my money. Now my only option is to either purchase another gift card and hope that my order will be shipped on time, or drag my nine month old into numerous stores to try to replace my husband's gift. I do understand that sometimes things go wrong, but why are you allowing customers to place orders on items that are not available. I am highly disappointed!I ordered a 3x, a size larger than I ordinarily would, thinking it would be big and snuggly. It's definitely not big, and is snug. The fabric is soft and stretchy, though.A little short in the torso for me. It's a plain, cheap, plastic rain jacket. It doesn't breath at all, and I've already ripped one of the webbings at the end of the sleeve at the wrist out on accident while putting it on. You get what you pay for.Color was not gray. More of a gray mauve.I have some xls at home i ordered 2xl and when placed on top of each other the shirts are exactly the same size in all aspectsI had it less than a week and the stone fell out and I was not amused. I ordered another one without a stone from ebay . The ring I bought from amazon was very pretty and I was disappointed that the stone fell out. I wish they would fix these rings so the stone doesn't fall out in future. I would like another one but I am not returning this one just throwing it away. I'm not paying for another one either.I usually wear a Medium so I ordered the shirt and it fit perfectly. It is a nice light fabric. It wrinkles but is easy to iron. After about 5-6 washes, the shirt started to look very worn and doesn't have much life left in it.The white strap picks up stains very easily. Don't wear when your cooking!Its like these shoes aren't even made by New Balance. I've been wearing NB shoes for years and they have all fit about the same and are very comfortable. These shoes fit like they are almost a size too large. The heel slides up and down and blisters you, they're very stiff all over, the insoles aren't very good. It feels like they are some cheap knockoff brand that just put a New Balance logo on the back of a shoe. Horribleit was a little hard to put onThis sweater has wool in it.  It says mixed materials, so I took a chance. I had to give it to a friend as it makes me break out in hives.Disappointed with the fit but the design was beautiful! !They were too small and not because I didn't order the right size. I ordered two of the same size and style with differnent designs from different sellers and the other pair fit perfect in the same size as these. I really like the pattern and design so I am very dissapointed that they didn't fit. I wanted to order one size up but that size was not in stock.This was a gift for my daughter and she absolutely loves it!Hot little number...great if you like tiny undies....you don't even know you're wearing a g-string. The sizing is American and pretty true to that. I ordered a medium and it fits great.This is somewhat small across the shoulders and chest. I am 5'3 and 145 lbs - normally a 36B-C chest. But it looks cute and the color is great.Didn't fit as expected and I followed their measurements. returned it.While the boxers are nice looking and super soft, they have a funny rubber smell. They're super comfy, so I am hoping the smell will go away after a few more washes.This is stunning.  I have an impressive watch collection and this takes the cookie and I love wearing it the most.  Even though it is very dressy I have noticed that I can wear it casual without it looking out of place as long as I am not wearing sweats or anything scrubby.  If what I am wearing is casual jeans but nice in appearance this watch fits.  When I wear something dressy, the dressier side of this watch shows.  The band is beautiful the bezel and automatic skeleton view is eye catching and it truly is the price of the lot.  I would highly recommend this.It ls exactly like the picture, even though the fabric is not as soft as I expected. I ordered a size Large though I usually wear size Small or Medium and it fits just right.The top is too large but the bottom is too small. You you're looking for a swimsuit to make your butt look flat this is it.I like this product and have been a loyal Merrell user for about a decade now. As I get older and counterintuitively, more active, I've noticed a need for more arch support in my footwear. When I buy Merrell's, I immediately throw out the factory insole and buy an after-market product. The people who sold me that insole mentioned that major shoe manufacturers have given up on high quality insoles because the after-market ones are of high quality and can be customized for individual fit.

Im my experience, high quality insoles help provide a proper arch and heel support and complement the otherwise high quality of the shoe to make for prolonged used of the product. With proper insoles, I also don't get the tired beaten-up feet at the end of the day.

Having said all that, I think high quality shoes should stand on their own merit. After having paid $125, I should not have to pay another $50 to use it.Product was black as depicted. It was a dress as depicted. That is the limits of what was depicted That was met in the product I received. The neck is only technically scalloped...if you look closely you cn even the potential scallopingI'm pretty convinced this is an American apparel knockoff.  I have the real AA dress I bought in the store. I bought the same size small in both. The AA one is a softer fabric,  better fit on the breast, and shorter length.
Overall,  the AA is a better fit for me (5 foot 112 lbs). However,  it's a pretty decent knockoff.I am a recent fan of Patty tops, especially their sweaters.  I was disappointed in this top, however.  I am 5'11" and 140 lbs and am most comfortable in a large in Patty tops (typically I wear a medium in most other tops).  I ordered the green and it is darker than I expected- closer to hunter than olive.  However, it was the fit that just didn't work for me.  It is simply too big, too long and too loose.  Sadly, it's going back.Such a cute outfit. I would buy again in another color it also fits great.I really wanted to like this dress, but the material feels synthetic and has very little give. I normally wear a L But even sizing up to an XL it was too tight.The outer shell is good the inner is lose and I have very large lags! Padding very thin so if that is what you want this is good.Looks nice haven't iron it on yet but I don't think I have a problemThis hat was so small it wouldn't fit a child.They are so comfortable and I love the material. I would consider buying another color too. I have since looked at the other Rekucci products and am highly interested in purchasing other stuff they have. Love, love, love!Somewhat small and not terribly soft, but otherwise ok.I love this thin wallet and the quality is great. It holds all my cards without feeling to stuffed or bulky. The only downfall I would say is that you don't get the official card and registration form in case anything goes wrong like you would from the actual Kate Spade store.not recommend.Very thin and gets tangled too much.....Order a size up. I got a large and I'm a 36C and the top looked ridiculous on me. Will be returning.Runs about 2 sizes smaller than it states, but lovely none the less!These are nice shoes .Looks greati absolutely blove this bag. it has alot of pockets, its waterproof and fits my medical everyday needs.pretty tough bagI was very good pleased with this purchase, great price and it fit just like I expected it to. Not too tight and very flattering on the body. Super comfortable, only thing I wish it had was buttons on the crotch for easy bathroom going lol. Other than that it's great!Fits is great. My son loves it. I wash it all the time. I just don't put it in the dryer in case of shrinkage.Laces too long
Tripping hazardTo littleDidn't fit at all.  Was supposed to be slim...but I'm guessing it was a 'skinny'.  Sleeves very long.  quality of garmet was OK for the price.  It simply did not fit.Fits other than the sleeves are way to small and I do not like that a 3XL means L for US sizing, very confusing, the buttons are hard to fasten.Fit as good! My boyfriend likes them!Not for the frontally-endowed.Got my order in good time. my only problem is the wedding band was just about a half size smaller than the engagement ring so my wife had an extremely hard time getting it off her finger. she loves the engagement ring though and has no problems with it at all. its not such a big problem for me because i was just trying buying it for the engagement ring and thought i could just replace her old wedding band with a new one to match in case she wanted it too but if somebody had ordered this for the wedding itself it may not have gone over so well if they ordered and received it as a last minute sort of thing. it was worth the price for the engagement ring anyway and she said she would save the band for in case she loses some weight and her hands shrink a bit. the rings were both supposed to be size 11 if that gives anyone a perspective on that fact. all in all shes happy so it works.Im 5'4, 142 lbs. I wear a 34B in bra. I ordered the large in this bathing suit and it is pretty small!  It fits, but it is kind of cutting circulation on my butt. Very tight on my groin. The top piece fits good. The cushion on the bra is very cheap material. But no one can tell. Im keeping it for the price.Disappointed! Inside pockets too small. Was hoping it would be similar in size and quality as The Platinum 7 50 inch garment bag. This unit not the quality of my Platinum 7 suiter. I returned bag for refund.Very Pretty and stay secureLittle tight, had to stretch them with a baseball pushes in the toe over nightc-This metal shoehorn was exactly what I had expected.  It is made from metal, so it is very sturdy and does not bend under pressure when using it.  It's long enough that you can use it standing up - I like that.Needed a simple but elegant necklace to wear for my daughter' s wedding.  This  was perfect.  I received a number of compliments.Of course the actual wig is nowhere near as full-looking as the picture, which I was expecting for the price.  You can see the mesh in spots in the back.  But it is definitely nice & "poofy" and crazy looking.  I think I have a pretty normal size head, and it's a little small on me.  But for what I need, it's good enough.Really, really like these tees.  Bought several colors when they were $7.50 (or so) in a 1x.  They fit as expected, but realizing they were 100% cotton, decided to purchase some other colors in a 2x.  (And the price had gone up in a matter of a few days!?!)  The colors are very vibrant, and I hope they remain that way.  Another reviewer had noted certain colors were a little different quality than others because they were made in a different country, and I also found this to be true.  Certain colors (I think white was one) were a little thinner and were also slightly smaller in size than the other colors.  I didn't like it, but this was not a big deal for me.

Didn't give these a 5 star basically for one reason......LACK OF SPANDEX!  These tees would have been absolutely perfect -- ABSOLUTELY PERFECT -- if they had just a touch of spandex!  Spandex gives some stretch; keeps cotton more wrinkle free after a wash; and prevents cotton from shrinking.  I don't know why, but you rarely find shells (which is how I use these tees -- to layer) with SPANDEX!  It also gives cotton a bit more body.  SPANDEX, y'all!My granddaughter, six, LOVED this jacket! It's well-made, soft, and loudly My Little Pony!Nice color but not true to size,also not durableI normally wear a Medium.  After reading all the reviews, I purchased an XL.  The top fit perfectly, although didn't appear right.  Because this product was stuffed in a tiny bag, not folded correctly, the top padded area was wrinkled. Like a permanent wrinkle that you can't iron out so your chest looks like it has indents in it.  The bottoms were small.  Tight around the waste and super narrow in the leg openings.  I'm not a big person. I'm considered perhaps a little tiny under weight for my height and weight yet the leg openings would totally cut off my circulation.  That's how tight they were. I thought about altering the shorts to widening the leg area but decided against it.  The color was really nice and I was really hoping to be able to wear this but sadly cannot.  I'm not sure how the model in the picture can fit into it.

This product was purchased at a discount for my honest review.great fit and feelingUsed this for my 4 year old who portrayed Mary in a Church pageant.  The headpiece was a little awkward to secure and ultimately had to be tied a little around her hair and put in place with a bobby pin.  The elastic strap for her head was a little too large.  Other than that it was a great costume.The only problem i found with it was that the print itself was, in some places, poorly cut making it appear for lack of a better term ragged other than that it's more than i was expecting.cheap quality, I sent it backIf you will look at my original order you will see I ordered size 81/2 medium width (US). Therefore the shoes were too short and two wide To give the Devil his due, I may have misunderstood the wording of the ad as it was rather nebulous. I have returned the shoes, and received credit on my credit card. The shoes were a birthday gift and I was embarrassed  by the mistake. On the plus side you have made it easy to return. One star for merchandise, 5 stars for customer service for the return. We have since bought a pair of shoes at LL Bean in store.This skirt is amazing, and I didn't expect much for the price. I'm 5'10" and its upper thigh on me and its hard to keep it down with the suspenders. I wore it out once and it started ripping apart at the seam where the bottom elastic and skirt come together. I can fix it easily, and it's not like I was expecting some high end skirt. Over all it's cute, a little short, and rips easily, but easy to see up.Classic shoe, great fit. This is my second time purchasing these... just in different sizes. Awesome shoe.Tried these on, and they look great!  They feel fit (as long as you order a size up; I'm a 35waist and ordered XL), and feel great when you first put them on.  The problem with these is that they ride up when you sit or bend your legs at he waist, and become very uncomfortable.  It's the lower elastic band; when it rides up, it rolls up and doesn't go back down, just becomes a hard roll around your upper thigh and is very uncomfortable to your legs and package.  (I think these would be a A LOT better, if the lower elastic band were wider.)  So although they look and feel great, they just aren't functional for everyday wear.I am a size 2 or 4 and I order the stuff in the medium large when I received it it was way too tight for me there is no way I could have wore this for working out.They are not very fit.I am 5'7", 140lbs, slim Asian, and i wear US small (e.g. H&M)generally. So i bought the Size S. But the shirt is too tight, and the most ridiculous thing is the sleeves are up to my elbows. Are you kidding me?I love this ring so much! It's really sparkly and big. I constantly get compliments on it whenever I ware it, which is almost everyday. The stones haven't fallen out at all and I've had it for a good two months now. Doesn't turn your finger green or anything like that. Love it!Had to return the first pair because they were to large, but the return was easy and I got a smaller size and they are great.Cut to smallThis was my first pair of converse, so I didn't know what to expect. The shoe is way too big when I ordered to my size. So large, I kept tripping! No arch support at all.This jacket was to replace one I've had for 17 years. I ordered a size Large. The jacket fit well through the chest but the sleeves were way too snug. I went to a local Levis retailer to try the jackets on thinking I would find a better fit but the results were the same. When comparing the sleeves, new jacket on top of old jacket, the new jacket sleeves are a good 1.5 inches (3 inches of circumference) smaller at the shoulder. I have skinny arms and this jacket was WAY TOO SNUG in the arms. I don't know who this would fit comfortably.These shoes were too wide, even with a pad/insert.  I could not keep them on and finally gave them away.I got 2 of these after reading the comments I knew they would possible fit large.  My husband is typically a large but being a swim shirt I got a L and XL.. The Large fit fine and was loose on him so we returned the XL.  Plus we were on the river ALL day and it was perfect protection for him.Screws fell out that held lens in place. Seems to be a common problem with these glasses.it's a strange item, the webbing is a bit abrasive and they will not prevent liquids from seeping out.

I had bought them based on all the glowing reviews, but then realized when I received them that the company is "encouraging" people to write positive reviews. see attached photo of note that comes in the package.TLDR: Fits narrower AND longer than the old 623v2.

I used to be happy with 623v2 11.5 2E but those are no longer in stock. The size tool said to try 623v3 12 2E (was too long), tried 623v3 11.5 4E (still too long), then 623v3 11 2E (length OK but still longer, also much narrower than the 623v2 11.5 2E). 623v3 11 4E is still narrower and longer than the 623v2 11.5 2E. It's a good thing these fit OK because there isn't a wider style to go to and I can't go down a length size to address them being longer because then I'd be stuck in narrower shoes again.

In the end I had to go down a half a size from 623v2 to 623v3 and still ended up with a longer less wide shoe.only minor alterations requiredThis turned out a lot nicer than I expected it would! The material actually has a silky texture. The print quality is fantastic. However, the stitching on the sleeves is a bit weird, like it's on the wrong side. I'm 4'10", about 95lbs, and got the 100-130lb in purple, and it fit just fine (ends about 4" above the knees). With leggings it'd make a great mini dress. I also found it looks good tying on the silky black strip tight and pulling the blouse over a little; fits it better over jeans. Tempted to order other colors, now. ;) For the price, I'm happy!Good size for me. Not too big and lays nicely around the neck.The stretchy waist is super comfortable, but they're a little big on me and slide down. So I put on a belt, only to discover there are only 2 belt loops, both at the front. None on back or sides. I guess they are meant to be purely decorative belt loops, as opposed to functional ones? Then it occurred to me that perhaps I'd inadvertently bought pregnancy pants.
One other gripe, the leg pockets are fake. I wanted pockets! I don't need huge cargo pockets but it would be nice if they were real, so I could keep, say, an iPod on there while at work. Next step-try to create some kind of belt loops in back. It's ridiculous trying to use a belt with only 2 front loops. They are comfortable though, and except for the waist, they fit nicely.A 1/2 size bigger than the normal for a Nine West shoes.The jeans do not seem to be the same comfortable material usually found in Lee.  The are stiff even after washing.I had a pair of Merrell flats that I loved and pretty much wore into the ground. When I ordered these as a replacement it was disappointing - attractive but like others the backs cut into my ankle.The shoes look and fits as i expected but I got the worst blisters I'd ever had gotten in my life from a knew pair of hiking shoes. But I love the shoes fit and look. I'm going to try changing out the insouls  for some orthopedic messages.I ordered an extra large and it fits me like a medium. I wanted it to be baggy but it hugs my butt very tight. I normally wear an XL and I expected it to fit. I like the material and the shape but it just runs way too small.This was a giftThis dress is beautiful the fabric is of high quality the lace is beautiful the only reason that I am returning it is because the fourth corset ribbon is sewn shut so it's unusable. Will reorder.The dress is so sheer 
I orderes 8 of them. I was very disappointedAdorable costume-very cozy indeed. Just be sure to order 2 sizes up. Also I had to remove the back fin and resew it up higher so it would be on the lower back as shown. I would say well worth the money though :)No stars at all, if I could. I reported receiving a damaged non-working item and offered me a discount. Why would I pay even partial if I will not be able to use the product? I have demanded for a replacement but never heard back. ai am calling the back in a day or two if they will not confirm sending a replacement or giving a full refund. The defective item is just sitting in the garage waiting to be dumped.the spelling on the name tape was perfect the only issue is that it came with some sort of stain or discoloration on the upper left corner and it really stands out, since im a video milsim paintballer the discrepancy shows on camera in clear daylight and is very noticeable.I have had the other type of go walk shoes and LOVED THEM, but these did not do well at all for the walking I needed to do. I walk min of 5 miles a day. I really was expecting it to keep the shape around my foot. I would not buy this type of go walk for myself, but am sure causal walking would be fine for this shoe. I have had mine for about 3 weeks and wished I could send them back for the brand I found that did work well for me.
I did find the shoe ran a smidgen smaller feeling than the slip on go walks I own. So, ordering take that in to consideration.The color silver is great. The strap feels a little tight on my foot, but it's to be expected until they stretch out. Other than that, they are great.I lost my black Isotoner gloves like these two weeks ago. They were comfortable, warm, and fit great.  So, needless to say I was on the hunt for another pair. I tried looking in several department stores, and all I could find were leather gloves or the kind I use to wear as a little girl (they just wouldn't do).  I saw these and ordered them in black & gray.  I received them fairly quick, and I love them. They are lined as described, fit good, and the price was right. Great for slipping on while driving or shoveling snow to keep your hands warm. LOVEM!!Had to get 11.5 only size they had I wear 11 they straight so many copliments thank youI recently bought this item for my 10 year old. You obviously can't expect them to take care of their shoes like we do. After a couple of months of usage, I have noticed premature wear on the bottom sole and the finish started wearing off. I like the price but not the quality.Great dress
Length and sleeve just what I wanted for casual.suggests contrast print with this style few words said il allI delivered a 7 pounder and they were snug on her- should go up to 8 lbs but WAY too tiny by the time she gained a pound.The color was absolutely nothing like the photo. I ordered the purple, which is pictured as a rich royal purple. What arrived was light gray, with a slight purple tinge.  It arrived open, like someone else had rejected it.  It has a very loose weave, but is quite soft.My granddaughter loved this ring and it is very high quality.I have Prime and this took forever to get to me so I cant give it a 5/5. Otherwise the product is great and comfortable for outdoor activities.Love them only one small problem. On the site it states Black....they are Dark Grey?overpriced and very small.Cute and sturdy. We drilled a hole in the top to add a feather! If only it would have stayed in my childrens heads! Poor fit.They fit fine and are comfortable; strangely they do very little for my physique. Everyone's different.A little short, and they could have used 1 more button at the bottom.  Overall fit is ok, but not what I expected from Van Heusen based on past experiences.This is a fall coat, once is not as warm as I thought for the winter cold.Okay, but run small.I am very disappointed in the shoe. It is very comfortable, but the quality is horrible. Since it was white I didn't start wearing it until about a month ago. The inner sole has completely worn out. I may have worn the shoe only 1 to 2 days a week. I do NOT recommend this shoe.Nice shirt, but fits tight for us fat guys.Very stiff and runs large but very warmJust OK ears are different not as adorable as the photo shown. Sizes do run small so I ordered a size up and it still looks small. Ear's are not even on the shirt but I guess it's OK but not worth what I paidi saw this on another website and it was way cheaper on amazon so i bought it here. when i tried it on it fit like a glove but it gave my hips a weird shape. it would be so obvious if you wore it in public.Ordered a size 4. I'm 5'5 128 lbs, usually a size 4-6. Fits very snug. Well made, nice material.OkFit perfect and very comfortableIf you loose you're weeding ring and need to get another one, this ring will do just fine.Not true to size. One wash ... Too tight already.Mild support, and very loose straps even when tightened all the way. Good for leisure wear, but not for work outs.Glasses are nicer than I expected.  Delivered on time, they look sick and even came with a nice carry/protective bag.  Lenses are very clear and for the price you just cant beat them.  If you want a pair of nice glasses for not a ton of money.  Look no further.  These have the look and durability and if you like to fish the polarized lenses help see right through that water.  Bottom line you will not be disappointed.It was much more impressive viewing it online.  When it came it's smaller than expected and hard to read verbiage on the outside.Great design & well made.  However, skirt desperately needs a kick pleat.  No way I would wear this, for the skirt prohibits normal movement.I love this dress!!! OMG!!!!!Style and fit were fine, however the color listed was white but the actual color was beige, very disappointed in color and returned the sandal.Takes a while to break in.The first vacation we went on with this piece and the wheels started to bend out.  Apparently the wheels couldn't handle the weight of the amount of clothes that the compartment was created for, which by the way got on the airplane without any additional fees for weight.  So this bag was not designed with actual travel in mind, if you like buying luggage to have in your home and imagine traveling with it this is a nice looking bag.These are cute. Seem to rip easily. After one wear, one pair already has a whole in it.Fits well. Graphics doesn't fade. Super Bowl!They say the sizes are one smaller than normal but it's not really true. The t shirt I got is very small and square - short and wide. It looks like a 90s t-shirt. What they show in the pic is not at all what I received. Note that the fabric is (or at least feels like) 100% polyester.This is my 7th or 8th Volcom boardshorts that I own.  I order a waist size of 32", but this is a little smaller, but my major gripe is there's no velcro in the pocket.  My others have it.  How do you secure your car key without it?well the horrible smell is still around and I have it for more than a year... cheap junkQuality is poor.

The clasp was loose from the beginning and got worse the longer I wore the watch.  Eventually the watch would not even stay closed.  This was within two weeks.I bought these for my daughter who normally wears a 71/2 or 8 regular width, and she said they rubbed her pinky toe, but besides needing them a little wider, she said the were comfortable and non-slip was good.I was looking for a little make-up bag since it sad 19" ... this bag is like 2.5 feet long! Its now my GYM bag instead of make-up bag... fits all my shampoos lotions, etc in side pockets. LOTS of room - I shouldnt even give it 2 stars bc it is a great bag - but the description was deceiving...cute but the ink cracks after the first washingSupposedly I ordered a "D" width. After receiving them, it appears that this is a standard width shoe, and I need something a little wider. I intend to use them only for mowing a lot of yard, so that's not going to be a real problem, but I wouldn't want wear them all day.This is a great belt. Is really adjustable, even if the belt becomes too big, you can trim it.The stones are beautiful and the same sizes, which is great. BUT how the stones are attached to the earring backing is a bit ridiculous. It looks like someone took hot glue to it.Too big. Looks bulkyNice pants they were just too snugI use these for work and they are great the black fades quickly but the tan holds color.
If you can wear walking shorts at work these are great.great quality true fit if you wear large then get large that was my mistake some reviews said it ran large but not in our case my dad usually wears XL so I got him Large since some said it ran to big but simply not true in his case so I recommend get the size you normally wear.  the quality is great would have been 5 star if it wasn't for that. the customer service dept is great they sent me a return label and full refund.I love the material and fits very nicely.The shirt was pretty cheaply made and WAY TOOOO BIG. The coloring wasn't bad, but overall I wouldn't purchase. The seller was nice and let me return it, which I did.Great quality,  nice and heavy material,  not see through like some of the others.  Its a little longer than others I have ordered here and the front is longer than the back.I love these shoes.  Well constructed.  They look good and feel good.I should have read all the reviews before purchasing this dress.  Straight from the package the sleeves looked like dingy white socks.  Yuck.it is comfortable but fits a little largeLove them and my wife love them as much. Size was perfect.I received the Women's A Line Vintage Maxi Skirts Floral Print One Size by Dalee free or discounted for my review.

When I was asked to review this skirt I was very skeptical about if it would fit my more volumptous figure or not. I am a curvy five foot three inch 145 pound woman. You can see in my other hundreds of reviews my size has not changed much - although I have lost 20 pounds over the years - probably due to getting older and stress haha but this skirt DID fit me! I normally wear a size 10 in pants, jeans, and skirts.

NOW ... with that said - I HIGHLY doubt it would fit any higher size and MAYBE would fit a size 12 depending on where you carry your body weight the most. If in the waist I would say NO but if elsewhere and have a waist that is no more than 31 and MAYBE 32 inches then go for it.

There is an elastic banded waist but as I said above you would be pushing it if you are more than a size 10.

The material on this very pretty and feminine skirt is light weight and very flowy. There is a skirt liner so you won't see anything showing that you do not want to show.

This skirt has yards of material ladies and is truly a twirling playful skirt which would be awesome to dance in. It is a demure fashion perfect for a tea party, church, ladies day out, the office, weddings, and anywhere you want to flaunt your feminine side.

You can see how long it is by my photos - keeping in mind I am a mere five foot three inches tall. I am not joking when I saw they were generous with the fabric which by the way is gorgeous!

I agree with the other reviewers that this is not necessarily "one size" but I do not agree that it would only fit really small sized women as you can see I have it on, it is comfortable, and I am a size 10. HOWEVER remember we are all shaped differently so consider that when deciding to order.

The quality is spot on, the seams are all great, no loose threads etc and it fit me so I am going to give it 5 stars based on those things and feel good suggesting you give it a try after reading ALL reviews and seeing the body sizes and shapes of women it fit and judging for yourself.

Thank you for reading and I hope this was helpful.Ordered black received blue go figure.May want to go a size larger.Comfortable but a touch too big.According to the size chart. I should have worn xl.however they only had an xxlso to be fair. I knew they would be large.  I inserted a 2" wide elastic in the waist and that kept them perfectly from falling down.  Love the print and they are very comfortable.  I wore them on Valentine's Day and they were lovelygreat buy for the price.  Just wish they were a bit longer and more of a wider palazzo pant.  I would buy another pair, though.I made sure to read the reviews prior to purchasing, of course. People had mentioned that the sweater came a bit large. In the picture it appeared that it might be a bit short in torso length so I went ahead and got a large. I'm glad I did.

Other individuals had reviewed that the sweater is far larger than the size ordered. That's only partly true. The torso length is fine. I'm 5'9 and a large has no bunching in the front with my torso length. (Of course we're all built differently)

The pockets are too small. Simply put. I can ball my hands into fists and I cannot fit my entire hand into the pockets. They were either an after thought or are simply for aesthetics.

The arms have two different styles of fabric sewn together. On the front, it's small bands, and on the back is a far more spacious banded fabric that hangs twice as large as the front. The length and width of the arms are enough to fit my entire leg into were I to try. The cuff on the sleeve is roughly three inches or more. Even with this folded completely up the sleeve reaches the pads of my hands. I have a 5"11 wingspan, so it's not as if the torso length is out of proportion to the sleeves, the sleeves are just gigantic.

All in all, it's workable. I've removed the seam from the pockets (as they didn't even bother to tie off the thread used to sew the pocket ends together) and extended the pockets myself. The sleeves make for a bit of a baggy look, but I was only going to use the sweater for a throw on and go item during cool weather anyhow. No big loss.

Were I to purchase a sweater again, I would pass on this item in favor for another brand who's proportions are correct.good beach shoeI chose this sandal as my first Vionic purchase hoping it would fit my narrow foot. I have recently started wearing orthotics in my shoes, but wanted some great supportive sandals that were fashionable . I'm very happy with the fit, the comfort and the fashion!I ordered my regular size the chest is too big and the waist is too small. It sort of has a bullet bra effectFYI, this shirt needs to be ironed. The cloth is thinner compared to the ones sold in official uniform stores. I expected it to be thinner considering the price is much cheaper. I'm satisfied with the shirt.My son is happy with his boots he got for Christmas. I like the grip on the bottom. Thank you.I accidently bought 8mm for my tragus and they were too short but these 10mm worked perfectly!Starting turning silver after not even 24 hours of wear... disappointed :(it is a gift for my mom, she said it looks good, but it's too heavy.As describedVery comfortable and easy to wear long term!Very stlishThese are the best purchase I have made in my time living in the basement. They keep my toes comfy cozy, and I will be looking into buying a second pair to be able to switch off now and then.Fake sperrys. Fell apart 2 months in.I could not have been more disappointed in the quality of this product. It's much smaller than expected and the "diamonds" are barely visibleHaving had a pair of an earlier version of these boots that finally needed to be replaced, I ordered these.  I have read many of the reviews--so I knew to order a larger size than I would normally wear.  Normally, I can wear a men's 8.5 in athletic shoes, so I assumed that ordering a size 11 in these boots would be safe.  I was wrong--even 2 1/2 sizes up was too small, so I returned them.  I figured that a 12 would do the trick.  Even those were a bit snug--and if I ever wanted to be able to wear a heavy sock, they would be too small.  So, I ordered a size 13.  They fit perfectly.

Other than the sizing issue, these are exactly the boots that I've been looking for, so I'm very pleased with them.  The boots on their own would warrant a 5 star rating...but the sizing issues involved would warrant a 1 star...so I compromised with a 3 star.

(Kudos go to Amazon, though, for swift and easy returns and refunds.)J-41 Looks good, fits both length and width (size 8 M).  Have only worn them a couple hours at at time but did not have any issues.  There is no arch support but this did not detract much from the shoe or the feel of it. My arches have fallen somewhat and I do need the arch support (that's why a 4 star)  but these still did not make my feet ache like others w/o the arch support.  There is a foam insert inside which gives some cushioning.. again only wore them for a couples hours at a time and have not tried an all day walk as yet.I was hoping for better after purchasing the waffe top socks from same manufacturer.  They are so thin I don't expect them to last long.  They are nice to wear under walking sandals - cool without streching sandals. I was hoping to wear them for work, but they are so thin and slippery it is easy for my foot to slide around too much.  I have several bamboo socks that are better suited for work, and about the same cost when on sale at Kohl's and Bass Outlet.These tops are okay quality. Not true to size. However the length is perfect as intended to wear with leggings.  For $10 each,  i wouldn't to buy more even though i was planning on  getting yellow and purple, having found better quality and price in Wal-Mart's athletic section.It said 2x it didn't fit like it.. Too smallThese fit as leggings, but are kind of disguised as slim fit jeans, due to the fabric.  They're heavier than most leggings, fit beautifully and are not too revealing. I'm a petite, 5'1", 112 lb and the fit of these is perfect for me.Arch VERY high.I ordered an xsmall, but the hat was more like a medium.  Gave it to a friend who wears medium hats.Wears well but the Tee is not long enoughI loved the way they fit and the way they looked. I was pleased. I wore them three times and the butt, crouch, and leg seams were coming apart. It was grey or white thread and the pants were black so it was very noticeable. It looks like grey hair coming out.I could barely pull these socks up to mid calve after a few minutes. And I'm 5' 10'' and only 135 lbs. I'm not big by any means and could t even get them all the way on.Pretty good quality bag but I can tell it won't last long because after taking it around to four performances, it started to ripNot a good fit nor what I expected in quality. I would not recommend this product. Save your money. That's it.This dress was pretty. My daughter loved it for her birthday party. Unfortunately, she couldn't wear it too long because it was itchy. The inside seam where the t-shirt material meets the skirt was scratchy.The jeans were nice and crisp white and good quality, but ran about two sizes smaller than other jeans. We had to return them.it is a very good choice if you are looking for something simple, but extremely fancy.
it is comfortable, light and very flexible.
there are just some heads up:
- ask for a smaller size than your actual size, i believe it will fit better on you
- the leather is very strong, and when you walk, it folds on your toels and kinda make you feel some pain
but that is the price for you to look goodI ordered this product because I loved the color combination on the picture. According to the description colors may vary from the picture, and yes, they do. I got a white, a hot pink and a yellow with red flowers. I will wear only the white... I will not send it back, as they kept their promise, but I still feel disappointed, I think the seller should post some pictures of each styles to be honest.My 2 year old wears a 7.5 - I bought a size 8 and I can't get the shoes on his feet. I like the shoe but what's the point if they're a struggle to get onThese shoes are cute online but in person...not so much.

The shoe is super light weight and flimsy feeling.  Because of this, it feels as if there is no support/stability.

My partial orthotic fit well into the heel of the shoe.

The shoe not only has aqua-colored accents (shoe string eyelets) but also has an aqua liner throughout the shoe. As I was slipping my socked foot into the shoe for the first time, that inner liner sort of bunched up and made the shoe top look distorted. As if the liner pushed forward and down causing the upper portion and toe of the shoe to twist upward.  Not a nice look.  At that point I decided that I didn't want to struggle with getting the shoe on each time.  I'm returning them.Really cute, just ran really small.I had Plantar Fasciitis so I bought these shoes to relive some of the heel pain.  They did not work to lessen my pain but worsened it.  I like the style of the shoes so I decided to keep them but I will not wear them for long periods of time.  I have only worn them around my house.  My pain is almost gone and I hope to wear these shoes out sometime in the future.Good fit!The material feels cheap. Not good tailored as fit like Express.I'm 5'7" roughly 160 lbs. I ordered a large to be on the safe side. Length was great, want too tight in the thigh and calf, hip area was a little loose but that was to be expected because of the size. But it's not that noticeable. Especially considering it's black.ordered a medium fit perfect, and material was good tooThe largest luggage piece in this 3 pics that I have bought have a manufacturers defect, the zipper just next to the pull on handle is not stitched. Very carelessness on the part of the supplier, even a half blind person can see the the zipper is not stitched to the body, as it is 7inches long and the light brownish interior is visible very clearly. the first thing when I opened the box its was visible. how can the supplier miss this ???
I surly would like to return but do I have a choice here, I don't want to spend more $$ for the returns, Better Just send the luggage to the upholstery shop for stitching. Not sure yet who much they will charge for the stitching..Overall pretty shoe, however sizes are very small. I wear 8.5 had to order size 41, the largest size.I like them.  They seem to be comfortable.  The finish looks a little cheap but I hope that with breaking them in they will look better.  I have wider calves and they fit loose and comfortable around them.The bright red pictured was a dull burgundy with olive green & mauve paisleys, like old faded curtains.  Seriously awful.  I don't know if they were low on ink at the factory this day, or they manipulated the web image into colors that someone from this century would be more likely to wear.  Returned it.so, i hate very much that these had to go back. they were more comfortable than any socks i have worn before, but way more expensive. i decided that the price was acceptable until the third time i wore a pair. they were already wearing through at the heal. for that kind of money, i expect them to last.NiceI enjoyed this tunic very much. It fits well and it hangs really nicely in my frame. Got compliments wearing this!Got these for Christmas as I was looking for some toe socks to wear up north on a trip during December and January.

Be aware that the material is extremely thin once you stretch the socks on, and you do have to stretch them on. I wear mens size 11 shoes so these socks are not too big. And these will not provide any insulation at all. Very, very thin material which under regular use will no doubt rip soon.

Also, for mens socks, the toe slot is very short. You have to force your flip flop on, stretching the material all the way down the toe slot.

I live in Florida and will never need to wear these down here. I only wanted something to give some warmth when traveling in colder climates. These won't do that unless I double them up!Quality not as expected. poor quality with the material falling apart.Sorry but these socks are awful. Didn't even get though one wear and they stretch out. They all went in the trash.I bought these thinking that they would fit because of the other reviews I read. I have a 15 inch calf and they we way too big in the calfs area. I returned them for the non wide calf boot and those fit perfectly.I will return these as they are to small.Pretty, sparkly, a bit bigger than expected, (in a good way) & it arrived very quickly.  I'm very pleased!I loved the idea and the colors. My 9 and 7 year old we're excited to get them but the bags ripped ( away from the zippers and mainly on the inside) within 2 uses each.Quality product and delivered on Sunday for my dad's birthday.  He loves it!Were returned.I live fifty miles from any sort of clothing store, and ordering clothing online is a bit risky, but these slacks are very nice, and the labeling for the fit was accurate.  Thanks!I bought these shoes (using my wife's account) and have worn them a great deal in the past 10 months.  Comfortable and good looking for sure.

Sadly, the construction has not held up.  Tear is along the sold in the picture below.  I'd buy them again as a short term solution, but not as a shoe I expected to actually last.This fitness shoes are ok.  I bought it with the intention of having a back up from my regular tennis shoes.  I found it quite small.  My regular size is 7 but this one with or without socks it rub off my big toe.  I tried two times and still the same.  They are also very light.Looks nice but the chain is too short.  My daughter bought it for her boyfriend who is quite tall.  It should fall a around the chest but it looked more like a choker.Had an annoying "new" smell, chemical petro is best I can describe.Very comfortable true to size everybody likes them because they have Mickey Mouse ears on them very soft I think that you wouldn't enjoy themA gift for a college gal.  She seemed pleased.Unfortunately, most TSA luggage locks are heavy heavy heavy! This one is made of plastic instead of heavinium, and is the lightest TSA lock on the market. If you follow the instructions, there is no problem programming it. Just wish these were cheaper!Piece of junk. Chronograph goes crazy, cannot reset it. Do not buy this watch.I gave it away.It was greatI wanted to get a visor that would fit over my horseback riding helmet to add a little extra length of a visor for my face. This visor fit perfectly & looks great toolHorrible,do not buy if you intend to use this product. I bought it as a prop for a school project and they arived broken and not even worth my time to look at.Bought this to replace an LLBEAN full length down coat that was shedding feathers after 5 years.  It is a lot more stylish and tight fitting, but definitely not as warm.  I really miss my LLBean coat - which they don't carry anymore.  Keeping this, but not thrilled.For the price, this product line appears to be a good buy. Wore this costume to the Ren fair and it was comfortable the entire day. Will most likely purchase more items from this company.these shoes were to dark a gold for what I wanted but for price great shoesThese are just okay.  They are on the thin side for my taste.  I prefer The Saucony Inferno Tab Socks as they are a little thicker and seem to stay in place better.Returned Gel-Exalt 2 immediately for another Asics (more expensive) model. They were very uncomfortable on my left foot because of the tongue base attachment interior stitching cutting into the top of my foot. I could not even walk around my home interior. They also had less cushioning than expected & were not supportive for a shoe meant for neutral to overpronators. Not bad looking but overall felt like a cheap running shoe even disregarding the painful left shoe. Hoping the replacement Nimbus model ordered, is up to Asics' usual good standards. Asics wear much better than Brooks which are my favorites for comfort & support.CuteI had to return these shoes. I have a narrow foot but these shoes in a 2A were way too narrow.Absolutely perfect.When I first tried this on, I LOVED how it fit.  It looked great and felt great.  However, I washed it according to the instructions (and I did NOT put it in the dryer).  When I took it out of the washer, both cups had come out!  In the other one (different color), one cup was out and the other was all scrunched up inside the bra.  It took ten minutes to get the cups back in place,and I can only hope that the bra still looks good when it dries (I'm air drying it).  I'm very disappointed in this bra so far... I really had high hopes.It is good quality bag, it serves us for car travel packing. The lack of outside pockets makes it not very practical for airplane travel.A little tight in the arms and shoulders but other than that I liked it. I think they run small I usually get a largevery cute, not meant to wear all day.Very thin. Several pair have little strings inside which are annoying and get caught on your toes when trying to put them on.My husband was not pleased with these shorts, I am returning them.  The color came up under white, but they are more of a grey.Ordered the biggest size and it was super tight. Strap broke as well.This was too big and it was also very thin. Not very good material or quality of workI contacted Bealls twice regarding the pair of navy Mallory Loafers I ordered from them.  The first time I wore them, the left shoe lacing completely unraveled.  I contacted them twice to ask them to make this right, and received no response to my emails.  VERY POOR BUSINESS PRACTICE, especially in these tough economic times.  They need to step up their game, especially when people have choices they can make--other than Bealls.  At least respond to the emails you receive about problems people encounter with your products.  I won't order anything else from Bealls.These are nicely made but are rather small and the detail is hard to see with out getting really close. From a distance they look more like a flower than a group of skulls.The color is not at all what the picture shows. I needed a light pink and although the tag and order says light pink, it is very definitely a coral. Very disappointed.It is too bad that these dresses run so small because they are really cute. the fabric is thick and seems like it would last a long time.Good product would buy again.Does not fit as expected.Strange material. Kinda look like baseball pants.great hiking boot.  Was very comfortable after hiking mountain and ziplining for half a dayLittle smaller than what I expected. After one use, the edges of the bra are less adhesive and peel away, making the bra look a little big or odd shaped. Other than that, pretty good product.These are junk. One time in the washer and they fell apart.Loved the comfortable shoes but even though bought same size as previous Skechers shoes these ones were a bit big. Kept them as living in Australia not worth the postage to send back.Love this shirt on my hubby and he loves it too!Because it's not possible that I am too fat for them.  Is it?Loved the look of this boot but it was just too tight, too narrow, too small.Great weight for a spring jacket.  The sleeves run quite long (we rolled them).  The body runs a little short in comparison to the sleeves, so I wouldn't recommend going down a size.returned themOne shoe was perfect, the other had a hole at the bottom! The quality was great, but I ordered a size larger than I thought I would need and I couldn't get it past my shoulders.Love this product!My daughter wore these no more than 5 times.  The soles are completely falling apart, and they are no longer wearable.I really liked the style and quality but they were about a 1/2 too small (I wear a 10).  Had to return themThese pants are perfect and very comfyDid not fit good. Not much happyFits but is a bit smallIt is a narrow strip that is about half as wide from top to bottom as the one pictured.  Would be cute on a very tiny girl which I'm not.The thong part of slipper is a bit narrow for my taste. Using it them as house slippers because it seems a bit flimsy against most of my clothes.Ordered this based on write up that it would fit wider calves, it does not. Returned. Boot appeared to be nice quality otherwise. Too bad it is so hard to find decent wideshaft boots out there.The  chalice and host are off centered making both to appear to be leaning to the right.  I will be sending it back.style was nice, but not comfortable shoes for me.Every shirt I have tried to buy in a store in the past few years had a "metro" tailoring, so they are tight in the arms and shoulders, and tent-like in the abdomen.  This is a T-shirt for a tall guy with broad shoulders.  Most other shirts I have are a little short, so these are my go-to Tees from now on.

I'm not an Adonis, just a tall guy with a bit of middle-age spread.  It's really insulting that most 2x"t" shirts are the same as a 2x, and I'm grateful that Dickies came through for a sturdy guy once again.  They fit good, and feel good.  No plumber's crack or revealed saggy midriff, so I can endorse them wholeheartedly.Very pretty , stones much smaller , dainty ring !I gave these shoes 3 start because they were too narrow. I thought they would be standard make with a wider forefoot. I have pretty wide feet plus I have bunions and these shoes were great but my foot sort of stuck out just a little bit. other than that the rest of the shoes fit perfectly.Not as happy as I thought I would be. Have hard wood floors and sounds like I am walking in heals. Make feet sweety.The calculator button was broken.Beautiful top but too smallThe strap was broken soon, and can't be repaired.I bought this hat thinking that it was going like any other adult plush hat in a miniature version intended for a baby, but oh boy how I was wrong!.This hat is so cheaply made, the white fur fell off easily. The inner is rough and itchy, my son could barely stand it. I will recommend a different hat.

I bought it because it was cheap compared to other brand, but I wish I had spend the extra on a higher quality hat.Cute dress but very sheer material
And the lining was cut way to shortOkay.Length was a bit too short and they also shrinkI have worn these a grand total of once. The color is cheap. The fabric is also very thin. I own more than 50 pieces of "NASA clothing". I am familiar with turning them inside out so as to not rub on the writing. I do not put them in the dryer. They are just cheap and I am sorry I bought them.These are odd sneakers.  I ordered mine in white.  They shine as if they are white patent leather.  I tried them on and while they were comfortable enough - the white shine is just awful enough that I can't get past it.  I had already owned a similar style of shoe like this from New Balance so I knew to go up a 1/2 size because they tend to run narrow so the fit is fine but the material they are made out of is bad.  I should have paid more attention to see what they were made of.  They are super shiny - seriously they look like white shiny patent leather.  Not at all a good look for me.  On a younger gal perhaps but not on me.  They are going back tomorrow.  Yuck.just to be clear about this product ... is made out good .. and made well from a good materials .. the color and style looks great .. only i was just unlucky getting a defective shoes .. the defect located at the bottom of the left foot right behind the ankle area .. like a bumpy fabric that is very painful .. very irritating .. that for i have returned it back .. my advice .. items like that should be inspected first before sent to buyers .. but the return processes was easy ..This jacket is very very cute. However my child is wearing both 2T and 3T clothes (at 2 1/2) . I got the 2T-3T size and I don't think she will be able to wear it very long. And it doesn't actually cover her head very well. The hood leaves a good portion of her head uncovered, and her head actually measures on the smaller side. And.... It has a very funny smell which I assume will dissipate over time.  So it is duper cute but I would recommend getting at least one size larger then your child usually wears....ultimately , despite the cuteness, if I would have been able to try it on my child, I would not have purchased it... But... Super cute lookingIf you need to return this item, you will have to mail it to China with proof to receipt.  It will cost you more than the pants.product excellentThese didn't work for me like I thought they would. I am recovering from foot surgery and thought they would help me as I work back into wearing regular shoes. But they don't. I suppose if you are a dancer though that they really work well. They are very nicely made and seem very durableI think it looks great in the picture, it fits perfect but maybe the style is not so much my type, it is in excellent top, it can be worn in dinner and other casual events,  it arrive faster than I had expected, this top can be dressy and it is recommendable wearWhile I like the headbands, they were promoted as for newborns. They are definitely far too big for my 2 week old and are more of the right size for a 9 or 12 month old. We'll hang on to them for several months and hopefully they'll fit in the future.Very pretty .it is a beautiful is very beautiful but the meterial is not so good, and the pants is a liitle bit smallBeautiful sandals just as shown in the picture very nice quality. Love them!!!It is bigger and wider than expected.  Material feels cheap.A great deal of the stones came chipped, and one was broken in half. For the price is ok, but I think they have to change the bag they came in, because it broke and the stones were dancing inside the box. It surprises me I didn't have more broken stones.the material is very thin toothe button on top was a little off stitched?No where in the description did it say USED dance shoes. I was expecting brand new shoes, but I received used shoes in bad shape. These are being returned.I have the women's version and bought these for my boyfriend because mine were so nice. Really good price for soft shearling interiors, with good durable soles.In less than 6 months I lost 3 stones from 2 of these rings. Granted, I wear them every day, stacked, but losing stones was a sad thing.
Good news is that PBJ will replace them for you if it's less than a year since you purchased them. You do have to pay to ship them back, but to me that was ok. Their customer support was a live person and he was very helpful to me in getting this accomplished.The biggest size available (large) was snug on my 38 inch chest and in the shoulders which was frustrating since the fit of the shirt was described as "relaxed". The sleeves were also not long enough. I kept the shirt but wear it only unbuttoned with a t shirt underneath and I also roll the sleeves up.Strap broke within 2 months of easy use. Contacted 5.11 about getting a new strap or attachment connection - No response.I like the fabric but the pants are too high waisted for my taste and the legs are too baggy.I like them more than I expected...when I purchased I was thinking of the bad weather, but  comfort and looks were gained; many girls asked me where I got them from. Also the color gave a better look to my skinny jeans!  I can say, the many times I wore them I didn't feel the cold at all and I felt that I looked "too cute" . I could have an extra half of size, but opted for thin socks and it work just fine!  Really love them!It's so ITCHY!  I hate it :(The shoe is quite cute, but feels kind of small and tightens up on my toes and it skins my foot on the back. I guess it's because I haven't used it much and with time this will stop, but this is the first time this happens to me with a Nine West, I guess it could be the model of the shoe.greatAppears pretty well made.  The strap is long, with lots of adhering surface, I'm certainly not afraid it will come off.  I would have liked, the metal loop to be plastic and or at the least  black on color.They fit well and are nice shoes, but don't look like the picture as far as the colors go. Mine was a dark grey. In this pic it looked somewhat like a marble look that I wanted.Pants are a weird fit, probably have to lose about 10 pounds to wear them.Great!  Only issue is the zipper stickss sometimes!  She loves it and I haven't seen another like it at her school!Horrible is too transparentA little thin but I guess that helps keep cool. Good pricepretty much what I expected.I'm usually a 8 but ordered on 7.5 and it was the right size excellent and comfy and its looks great with short or jeansGreat shirt but badly made. I wore this shirt 3 times and there is already a hole in the armpit. For the price I paid I would expect a better quality shirt.They  look diferente that the one here, i got all blue, and they are kinda of bigThese underwear are fine; nothing special, nothing too bad. Don't assume that you're going to get a three pack of the colors seen in the picture; I got three different colors that I was far less excited about. I bought these to replace the Champion C9 boxers that you can get at big box stores, but I find the Champions are a little nicer. The leg ring on these is small, so it tends to fold over and bunch up, where on the Champion ones they lay flat. Not a bad buy, but nothing to write home about.I've been using them for a week now and am absolutely in love with these shoes. They're perfect for the snowy days. Can't comment on the durability because haven't used them much but yes style wise I think they're a must in any fashionista's wardrobe.The front of the shorts were poofy!
So i sent them back.fitbut The sole is very very slippery, it
easy to fall It's quite a tumbleDo not wear when it rainsEverything was as I expected It to bePretty spring bag.Item was large & niceThey were nice the eyes were a little to small/ close. But worked for what we used them for Is the style I want,Wearing comfort,SatisfiedBecause I'm not from the dance community, I didn't realize that these shoes were designed for dancers. I prefer maryjane shoes for work and these came in my size.  I didn't pay attention to the fact that there's no grip on the heel, so I took a very bad fall in a local store during a rain storm.  The combination of wet floor and no heel grip made it an accident waiting to happen.  I fell really hard, injured my hip and back.  I guess no grip on the heel is what's good for dancers - but not good for general wear.The fabric is so cheap looking,  and it doesn't fit. Sizes run too small, like two sizes smaller than what you normally are.GreatTerribly uncomfortableAnti skid....I like the price and the overall result of having contractors come into the property and not leaving any dirt or scuff marks behind on our beautiful floors.  Although the "anti-skid" did not perform as well.  We have smooth marble floors and waxed, wooden floors and I noticed a few contractors slipping or gliding a bit.  I feel the bottoms need to be a bit more "Anti-Skid"  Other than that, they get the work done and for a great price.nice color however came seriously wrinkled, unable to wearThese are cute but a) are way to big to fit my baby's head and b) are not slouchy, as I had hopedBeautiful.This was advertised as MADE IN THE USA. When I received it I was so DISAPPOINTED and DISMAYED, because it is MADE IN CHINA. I paid so much for it thinking it is MADE IN USA.Used the measurements provided by seller. Fits as well as I would expect it to as I'm pear shaped - its a bit tight on bottom and loose on top but not nearly as much as most bathing suits. I would say this is an ideal bathing suit for pear types and maybe hourglass, but not apple. I wear size 10L pants, 34B top. I'm 5'9" 160 lbs muscular build. Size XL works for me. Can't go smaller or bottoms wouldn't fit. Can't go bigger as the top does not have an adjustment at the back and it is a little loose, hopefully not too loose when wet. Stitching was a little sloppy at the front - you can see the white fabric that holds the underwire from the outside. Otherwise, looks good. I like the coverage provided by the bottoms. They come up to the middle of my belly button (but I'm tall).I really don't care for these glasses. The are not cute!wanted a cheap watch with an easy to read second hand for taking vital signs, and this fits the bill. Be ready to embrace the tacky.Too small for my wife wrist.Nice shoes, but they lose their shape rather quickly.  Your feet slide to side after a month of wearing them.  Can pose a safety issueIt's ok, It doesn't look like leather, and it has a weird smell too itI had to give it away, I got a large just to be safe and the top was entirely too small!I really got these on sale for like 50 dollars, the leather isn't great quality especially for the original 179 price point.  The boot is a nice style. Would recommend at the sale price.cant wait to try these out. they are thinner than I thought but still nice. I like that they all fold to fit in oneperfect fit and looks greatShould have purchased the smaller size as this top is too large for me especially around the arm holes. I will pass it on to my sister.heavy, hot, but cheap intro to clip-less setup. They get the job done, don't slip to much and are nice and stiff. Dont look to bad if you have to wear them around after biking.I ordered an XXL when normally I'd order XL. And surprosingly the bottoms were still way too little for me. They feel like they were probably a medium or a large but other than that this wasn't too bad for a swimsuit bought online. The top fit pretty well and I love it.These are not opaque!! You can see your underwear right through themMy granddaughter wears it all the time.  It was a little pricey, but Target was out. You do what you have to do for your grandkids.The size of the sandal is fine, but there's potentially a real problem with the design depending on the contours of the bottom of your feet. The sandal is designed so that the rubber footbed has a contoured shape so that the balls of your feet and the toes would presumably fit into designated spaces. If the shape of your foot doesn't fit exactly, you could be in for some real discomfort and serious blisters on the balls of your feet after walking for an hour or so. And it's not like it gets any better if you rest for a week---those same blisters come back, and even worse.

Unfortunately I'm probably stuck with these poorly fitting sandals as there was no way to know that the design was a problem unless I wore them outdoors for a couple hours. Now they're used and probably unreturnable. We'll see.The gold fades after a bit of use :( these are so cute and I always get lots of compliments.nice wallet. Wish you could have made it with a removable ID panel rather than fixed.Worth the small price.Great deal great glovesgood quality for the price. i was very harry with productIt was too small in the bust.  My bust are porportioned to my size.  Disappointed as it was cute.  Oh also, I order a size larger based upon the other reviews.  It was true, a size larger required.All that it was promised to be. Band is a little stiff but it's ok.Quick delivery and fit perfect.Boot should have standard calf width. I have larger calves. The calves are very large. Additionally the front of the boot has a higher height that rubs against my knee. I need to return. Aerosoles requires that I return to the vendor and would not accept a return at a local store so I need to coordinate return. Thank you for your inquiry. I have been too busy to coordinate return.Can be seen in drivers, defeating it's entire purpose.These are the same pants that Mordenmiss is selling.  Too tight in the waist and very hard to get on.  The backside needs a couple of more inches.  I wish they made their baggy jeans in this fabric:  I'd have a pair in every colour!it's blue and black..I have been wearing these now for 12 hours a day for almost 2 weeks and they are still pretty stiff. The composite toe are on one boot seems to fit pretty tight but doesn't totally cut off circulation and I ordered a 1/2 size big. I also work in the cold and when I go outside in them the sole turns rock hard so I wouldn't recommend them for anyone working in cold conditions.
Follow up: I stretched these out for three weeks and they still kill my feet after a day. Would not recommend these boots to anyone!greatThe shirt fit properly but the fabric was so so.My review title sums up how I think of these undies. I did not purchase them from Amazon but have been buying the same 6-packs from my local Target for many years where I can get them for $6, and once in awhile they even throw in a "free +1 pair". Having bought numerous packages, I can tell you that the sizes aren't consistent. That is, a size "5" for example, will vary in how in how it's cut, how low the hip is, and in overall size, so even if YOU don't change, there's no exact telling that a particular size will always be the right one for you.  Eventually, they all wear out.  Yes, I understand, underwear isn't meant to be owned for life, but I mean they wear out in fairly short order.  The color fades, the booty gets baggy, and almost ALWAYS the elastic at the waist or leg starts to unravel.  You see a little unraveling thread start on these, and it's all over.

So why do I buy them?  At $1/pair, it's a fairly reasonable trade to me to get cute, no-frills, cotton hipsters (in various colors and patterns) that typically have good derriere coverage. If I found a comparable replacement, I'd stop buying these (I think Hanes are just as cheaply made).

Edit Jan 2013:  So it'd been awhile since I bought any of these from Target as I was really trying to kick the Fruit of the Loom undie habit since I invariably regret it.  But I checked my local Target this week and they've jumped in price to $9.99.  No way I'd pay more than a buck a pair for these so unless they go on sale (there or here - the latter of which seems unlikely), I won't buy them.  It's a shame 'cause it's nice to have all cotton underwear sometimes, especially in summertime. (Sweat and nylon are a bad combo, especially in underwear.)At 5' 8" found the dress to be shorter than I was looking for and snug across the chest area.I give it no stars.......it looks like nothing in the picture. If you by it .....trust me when I say it's a waste of money......not happy at allA bit on the small size, considering I ordered an XL as a gift for someone. But a very nice sweater.I have used this watch for over 3 years and I'm on my second one.  The numbers on the display are large and the indiglo feature works well (though the center button at the bottom does not activate it which does not make sense to me).  I wear this watch every day and, given it's a sports watch, I'm puzzled by the band which lasts around 1yr.  I purchased a replacement last time but I doubt I'll do that again as the indiglo feature wears out around 18 months.  Overall, a good watch but with these weaknesses.Back heels too lowworks goodgarbageI like these,but they are quite thin legging, in winter you need to wear something-like cotton stocking- under it.My sister love these shoes, she is putting mad hours on these at the track.Love the croc styles. Very comfortableI am still trying to make these shoes work. They are so very wide at the heel when you step down on them and after a couple of days they slip up and down. I hate to return them since I have worn them so...I will try heel fillers and give it another go.
I made the mistake and did not read that the shoes were not leather...I thought I had found a bargain on a great LOOKING, comfortable LOOKING, wear with almost everything casual shoe. I can always give them to Goodwill if I can't get them to work.You need to buy 1/2 size bigger, too tightGreat for the price. The actual zipper only goes up until halfway. (The full size zipper on the outside is not functional), so it's a bit hard to put on or take off, especially if you have wider calves. However, the boots are very stylish. Nice color.I bought these for my flower girl dresses at my wedding. They were see through and the zipper stuck.About 2 sizes too small:(No really a good quality of leather, quite bad.Delicate necklace with an elegant snowflake design. Lots of compliments. Looks best on solid blue shades when worn during the holidays.LoveThe ring is absolutely beautiful but is very soft and very thin very worried that  Will break due to a very thin band  it has already bent out of shape and Ive had it a week The expandable waist really helps for a good fit; excellent pants for business casual or general casual in my opinionLooks higher quality in picture then it really is. Nice looking though.If they didn't run small they seem like a real quality shoe.  Also, i was buying for summer months and its not very breathable so i returned.  May re purchase a larger shoe come winter.Love it but it broke the second time I wore itI like the boots but the Army says no.its def a dark almost black. not a very stretchy material. it was def too small and tight on my arms. i also didn't think it was very soft or comfortable. i will be returning them.My friend loved them!The boot is ok, nothing to get excited aboutI have 3 of these types of shirts - they're the perfect length! I am 5'10" so it is hard for me to find stuff that is the right length. I love the weight of the material, it is light enough to wear everyday, but the long sleeves can provide a little warmth if it gets chilly. I also love the hi-low style of this tunic. Very cute!the best chukka boot!!!!super comfortableShipped and arrived on time! MADE MY BUTT LOOK AMAZING! Even though they were slightly large in the waist they still looked amazing on! I am 5,1.5, 122lbs, and range between a size 2-5 depending on materials and stretch. The color was correct and they fit everywhere else well. BUT after washing them ONCE they are kind of lint-ball looking and the rich grey they were is now faded and ugly. Giving away to goodwill and will not buy again. Even for the low price I expected more than 1 wash out of them. DISAPPOINTED. I gave two stars only because I really liked them (pre-wash) and because my butt really did look great in them.Once the liner was removed, the boots fit fine, but they did not fit with the liner in place.It fits, but it is not the most comfortable shoe.  I is the kind of shoe you wear then take off the minute you get home.  I like the Glow in the Dark feature.  Main reason I like wearing it.4 weeks into school and I already have to buy a replacement.My husband loves the way these Columbia shirts wear. I love the way they launder!Nice quality stone. Low quality frame.Fit is good. I wear an 7.5 or 8. Went with the 8 and it's just right. These are cute to wear out. Probably not comfy or supportive for a long day of walking or standing. Great price.Seriously! I am not huge but bought the xl since I have gained a few lbs and these made my butt look square, ew.
I returned them.Great productMy girlfriend really liked them at first. She's sorta spazzy, so I thought that the fancy clasp these had would be perfect for her. I was wrong. The clasp broke after the second use.gr8 hatPleased with my purchased. I fit my small wrist perfect.Low rating due to material being so thin and not worth itDecent quality for the price, but it is too large for my 8 year old.  The only other alternative is 12", which is too small for him.  There needs to be an 18 or 20 inch version for the in-between kids.Good design- good leather- release on ratchet not great- couple of times have had to take my pants off with belt tightened as ratchet will not release-It is a womans shirt and says so on the tags, and it also runs about 2 sizes too small. Also, this is not an American made shirt as the seller claims...it is made in China and comes from China. be warned!This color is wakeful it rubs off onto everything even after multiple washes. Ruined a couch seat leaving a light stain of dark blue, rubbed off on a white jacket at the sleeve cuff where it touches when walking, very disappointed at such a defective product, a tag briefly describes how the color might rub off, but it's much worse than described. Love the length and fit generally, though the waist seems a bit looser, but so far the best fitting pant I can buy online. I am not sure I can trust the quality now because of this pair ruining anything I sit on or rub against.The price is right but the quality is low. Stitching is falling a part. Good if you need a tank top quickly and/or for specific and temporary wear.Huge F1 fan and I bought this for a friend of mine who will be attending their first F1 Race but is also a gym rat.  She seems to like it for wicking away sweat. Its the team hat from last year. Nice.  The only complaint I had was delivery got all screwed up and the seller asked that I go pick it up at the post office.  It was a gift---and I didn't live nearby. Asking someone to go pick something up kind of ruins the suprise of a gift they then suggested I call the post office. Uh. No. They ended up fixing the problem but it took some back and forth.Could not fit over my daughter's head.  She won't ever put it on because it was such a show to try to get it over her head.  It's also overall incredibly tight when usually this size is slightly big on my daughter.fits wellThis boot was a bit more bulky than I anticipated but it will definitely do the job in the winter months! Overall great boot, going up an entire size was a good idea to allow me to wear thicker socks when needed.Might just add, I hand washed this for first time, and had to get out needle and thread. I is not going to hold up as I would have hoped. However,I will say that a 5'10", and long wasted woman, it hangs beautifully, and Isa a nice length, falling mid calf.Not sized to American types...but looks nice...not for bigger breasted women even tho the size was suppose to.  Thats it.They ripped right above the heel didn't even make a month if thatVery simple dress. Denim is thin (for hot weather:))))).Not of very high quality thing.clip is used in the first damage, poor product quality,incorforme with the quality of the wallet, broke down the clipI thought I was buying SOCKS, but they are more like PEDS.  Very thin and flimsy. Not what I was looking for.I just received my lion head pendant earrings and I was very disappointed because the size that was sent to me looks nothing at all like the display size. The earrings that I received was a very good quality though and would have been even better if they were the appropriate size. I believe in order to have a great business you must be specific about all the facts and do not falsify tthe photos. However I have ordered other items from this supplier is well and they seem to be ok, this is the only product that I was disappointed in that's why I rated them with three starsGood.it stretches c: lukily im small so i was able to fit in it unfortunately my bust is large so it rose up a little bit revealing my belly....i just need to buy a bigger one ^^Been using them for a few months now. Very good quality locks.Lovely shoe but did not fit my arthritic feet the way I expected.  It needs a higher pad by the toes to help me.This fit So perfect! hits all the right places!A very nice shirt, super lightweight fabric, unfortunately smaller than their other shirts of the same size.Soft, feels good on my neck.  Arrived before stated delivery date.  The colors are well matched.  This will be an enjoyable scarf to wear.I didn't love the fit.  They don't fit like other Spanx leggings, and there is a zipper at the waist (which I apparently didn't see in the photos).  The leg area just below your butt is a bit loose, which just makes for an odd shape, and they are quite short.  Fine with boots maybe.

Sadly they were returned, but gave me the funds to buy the Ready-to-Wow velvet leggings instead.  Guess I will stick to my Old Navy stretch jeans, but it would have been nice to find "denim" with a Spanx leggings waistband...Shoe was at least 2 sizes too small. Will be exchanging! Both shoes are Keens, size 7!  Raspberry/purple shoe is the new one just ordered!Its a great bag, only problem is the zippers tin to brake.Like the earrings but not as large as I thought they would be.  My mistake for not understanding the measurements given.I like these well enough, but they really should have some support built in given the price (they're just canvas sneakers, not carefully engineered athletic shoes).I would size up x2. This product does not fit as expected.Magic Gloves is a great idea that went wrong. When you put the mitten part of the glove system up around the top of your fingers feels like a tourniquet.Sharp looking but practical work shoes. Very supportive and fit very well.Nice hat and too cute for me!Even though there are strategically placed front pockets, the white shirt is still way too sheer for me. I will return this one.The tongue sits crooked and is too thick. Over time, they have really started hurting the tops of my feet. By the end of the day, it feels like they cut off the circulation.These pants do run a little small, they fit tightly around the legs, but seem to be very tight around the middle, I wear a size medium ordered these in a large and they were still a little too snug but they are cute.Firm sole, rigid support. Good looking shoe.The sizing of this top is smaller than usual for Hanes products, and the fabric was scratchy, even after washing!Ends up being about half the size as displayed don't waste your moneyLove them for running!!!  I always like asics and these are like running on clouds.  Fit is great and love the colors.Liked the bottoms, but returned them because we did not like the top at all.Very well crafted, beautiful ring. However, I expected a blue stone that you could actually tell was blue without having to hold a flashlight under (it looks virtually black in normal lighting). Also, It was too big. I ordered a 6 and it fits more like a 6.5 - 7.Way too small and not even close to a relaxed fit. the shirt I got was the wrong color and the cut looks nothing like the picture.Slightly less heavy/thick than I'd expected, but overall, this is a very unusual looking pendant, and of a size that makes it a statement piece. Will probably buy again, for friends and such.I own several pairs of Reeboks and I must say, these would be the first pair that seems to be a low grade quality.Liked the shirt. But it took awhile to receive it.Cute but narrow around the toes. Also, not very comfortable. Decided to return them.I bought this watch for my wife and she is very happy with it.  Just what she wanted.Not what I expected.  Too large and missing a stoneShoes fit about as expected.  I was hoping I would be able to lace them up without pulling the laces up too close, which causes the shoe to lose it form.  Regarding the arch support, they were purchased for deadlifting.  So getting closer to the floor with good support was my objective.  Overall, I'm satisfied with them.first use great, second use some skulls started to fall offIt's A Very Creamish White But It Fits As ExpectedIt is great as a shirt.Nothing really cute here, just perfect quick dry sandals for the water. I am a little worried that since there is no toe strap that they might flap in the water. Haven't tried them yet.Very cute but not for big girls.These are such comfortable shoes. I expected them to be pretty and Not UNcomfortable but never imagined they would become my favorite shoes in a day. They are fabulous.Soft and super comfortable. Color accurate to picture.Mine is not tarnishing as others have said but mind did break within a few weeks.  the loop used to hold the charm on is very week.  Love the saying it is one of my favorites.The most comfortable bra I have, but doesn't give great support and has no lining. So great for home days, but I can't wear it out.I paint outside sometimes and have tried many hats in search of a sun-blocking, glare-reducing, durable, water-resistant, vented hat. Now I've found one. This is the perfect hat for plein air because:

- the sand color reflects the sun, keeping you cooler,
- the grey fabric under the brim both reduces glare in your eyes and helps reduce reflected sun on the skin, reducing UV exposure,
- the cap is vented to keep you cooler (but netted to keep bugs out),
- the hat is actually *sized* AND *adjustable* so I was able to buy a hat that fits when I'm bare-headed but is also able to be
  made larger for wearing over earwarmers and knit hats for cooler weather
- a chin strap, so when that gust of wind carries your easel away, you'll still have your hat,
- crushes flat for easy packing,
- keeps the sun off the back of your neck,
- incredibly lightweight,
- dries fast, either from a rain shower or sweat.

Someday, I'll lose it or get too much paint on it, and then I'll buy another exactly like it.Just not as thick of material like the ones I grew up in. I use these for work everyday and they wear out very quickly. I have the same belt loop tear off the bottom of loop on 6 pairs of 505s . I got them sewn back at alterations store. Very strange same issue of same loop on all these pairs of jeans .  I like the color jeans in 505 for a more casual/professional look. Olive green and light blue.Fits as expected, good graphics. My boyfriend absolutely loved itColor is not what is shown: much more silver. Black is accent instead of the primary color. Ordered and returned two. One set was also damaged in transit or at the point of origin.Most gems were fractured and couldn't be tumbled and polishedI bought these because I purchased some bras that are flimsy but comfortable. I hoped the covers would have been useful in hiding my nipples but instead, it made them more pronounced by adding the flower shape to my chest. Although this is a turn on for the boyfriend, not so much for an everyday user.My son is very happy with these. Lightweight and stylish. Havent washed them yet but am counting on them washing well!Sent back as the straps just fell at the wrong places for my feet.Way too tight in the front.  Maybe as what other reviewers have said, they changed the support so no wiggle room.The shoes look great; the photo is honest.  Start out a little tight around the toes.  I'd order a half size up.Dissapointed. Bulky pointy tip with lots of bunched up fabric. Socks should be lighweight and streamlined and fit like a glove....otherwise the risk of blisters and them just being plain uncomfortable set it. Not happy....my son is 3 1/2, wears a size 10 shoe and these SHOULD fit him....but they don't YET. Hopefully they will when he is 4 or 4 1/2. So watch the sizing ! They were too big for him.Flimsy.Im looking at these and I've realized, my kit looks nothing like the pictures... They work fine, but I'm a little confused as to why I didn't get the kit in the picture.. Mine are a lot smaller than the ones in the pictureMy sister convinced me to try this dress. It fits the way it's supposed to, it just wasn't my style. I purchased a x-large and am typically a size 10-12 (5'8, 190 lbs) in women's dresses. Quality is decent, but again it just wasn't for me. Runs a size too small.This was a gift and it was very well received and a big hit!is more like an XL--love the material , but it is too tight around the middle and bottomit's a little smaller than I would like but it's still cuteSize runs small ... but unfortunately the logo has almost completely faded... had to buy fabric craft paint to touch it up. Not very happy that I have to D.I.Y. it... love the message though.Face was a little larger than I expected, but overall love Bulova products, and a sharp looking, solid watch to add to your collection.The thong is good for first timers!
However I must say that it tends to rise and show off so it must be worn with care.
The pouch is roomy, and the material is good. I have mine for 3 years.. and wear it once a week and its still well built.
I recommend the Jockey thongs, its a little more breathable and sporty.
Give it a try guys!!Dull!Exactly how described and fits great!The costume itself is really cute and made well... My issue; I was scared that it was going to be too small so I purposely bought it a size too big thinking I could just pin it if it was a little loose...imagine my surprise when I tried it on and couldn't get it zipped up, and if you have big boobs...forget it (story of my life) hopefully I can loose a dress size by halloween! I don't own anything in this size, everything i wear is smaller, so I don't know why It doesnt fit! I guess it just runs small! Anyway...Time to give up Chocolate for awhile...:) wish me luck!The quality of Jambu is great. I own several pairs. The calf size fit of these was still too small at two half sizes above my other Jambu shoes! Otherwise, I love the Jambu brand and will continue purchasing the,.ReturnedLove it other then small.Very Cool and works great!Cheap, you get what you pay for.Product is super cute as a beach cover up - but color was not as dark as I expected ....Not as expected.  Aerosoles in past were SOOO comfortable.  Want to return, but, only if shipping back is free.Such a cute style but I have MAJOR side cleavage. If you are a true D or DD, you too can plan on the same.Unable to get the style I wanted and these are not as good a fit but will probably just doLoved the hat, but it came bent and wouldn't straighten out--had to returncheap quality!This didn't last very long. It made it thru maybe two dance competitions and then ripped really easily. Super disappointed.I ordered these to replace my old pair that I wore until they started breaking down.  Like my old ones, I'm really enjoying these.  They're comfortable and attractive, and can be worn in many different situations.  These have a few differences from my old pair.  First, there's an inner lining underneath the net outside, which seems to help keeps dirt and debris out of the shoe.  The straps are also longer.  When fastened tightly enough to fit, there was about an inch and a half of excess strap sticking out.  It looked goofy, and the velcro didn't overlap enough to really fasten well. I ended up cutting the excess off of each strap and moving the velcro.  Finally, the formula for the sole of these shoes must have changed somewhat, because now every time I take a step the shoe seems to adhere to the floor a little, and makes a little "pfffttt" sound as I pick my foot up.  It even does it on carpet, and it's irksome.  I'm hoping that the "stickiness" will wear off over time.  Anyway, the main things that I originally loved about this shoe haven't changed:  it's comfortable, lightweight, versatile, and attractive.Color is much darker than the picture shows.I ordered the olive green brown color, and it looks just like the picture.
I love how the sling style looks, however, not being used to a sling, I'm finding it awkward to put on without getting it backwards. I still have to think about it for a second lol. I'm sure I'll get used to it. I often will wear it with the bag in the front anyway for quick access since I'm using it as a casual purse. I would be a bit small to use as a real backpack.

The back compartment fits my iPad Air perfectly. The lower zipper compartment fits my cell phone exactly, as if it was made for it. The inside is just the right size for my wallet and glasses case. The upper outside zipper and flap pockets are the right size for my other small miscellaneous items. I couldn't be happier with the fact that all the compartments happen to be the exact right size for my stuff!

I did notice though, as another review said, the bag tends to shift into a more horizontal position and I have to keep lifting it up to go into more of an upright diagonal position like it should be. It does help to have more weight in it though, to keep the shape. It hangs better when my iPad is in it.

Overall it's great, and I might be ordering another one.First wash ruined itAwesome, it has has so many pockets and card holders it manages to hold all I got without being to bulky.Great color quality. Held up great at my daughter's birthday party with lots of kids carelessly tossing them around.Tight through instepMuch smaller than I anticipated. I wanted to use this as a hospital bag for my birth, but I will have to just use it as a purse instead.My son loved it, the pouch was handy to put receipts when we were at Disney.It's a sharp looking item but nearly impossible to take off. Broke mine when attempting to remove it.Love the material; got many compliments on the style.They wore out way too quicklyGood value !!I will have to say that I really wanted the Fastpack 2.0 but that one is hard to find in Acid Green.  After speaking with the Arena Rep on twitter I went ahead and bought this one off of another website.  Buying numerous bags in the past this is the only one that truly has a seperate compartment for your shoes/fins at the bottom.  There are a couple of things I don't like; 1st it does have a carabiner but I would like to attach a couple of more, nothing to attach them too; 2nd the pull tabs are small and the zipper pull is also small, worried that they could break.  There is a nice compartment in the back for a kick board but in the middle compartment is not one but two shelf like compartments keeping things seperate! This is a big seller to me.  Also you will find two zip compartments on the inside flap that are large enough for a small toiletry items.  You will also find a zip compartment on top for phone, keys, etc it's nice but not lined.  Finally two big side pockets for water bottles and such.  Great bag for pool/gym or just anything.I am completely in love with these!! I started wearing leggings a while ago but just bought my first patterned leggings a few months ago. I started buying patterned leggings from a popular brand that sells leggings at parties (mostly online on FB from what I have seen) and even though I LOVE the ones I bought, they were $25 each which is a little more than I really wanted to spend on them. So I decided to check on amazon and see what they had to offer. These came up in my search and I decided that for $12 they were worth trying. I WAS NOT DISSAPOINTED! In fact, I am SO happy with these leggings that I will probably never buy from anywhere else again! First of all, they are SUPER SOFT! Which makes them super comfortable. They are also SUPER STRETCHY! I am 5"9 and 8 months pregnant. I am not a small person, I was over weight when I got pregnant and have gained quite a few more pounds. Even so, these fit super well! They are so stretchy! I'm sure they would fit fine if I was a bit slimmer as well, but there is plenty of space in them for me and they don't look faded from being stretched to much or anything. They look super good and feel great! I have several pairs and am SO happy with all of them! The colors are great, the fabric is great, honestly, they are just awesome! I have not had them long enough to see how they will hold up long term. I washed them all at least 1 time so far and hung them to dry and they did just fine. I am a little worried they will wear out quickly because I plan to wear them a lot, hopefully they will hold up for a while. If they wear out within a few months I will come back and lower my rating, but I'm hoping that will not the be the case. As far as how they compared to the $25 leggings from the other company, I think these are just as soft and comfortable. These actually seem a tiny bit bigger and stretchier than the "Tall and Curvy" ones from the other brand. I think the other brand might be SLIGHTLY thicker material (maybe why they don't stretch quite so much?) but it is not enough thicker for me to feel they are of significantly higher quality. Honestly, these leggings are amazing and I think everyone should buy at least 1 pair, you will not regret it!Bad, very bad quality!! I know, if you see the design is cute, and it is cute! But please beware!! Feels like having a very thin paper blouse on you, holes every where. Very disappointed.snug fitgreat! They're going to be a great present. Came quick and exactly what I expectedGreat work wear.  I love dickies scrubs.  The sizes run a bit small because they are junior fit and I had to return the first set ordered. But once I ordered a size up, they fit great.  The colors are even more vibrant in person than on the website.  I couldn't be more pleased.Inside seams separated the first time I used the bag. Wrote to the company about the issue and I haven't heard a word from them. Very disappointed. Would not recommend.I would think there would be a soft silky lining, but the interior is very coarse.Very high quality. Well made.Nice looking shoes but they're narrow and kinda smallThese boots were comfortable from the first time wearing them. They have a slim profile and no heel which I like. They are starting to scuff at the toe, however, hopefully a little polish should help. I am a half size, so I sized up.

Update: I went to go buy a new pair after wearing these for years. My feet had grown a bit. The 9 I repurchased was too small but then I bought a 10 and it was like wearing clown shoes! There is an entire inch to inch and a half between my toes and the end of the boot, even with an insole added. Now I have $200 worth of shoes I can't wear and am still wearing my worn out old pair until I find a different go-to boot. Boots this pricey really need to come in half sizes.This is a beautiful necklace, small and delicate and a wonderful meaning, and it shipped quickly! But it arrived tarnished!!!It says dark.but it not that's darkthe specs stated 4X, but it fit like an XSmallNot as stretchy as Cherokee I flex and not as many pockets. Very tight on on my chest as well.Very simple product, but it works.  These guys know exactly what they are doing, it just works.It wasn't the size I orderedAltra is apparently trending to narrow widths. Thought I could handle these but they strangle my feet. So disappointed. Disrecommend for any wide feet. Altra failed with these -- unless you have "average width feet" and in that case already have virtually unlimited shoe options. I won't order shoes from Amazon again. Oh, and a weirdly placed and shaped arch. They need beat down with a sledge hammer about 5000 strikes.A little bit small besides that greatLove it, for it matches the theme: Jungle/ Lion KingLooks nice, good fit, but not very good quality materials.Nothing to write home about. It technically fit the bra I intended it for, but it felt uncomfortable in my skin because the fabric is not as soft as average bra material. Inhale it three stars for its functionality.These Toms are so comfortable and classy for when you want be casual yet comfortable. i highly recommend them. I love this neutral brown color because it won't get dirty easily but matches with a lot of stuff!it fits perfectlyNice shoe, as expected.Not quite the look that I expect from rockport. Very comfortable, but look very cheap.Cute bracelet..light and easy to wear....shipped quickly. The only drawback was the leather was a tad thin and MSN not hold up with a younger person. Priced light.These were narrow/longer instead of a more rounded look like most boots. I returned them because the box didn't look authentic and the soles were lined with a different material than the sides and didn't look like my other pair of real uggs. Things just weren't adding up and I sent back due to questionable authenticity.Decent material, a bit on the heavy side for my kid... but he loved them anyways... a bit small... my kid wears 8.5 and I accidentally bought 10... oops, but they fit him, so I got luckyThese rings are really pretty and fairly inexpensive. I've had them for a week and a stone has already fallen out. The rose and yellow gold plating has started to come off from being worn as stacked rings. I thought they would last a bit longer than a week.Great wallet! The material is top notch. Very happy that my wallet is now 1/2 as thick as it used to be.SHORT SLEEVE?!!!! We all ordered longThis is a cute shirt but be warned it shrinks dramatically!  It fit my 3.5 year old son perfectly before it was washed.  After I washed it, it's now a tummy shirt.  So definitely order a size up.I like Merrell shoes and the Moab is a great shoe. The only problem was the process of buying them online. The first pair I received had a white paint stain of the size of a quarter at the tip of the shoe. Weird, how did that get there? Amazon customer service was great (I give them 5 stars), they sent out a replacement the next day and I received it the following day. Only problem, there was a problem with the replacement shoe as well. I called the customer service again and they sent out the third pair of shoes. The third pair was acceptable, but I'm not sure if saving $20 was really worth going through this entire process. Not sure why their shoes seem to have all these "imperfections"? My next pair I will buy the old fashioned way again - in the store.The color is great (and ended up being the exact same color as my hair, literally), but the wig wouldn't fluff out enough. :( This is going back.  I think that I just got a dud.  Every product has them sometimes.  Maybe another time I'll reorder and see if I can get one of the ones that fluffs.very ill fitted.i bought 2 sizes up and its still tight in some places. its a shame because the styling is so unique and my daughter loved that. wish it were better quality. I've had to return everything from this brand twice, once after buying one size up, and now again after trying two sizes up.JunkHad I seen this before I bought it with the fit, I wouldn't have purchased it. I am debating on returning it or giving to a friend.These boots run narrow. I didn't think I had particularly wide feet. I would order a half size up. I just returned the first pair I order in my regular size and it cost me $30 so choose wisely amazonians.Packaging was previously opened, possibly a return. The coloring on necklace was chipped in several different spots. The necklace looked like it was used.The sizes are smaller than regular for some reason. I got size 31 I normally wear size 30 pants, they were too small, I ended up exchanging for size 33, still too small, I had to go to the store and get size 35, I have shorts that are size 32 that fall off of me without a belt.So far, so good, but I don't know how long the treds will last ,and after several wearings whether or not they will be effective. However, the peel to expose the adhesive is very poorly designed. There are no scorings with which to start the peel, and I wound up using a knife to get under one corner so that I could peel off the protector. Very poor design.Calf styled for Women with pencils for legdI give 3 star for this product because of the unbeatable price, otherwise I'll say it's cheaply made and not worth trying. Overall this outfit fits well on my 7 lbs, 20 inches newborn baby girl, and with the zipper design it's convenient to put it on and take off. The fabric is thin but should be okay for late winter/early spring of Southern California if you put one more shirt underneath it.

The bad part is that the clothes wear after only 2 or 3 washes... Yes by far my baby is only 14 days old and only wear all this kind of clothes about 3 times, we can already see obvious bulbs on the surface, the color fades, and the worst is that all decafs on the chest come off quickly. My mom suggested me to buy those whole color pieces (with decafs) to avoid turning old quickly after washes, but actually those with prints but no decafs are more durable.

So if you are a new parent and need some economical newborn clothes as start, you could probably buy a few sets (not many) since the price is so good and baby outgrows them very quickly - and such a young baby doesn't know the decaf is bad anyway. :)Not the posted size.  Poor quality.The picture looks a bit faded thought could be better  Quality and in the picture has some cursing like bich didn't see that when buying for my son.Cheap material. The sole will come apart.Cute, but too expensive for shippingGreat sandal!Not a fan if the button as opposed to zipperGood for travelBeautiful suit.  Made for ladies with either a small chest or ladies that want it all to hang out.i get these to keep my shoes in good shape and to keep the toes from turning up--the springs are so weak in this brand that they do no good in straightening out the shoe. woodlore brand are excellent but they never seem to have the small sizes in stock hereThe legs are cut much wider than anticipated. I purchased a pair earlier, that had a more classic fit...which I liked much better. Perhaps I didn't pay attention to the details when I ordered a second pair?really nice watch.  love the auto wind feature.  great size - not too big like so many watches today.  It is lightweight and very comfortable, even with band being brand new. Always liked Seiko quality!  Bought this for casual wear.Is not wide enough for my husband and he doesnt seem Above and beyond average Lee life route wideThe lettering on the shirt is smaller than it looks in picture.

The large is more like a x-lg, so i would suggest ordering a size smaller.  I still have it my closet, since it was way to large for my grandson.  I didn't put it in his Christmas gifts.
Other wise, it was an okay shirt, color is nice and bright!!I absolutely love them! True to size, came right on time, and are as pictured. They go with everything!Save your money.Would give 5 stars if I could wear them. WAY too small. Definitely recommend ordering at least 2 sizes bigger than you actually wear.Odd fit and stiff sole made me return these.Beyond cute but it started turning brown. Cheap enough that you can wear it until then and not feel bad about buying another one.This shirt I super cute, the one thing that bothers me would have to be the pocket. It is crooked and due to my ocd bothers the crap out of me!Looks really cute but the sizes do run really big.Don't purchase it.. In less than a year it will change that's what happen to me.All my flip flops are 10s and fit good. These the straps re way too tightI ordered a 6 and got a 5I wanted to love these but I should have paid attention to reviews saying the ankle strap hurt the back of the heel.  I took 2 steps and had to take them off before I hurt my heel.  The footbed is wonderful, great arch support and they're really cute shoes.  Wish the back of that ankle strap gave a little more.My son was only able to wear these once. The first time through the wash the yellow drained off and the were a brown mustard color.This is the third pair of this model Sketcher, and something has changed.  These are not the same comfortable walking shoes I had come to know and love.  My feet feel like they have been pummeled by the end of the day.  The shoes are just not breaking in; instead they remain stiff and inflexible. Compared to my old (ripped) pair, the fabric used in construction looks the same but is different in feel and quality.Fit greatDid not  look like  pictureWe were looking for Gold, but it had more Orange in it than we wanted, had to last minute order another.I had to return it , it was small!After  2 months of having this belt the screws that holt the belt to the buckle kept coming unscrewed. I kept fixing it and then after a couple times of wearing the belt, they came un screwed again. Now the the belt is completely unusable due to doing this so many times and the holes getting stretched.  Completely overpriced and cheaply madeVery comfy padding, I like them to wear around the house, I probably should of gotten a size bigger..they fit if I am standing still, but once I start walking I have to re-position my feet since my toes hang off the top edge and the velco easily breaks apart when climbing stairs, they are my back up pair, I'll stick to crocs as my everyday flip flopa gift for my husband who is very much a hp fanatic. product is just as described and will order others from the setgood tights they work fineto tight in middle of shoeVery comfortable and cozyReturned 3 times, each pair had the glasses falling out of the frame. So sad.Poorly screen printed on poor quality shirt. Color is not nearly as vibrant as the seller picture leads one to believe.Haven't worn them yet!

We will see but they are a happy red!Love the product (see other review of same product) but this color is awful- definitively for girls only.  You've been warned.Seems pretty good so far, I just needed a small and lightweight backpack for hiking and was having a hard time finding one and this is the perfect sizeReally too larger for comfort.  I have a good-sized honker and really didn't care much for this retainer.  The gauge fit is right, but unless you are planning on letting the ends point down, it's just not comfortable flipped up in the nose.The quality is good for the price. I measured my body and ordered based on their size chart. No way...too small to closeI have several pairs of Jambu and have never had any trouble with them but these are disappointing. They are too small, I normally wear an 8 but in these I would have needed a 9. That by itself wouldn't have been so bad but when I put them on they just felt thin and cheap. The foot bed isn't lined so my feet felt cold. I loved the upper part I just wish jambu would have continued the quality all the way down.Nothing fancy. Wife loves the design. Unable to wear them though. Her ears turned bright red and became very itchy.

Wish we could find the same design but of a higher grade material.This item is to small I cannot even begin to button the first row.I bought these in black and they are really adorable and the leather is so super soft!! The only downfall is that the heel straps don't stay up and keep falling down. I've tried tightening them with the buckle but the leather stretches and they slide back down. They are also really flat with no support! I'm on my feet all day and between the straps falling down and my feet hurting from lack of padding/support I couldn't wait to get them off!Looks just the picture. Super cute and fashionable but lens get smudges really easy.it was ok much bigger than expected.The shoes I just received barely resemble the ones pictured. Mine are much darker (almost black), have a cheap looking pattern in the leather, and different color stitching and laces. I'd recommend buying this sort of thing in person. Too much variance between the pics and reality.There is nothing wrong with the gloves; they are actually quite nice.  I bought these in size XL for my husband and realized when they arrived that I should have ordered an XXL.  I then discovered on the packing slip that the vendor charges a 15% "re-stocking fee" for returns, which is a nice way of saying that you're getting ripped off for having to return something.  I double-checked amazon site to see if this re-stocking fee for returns was stated anywhere; I could not find anything that states as such.  I would not have ordered from this vendor if I had known about this and will not order anything else from them in the future.Would have been great if it wasn't so large. It continue to fall down over my eyes,It feels like polyester.They were huge and needed to return them- our fault or theirs? Not sure.  But the print was super cute.Ordered two sizes larger but only needed a large not xl. Usually wear medium. Okay style. Took in side seams to make shirt less of a swing. Part of that is because I bought too big, but I also took more out for style. Already after first wash two holes in the material front center. Cheap fabricokLet me start off by saying that I have owned 4 pairs of 5 eyes over the last 12 years and I love what they can be, what they used to be. The quality of these shoes has been steadily and monotonically declining with every pair I buy, and with this latest one they have really become garbage. Normally I will get over 3 years of heavy use out of a pair however this latest pair lasted 2 months before the bottom fell off as is pictured. Dr Marten will replace them when I take the time to email them with pictures and descriptions, box them up, and pay for shipping back to Portland Oregon; after all that allegedly I will have a replacement pair in 6-8 weeks. If the other reviews are any indication the sole splitting issue is systemic to, at least, the latest batch, so I expect the same thing will happen to the new ones. Sadly I think this will be my last pair of Dr. Martens ;(.Not as expected. Ordered 4 of the same type but different colors. Received three packages with no return info. All were to small.
Requested a return receipt and did receive one. All were returned and proper credit received.A fine shirt but shrunk a lot. Should have ordered a size larger at least.Rating is for lack of ease with SIZING. We used the size guide (mistake), which said to go for a MEDIUM for a 38inch chest. Item came with an XL tag (asian sizing), which was still not quite big enough for his 38inch chest. We should have ordered a LARGE (XXL asian). Luckily, he doesn't plan to wear it buttoned. I'm sure the seller accounts for the size difference when you choose your size through Amazon (sizes are much smaller in Asia). PLAN AHEAD- this jacket took just over a month to arrive from overseas & estimated 2 months total!!! Material is not too shabby... Well made product, just very bad with sizing.I have ordered the size of 9.5 2E, but they've shipped the size of 9.5 2A ( much much narrower than normal width), so that I had to look for a man who can ware that size because the returning cost is very rxpensive too (I have ordered it from Korea).Too heavy empty.Was using (ironically) a broccoli band for my few cards I keep in my pocket at work. The bank also keeps the cards from being "lifted" undetected or to fall out of my pocket !  Watched the Shark Tank episode with the "guys" on and sought  out this money band.
  Thank you Amazon.... you need to start a "Shark Tank" division that lists ALL of the business products we watch on TV and look for.... even some of the ones that don't get picked by the Shark Tank investors. There are some great ideas and products out there.They were too narrow for my feet. Returned them.Nice coat but should by one size bigger than what you normally wearVery beautiful but it opens all the time and you can easily lose it. i don't recommend.Subpar.  If u bought them to serve utilitarian purposes, go with the standard Sorrel fare. These are moderately fashionable compared to the standard fare, but of significantly lower quality than ur typical sorrels and they fit odd.volcom shorts were tightFit is good , I would recommend them.Never wore it because it was a bit to large for my head, but the quality was OK.Low qualityDidn't really like the fit of this.  It just had too much fabric in the front.  Too much ruching.  It made me look heavier in front.  It just kind of hung around my middle and wasn't very flattering. I tried it in a small and medium and both just fit weird.  The cap sleeves also made the neck line look blocky, not feminine. Returned both.  This shirt is just not for me.  Maybe you'll have better luck.I bought these for my daughter.  She's a 6.5 so we had to get a 7.  Fit just fine.  After one day, the area near the big toe started to unravel (or become unglued).  May be a fluke.  Her last pair of BearPaw boots lasted several years.  We're ordering a replacement pair.  Fingers crossed.Not enough cushion....The color was not as expected, it was actually light turquoise. It fits good but no pocket on the back side is a problemThey didn't send me the same ring as in the picture, similar, but much cheaper looking. They also don't run true to size at all. I'm a 6 and this must be a 7 1/2. Don't waste you money.Nice boots but quality looks very cheap, i had to return'em.I had hoped it would last at least 2 weeks. It's already shredding around the loops :(Exactly as advertised. A great deal !!!i like the brasSeams started pulling apart after a few months.  Also fabric "balled up" a lot after only a few washes.  Cute fit, but cheaply made.Better Plastic... just for a one time wear.... and a pain to take off after it wears through.I'm 5'3" and firmly in the smaller half of Medium sized clothing.  This while kinda cute is definitely way tighter and shorter than it appears.It is beautiful, very form fitting and as many others have stated the sleeves are extremely right.  I have tried this dress in large and med, preferred the med, large was just too big. Although the med is snug it looks better, I am 38C bust 28 waist.Can be uncomfortable due its low cotton content.I'm 5'11 and 165 lbs., the leggings fit perfectly.  Very satisfied with purchase.My legs don't even fit in this and I have thin/small legs & calves.These backpacks fell apart within two weeks of using them. We returned them.It's too slippery, at least the first time I wore it. It got slightly better afterwards. It moves a bit but not too much. Overall I prefer the ones I got from HEB to these.Recommend 1/2 size larger than normalPretty and beautifully constructed but I think it runs large as I am size 6, 36C usually and M is a little too flowy. Length hits mid-hip. Would have it taken it since price on Amazon is so great.Scratchy and too small. The super soft jockeys are betterTheses slip-on safety shoes are the heaviest safety shoes I have ever worn, and I have worked in an industrial setting for 7 years, so I have tried many different steel toes.  They slip off the heel as you walk.  And they are very uncomfortable, even while standing.  They may work better during winter time with wool socks and some inserts.Super cute, but these run a little bit smaller than any other Steve Maddens I own. :-( I had to return them.I purchased this blonde princess wig for a halloween costume this year.  It is a very nice wig for the price!  I would definitely recommend.  The curls were adorable, very accurate to the picture shown.  Sometimes wigs look nothing like the picture, this is not the case with this wig!  I did remove the tiara that was attached to the wig, and wore another tiara that was a bit bigger.  Overall, great wig for the price!Not what they claimed to be. Feel ripped off !These are strong gloves, well designed, however, the fabric has started to unravel. I realize that I can repair the area that is unraveling. However, I wonder how may additional areas may unravel in the future. Still, it was a worthwhile investment.They are quite long (I'm 5'4") so the size S I got drag on the ground a bit, but still happy overall.  Will get the petite size next time. I should've paid attention to the size chart better.Weird smell and material.I bought it for me. Apparently that's not my size anymore, but it fit my daughter perfectly. She likes it.Great fit .My son loves them and they are very comfy. ThanksGOOD THICK MATERIAL  LEGS A LITTLE LONG BUT CAN DEAL WITH THATNice fashion watch. band is really cheap. get what you pay for.Lost fur in the glove so quicklyWhile they are very cute, they fit big and the chemical SMELL was horrible!!!!  I had to put them outside for 2 days to try to air them out! And even then they smelled.awesomeGood quality.

Not as deep a color as I expected.

Lots of loose thread to trim.I was very disappointed with the quality of these stockings. After the first wear there was a rip developing in the inner leg by the thigh area. I had to throw them away! Waste of moneyYeah they're cute but at 5'4, (as I expected) they are too long. Something I noticed when wearing it is that the waist band is super soft and feels great on my hips. Honestly, yeah the brand is great and chic but for the design and the price... it just seems a bit overpriced. It's just some floral pattern. Nothing too extremely complicated.My husband only wears these jeans. This was so much easier than going hunting for the right size in the mall.I recieved my boots promptly after ordering, however their sizing is very small for Merrells!  I usually wear a size 7, but could not even get my heel in the 7.5 boot. I was a little dissappointed when I realized I am required to pay shippinng on returns as well.love themI like the material and ordered up but it was too small still. Disappointed in that but overall hood buy.Only have about ten miles on them but they fit well and have the flex that I need.These leggings were warmer than other, thinner ones, so that was appreciated.  But after wearing them one or two times, pilling is developing on them.  For the price, I'm happy to have them.  I can always wear them around the house once the pilling becomes too much.these boots are great, just the right size in the length, but big in the heel area. I have really narrow feet though, so maybe it's just me! The price was good too, at a store I looked for these same boots and they were 99.00!Nice but small. For kids at KG onlyexactly how description of product is presented.  Very warm boot.  Kamik footwear is always an awesome product.  Will buy more.The color and style are beautiful, but the engineering is such that I would fall down. The soles are too narrow.  I returned this product for a refund.  Very disappointing.This belt is nice looking when you buy it, but I found that after a short period of daily usage, the top layer peels off, particularly in the part that has the holes in it.  This leaves the belt looking shoddy after a short period of time.  If you want to look professional, that's a problem.  So I feel like I would've been better off putting money into a different belt that would last longer and still look good.Most comfortable underwear I ever worn. Fits as expected. Very stretchy. Very soft. Just don't wear it with sweat pants because it will really show when you're excited.

Update. Just got some new ones and they seem to have changed the design a little. Didn't examin it much but one thing I noticed was the annoying tag on the back is removed. Also the leg seems shorter but when I put it on, it feels the same.I wore my last pair for 6 years year round in the house.  So, I expect these to last as well.  I just wish they were a solid gray as I don't care that much for the glossy design on these.  Otherwise, they are great!The frame was bent and the noise support was not even so the glasses were on a slant plus on the end of the frame the white paint was chipping offGiving three stars because after only a few wears the front toe already had material coming off. My two year old - is more "rough and tumbly" but the shoe should have lasted longer in my opinion. They're very cute and comfortable for him BUT if you have a "rough" kiddo who loves to run, jump and play hard... probably not the shoe for you. IMO better for a newer walker.Not true to size and super delicateI'm not sure if it's the fabric or if it was cheaply made but all my other pairs work well.Beautiful shoe but runs a little bigBe careful washing and drying; shrinks slightly.I was hopeful for this dress but ultimately returned it because the material was incredibly cheap and the stitching was poorly done. I know you get what you pay for but I was being hopeful.TERRIBLE!! looks absolutely nothing at all like the photo on Amazon, the sleeves are not that long and the length and fullness are totally different - waste of money - DO NOT BUY!!!!!way to smallNo pockets, I had originally ordered please because it said that they were thick and had deep pockets. All four pair that I ordered have no pockets buyer beware.Didn't fit correctlyThis cami bra is amazing. Its super comfy and soft. I was concerned about sizing- but was excited to find that it runs true.I didn't relize the largest was 30". Wont really use this one much. Other then that i like the rest.These shows wore down surprisingly quickly after minimal use.NOT AT ALL WHAT I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE VERY HARD TO PUT ON AND WHEN THEY ARE WET VERY HARD TO GET OFF WAS NOT HAPPY WITH THEM AT ALLMuch larger than it appears in the photo.  Beautiful leather and nice detailsWe got one size larger than my husband usually wears, and they were still too small.Material is falling apart after one washingThis is a very nice and classy looking jacket. I'd buy another one if I ever wear this one out.Excelent!good quality. too small. by about 2" . i wear a 40". should have order a 42". dickies run small compaired to carhartt and others.When my daughter wore this for her gnome costume it was absolutely perfect. She had to hold it to prevent the wind from stealing her fabulous facial hair, but it added to the character she was portraying.Matt wore these to three soccer games and they tore on the side It is ashame a shoe that cost so much is made so cheaply!Length is good, but they are so well padded the toe is a little tight. They are comfortable for walking and I think they will loosen up. I haven't been able to test in the rain, cold or ice yet.Very uncomfortableMy husband wears a 10 or 10.5 and these were too small.  I bought him a 10.5.  Trying a larger size.Not enough compartments.Really like them. Nice and comfy.The clasp is difficult to use and breaks easily.like the red variation, usually see these black.Very nice ring box. Bought a ring for my 10 year old niece and this box is perfect for it.It's so cute~~!!It's fine.Love it. Serves it Purpose.I wish they were biggerVery good quality.
The materials make it such that it is very easy to wash, and iron.
There was no stitching popping off around the sleeves, or anywhere else after two or three washes, as I recently bought it.
This product is well worth the price.Well made, but it is a small fit even though is the larger size. But overall picture is accurate to product and my rating was based on the smaller fit of the hat.Doesn't smooth as much as I'd like and tends to stretch out easilyDoesnt fit like previous pants i vought from here sadly! I would go a size higher if you buy the khaki.I ordered these in both small and medium and ended up returning both. Both pants are too big, even when using the waist straps. I also tried Arctrix's bib overall pants and their "premium" version of this pant. I ended up going with the premium pant because it actually fit me and the material is noticebly better. I'd steer away from these pants and take a look at the premium pants instead:
https://www.amazon.com/review/R35JYGCRNWMBES/ref=cm_cr_rdp_perm

You may also want to check out the overalls:
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0032UJ2E0?redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0This is my 2nd pair of the exact frame.
I got them for my prescription glasses.
Fits my face and head just right.
Very comfortable and well balanced.

First pair I got at the eye doctor's office. The bridge broke after 2.5 years due to metal fatigue fracture. This is why it's not 5 stars. I had expected it to last longer.

Despite that problem, I still wanted the same pair  because they are so comfortable for me. Since my doctor no longer carry them in their office after 2 years, so I had to search on line for the exact same ones. Went to several websites and finally found these listed on Amazon. I got rid of the +1 reading lenses and went to the local optometrist to fill my prescription and still end up paying less than what I would have been charged at the doctor's office.I had to return the coat.  I liked the coat very much but for winter wear, when I need it most, I could not wear something warmer inside it.  XL was the largest that you had in this coat and I would have needed a XXXL judging by the fit.  It is  a very small cut coat not nearly true to size but very nicely made.But this for a friend's baby shower gift for her little boy and she absolutely adored it and I am so gladThese are the cutest shoes ever but they are a killer on my Morton's Neuroma.not real leather left leg is so uncomfortableThere is ver little material between the sole and the opening on this so it's hard to close the zipper. The grip is good for the resistance water walking I do, but the tightness of the fit makes my feet itchy at the zipper.Thank You.just too shortThese are way too large to fit a baby, and they are not adjustable.They run small so watch outI wear the lace up georgia wedge style work boots , love them ,  So i thought i would try the pull on style they fit nothing like lace up boots . almost impossible to get your foot inside of them opening is way too small and they are very snug on foot , length is fine but width is tight and these  are the wide size.  hope they will work on this problem .Nice boots, for going out, not for work only lasted 5 months in construction, really dissatisfied and disappointed.check the weightDisappointed.. if you expect the dress to look like the one pictured you will not be happy.
The torso is shorter than it is pictured an no way enough material in skirt to flair or hang this way.. wrong type of material for style ..ugh..i purchased the solid black one.
I got this for my daughter..right at 6 ft shes a stick (i tease her) but not as skinny as a runway model. (But shes had offers to model) shes got legs.
So usually clothes look like they hang displayed on her.
Mostly she has to worry about length due to her being tall.
If you look at torso on dress in ad it looks fairly adequate but appears shorter on larger busted women in their personal images posted which led me to believe this was a lovely little dress well proportioned and would be no issue.. the style is cute.. i got the medium according to the chart ..
the material in dress i received is just wrong for this style.
It is short waisted (shes not large busted ) and doesnt shape flair or hang well (yes she has a small waist) but cant send back because plastic package got destroyed opening and tossed in trash before realized the dress was unusable.. it was so wrinkled she decided to try steam shower later reduce wrinkles to make it look better once she got home and would hang better.. she sent me pics of it when she tried on after her shower..
I won't embarrass her by posting them here.. i bought because of style and so many seemed pleased (by ratings).. dress looks elegant in ads.. in real life.. not so much..
PerfectCup size is just a little large.I was rather disappointed when I received this costume.  The "fur" falls out with the slightest tugging on the costume.  The head piece is not as fluffy or as full of a mane as the photo shows.  The ears were also not as pronounced.  The mane on the head piece I received was about 1" long and the ears were in the same line with the mane and at the same height.  They didn't flop over as they show in the photo.  There were also these weird matted "knots" in the mane that couldn't be removed or brushed out.  It was better to leave them in place and let the rest of the mane cover them as much as possible.  I couldn't find another lion costume that I like better while out shopping so I kept this one and it served its purpose.Really cute umbrella.  It is a lightweight umbrella, so not sure how long it will hold up.  But, super cute!AwfulNot at all as bright as the picture the red is so dull it looks orangeFits true to size, these are not for walk, If you are doing a lot of standing, they may not be too comfortable. If you are able to sit, they are great!, the sandals are pretty uncomfortable but I don't find many cute high heels that aren't. Really the length of the heels are more than 4.25" as like me, you will be the center of the looks with these sandals.It didn't worth my time it look like a popcorn ring verrry thin and smallFit as expected, laces come untied often on right side but double knotting takes care of it. I like the style and comfort.Nice colour and fit but uncomfortable.I would TOTALLY recommend getting this if you want to be an ignorant human being for Halloween! Everyone will know who you are! Not only is it completely inappropriate and offensive, but also boils an entire culture down to a single, unflattering stereotype. The only thing that's scary about this costume is the amount of racism it represents.

This costume should be taken down.Be advised, they run rather small.  Though I can't say I hate the view of my husband in them walking away, but I'm sure he'd rather have a bit more room in them.You have to be real tiny to fit this.  I'm 5'9 weigh 135 and it's not one size fit all!Much more smaller than expected, poor packing. Anyway,good qualityVERY VERY VERY BIG :SPoor quality. Color faded quickly. Do not recommendPicked these up on XMAS sale for $4.99
Very good price and warm for my daughterGood materialPut them on went all the way up to my waist which I didn't like but other than that they are good they are the color it showsvery pretty, delicate and attractivelly priced.so cute! Love the price! It is such a statement piece!I ordered a medium (I'm rather small person, 5'0) and the shoulder width was too large for me. Should have gotten a small, but the sweater is warm, thick, and comfortable with *real* pockets I can actually use. Perfect for fall.The fabric is very thin and see through, which I don't care for in this kind of pajamas.Slit is very high. If this is what you are into then get it. It is a nice dress other than that.greatvery nice and comfortable , I feel like I am not wearing anything, I would recommend it , thank youI was looking for more of a lime green and these are more of a Spring green.  They didn't match what I ordered them for but they are so cute I decided to keep them.Not what I expected at all! The strings are crazy long and the fit is not what it looks like!I'm using these in a pair of good rubber boots that have no lining and they should keep my feet warm when its in the 30's but much below that and you'll need something a little thicker.  They also have to be put on your foot rather than going and staying inside the boot but that's not an issue.  Overall I am very pleased with the purchase and would recommend them to anyone in a similar situation, especially for the cost.The material was not what I was expecting. It's the kind of material halloween costumes are made out of and I was expecting something more cotton-y. That aside its an excellent dress. Exactly what I was looking for and fits me just right. I can't wait til I get the sweater I'm pairing this with so I can wear it out!Worst quality ever. They ripped he first time I put them on.These are sooo small im 105 pounds and they still didn't fit. Worst buyOk fitness shoe but wouldn't buy again...Fit great for my 3yr old ....38inches tall, 32lbs

The patterns/colors shown are NOT the ones I received.Kind of muumuu-osh unstructured fit /form.  Not happy with peacock fabrc,I like the heavyweight material and stitching used on these Ts.This is thin lace but very cute.. for the price it is worth it.. bought for a bridal gift. She loved itCute, but not good quality.Fits perfect to size, warm, and very comfortableI am a size 11.5 and these socks were way too small.  Since I opened the pack I could not return them, but they fit my wife who wears a size 7.5 woman's shoe.Beautiful and comfortable sandles. I wish they would make them in black but the white ones are pretty.There were at least 5, at most 10 with defects. And they were all just shuved into a tiny little bag, i opened the bag and they just started falling out. Also they're weren't any dark color ones like in the picture.Snug in the shoulders.This shirt came looking very nice. It fit nicely and almost like an acitve shirt, the material of the shirt was flexible and comfortable. After a few wears the stitching on the left armpit came loose, so now there is a hole. Even developed a whole on the frontside of the shirt. The picture isn't as matte looking as the one pictured. It is shiny/plastic looking.  Three stars because if the rips wouldn't have developed the product would have been perfect.It's so large, I think I'll use to nap with J/kI've ordered these before and found them good value for the money. This pair was ruined when I peeled off the clear size strip.  It must have left some residual adhesive behind which the set into the fabric when I washed them. We've tried all of our stain removal tricks. Nothing works. Good glue, bad application. Result, pants ruined.Returning the boots for a larger size, maybe another style.
I liked the boots.  Wish they fitBeautiful watch, but much smaller than I had expected. Returning....This item arrived at my house with the bottom wheel and case busted and broken. I was extremely unhappy because I needed it right away.Lies lies liesI received this dress a size up from what I currently wear. The bag was marked the correct size, but the dress was labelled a size up. I figured I'd try it on anyways to see if it was worth exchanging for my correct size. Except, it didn't fit. I have several other dresses by several other brands all in the same size that fit perfectly, but with Yacun I'd need to order two sizes up based on experience. The texture of the fabric was akin to table linens, so even if it fit it was still being returned.Great ring, I love it! The only thing I wish is that they did half sizes. I had a size 10 ring, but lost it because it was too big. So I got this ring in a size 9. Which is a little small, and once on. It is really tough to get off. Other than that, I think this ring is awesome!I am 5'9" and wanted it to go closer to my knees. It was too short. I sent it back. Otherwise, the sizing was good.These are cute.  The only thing I would mention is that if you have larger calves, it will be a tight fit.  Other than that, these really are cute and complete my daughter's Halloween costume.The shoe looks great just ordered a half size to large for my wife. But the calf was also too wide. Not sure if it's because of the size being to big but not going to take that chance on ordering her regular size without trying them on.Nice shoeI bought this watch to use as a knock-around timepiece to wear for Saturday chores and such.  It replaced a 10-year old plastic cased "Swiss Army" watch whose non-replaceable band had finally broken.  My impression is that it's a big, thick, heavy wristwatch, alright, it that's what you're looking for.  The band is a bit flimsy and can't keep it steady on my wrist. I haven't owned it long enough to tell how well it keeps time.  I can't say I'd recommend this to anyone without a very big wrist, and even in that case you'll probably want a heavier strap to wear with it..They were too large in my normal size 10 even with a nylon footie on and just tooooo pink for my taste but I would still order from this company.I don't know if someone stole my number or not,,I like the way fills  It looks funny towards the backIt looks cool, and feels silky. The inner tie popped off the second day I had it though. If you actually wear a 2XL, this probably isn't the robe for you. It closes well enough at the top, but there's zero overlap under the tie, so it's a no-go for covering ladyparts while answering doors.I had to return them. I wear a size 12M show and could hardly get them on my feet.Hubs loves them. Easily broken inNot true to sizeGreat product at a great price but it only gets four stars because it doesn't have a space to keep an emergency car key (first thing my parents taught me about a wallet).
My father always had a wallet with space for two keys (car key and house key).Okay boot, cute & warm but the belts don't stay in place. Wouldnt recommend wearing them in the snow for any more than a quick trip to the store.These are absolutely great jackets.  So far I have bought one for myself and 2 for my boyfriend.  They are nice and warm and the material really holds up well to what we put it through.Watch had same issue as stated by GreyBeard with the second notch function to set day of week not working.
Also, probably related to that malfunction; it will randomly not advance / stop working... didn't have "time" to diagnose, all I know is that it's got the correct time then some time later I'll look at it and it'll be hours if not days off.
Totally, unreliable so cannot use it.
I missed the return deadline so cannot return it.
It would have cost me more to return likely anyway.
Unhappy with this purchase needless to say.When I opened the box I was impressed on how light it was. However, being so light, it also felt flimsy when I picked it up by the handle. The four spinners were great and was easily moved around the airport, both on the carpet and off. Unfortunately, on my first use of this luggage, the airlines put a slash in it. As I was in a hurry to get to the hotel, I did not notice this until I arrived at the hotel and started to unpack. Fortunately the slash did not go through the luggage. I would not recommend this luggage set to anyone.Exactly what I was looking for. My bf's wearing this to our Christmas party. It's festive & elegant!Got this for my genderbent Rick Sanchez. Now mind you I didn't do any additional work to this wig so maybe with a bit of TLC it would look a lot less "wiggy". It's great for the price but it does look like a wig.Not great fabricWe loved it!!They arrived broken.  Lens fell out.  I knew they were cheap but I expected both lens.This is a nice coat! But you need to know it runs small. We got caught in a downpour, and I stayed dry.great material, but bigger than I expected and I returned it.I really love these boots! Easy on/easy off, sturdy  bottom, roomy enough for adding orthotics AND thick socks in winter. Just what I was looking for! I just wish my size had some fun patterns!Fits a little large but tbh I wanted it a little large so there u goNice colorsWait small. Order at least one to two sizes bigger.The size run small I returned itI received the wrong pants. Rhis is supposed to be a gift. Now what am I suppoised to do ...jeez.The fit well but the mustache and monocle faded within a week of me having them. They were super glow in the dark though.Runs small, will return itNice material BUT this was not an XS. Had to throw it in the dryer about 5x to shrink it.pretty standard lunch box. seems a bit flimsy, we'll see how long it lasts.Bought jacket size larger so it will fit. The Jacket and vest fits fine but the paints were way to large. Had to get waist taken up and of course hemmed. I would say if you buy this suit the jacket seems to run a size smaller, so keep that in mind.Pants run small and shrink when they are washed. Very disappointed and would not buy again.I've had it about 6 months.  I fly somewhere about once a month for work.  As much as possible I like to fly in early/stay late and try to see a bit of wherever I am.  In order to do that I do get a bit off the beaten path.  Reviews are very good so I had high hopes it would be just what I was looking for - carry-on luggage I could occasionally use as a backpack.  Wasn't to be.

Backpack straps are very thin and ill-fitting.  If the duffel is empty it might be fine.  But filled with a normal amount of carry-on they do not work well.  In a pinch maybe but you wouldn't want to hike far with them.  I don't think even if you could stand the straps cutting into your shoulders and the uncomfortable position the bag rides in that the straps would last that long.  The stitching at the bottom is pretty poor.

Other than that it's an okay carry on.  Wheels are nice, material/zipper/build quality is fine.  I liked that the bag is split in half; makes packing easier.  Also liked the expanding feature (but did get some guff from an airline about it being too big).

I am worried about the handle.  It has more play every time I use the bag.  I don't see it standing up long term but maybe it will surprise me.

One thing for the people who build it:  the very outside pocket has an inside pocket (just a piece of fabric sewn it).  That pocket could be super handy if it were sewn in deeper into the pocket so a tablet pc would fit in it and allow the zipper to be closed.
-----
Update 10/29:  handle is still holding up but one of the backpack straps has given out where it was stitched at the bottom.  I'm sure I have less than 10 miles total wearing it as a backup.I love these shoes. I wear them everywhere.

I had another pair like them not sure what the name brand was as they were a gift but I loved them so much that I bought the Leddi Tamarac Slippers.

They are indoor/outdoor shoes. They are comfortable to wear anytime. They keep your feet warm and stay on without sliding off. They do run small I would suggest buying a bigger size than what you normally wear. As to how much bigger I am not sure. I normally wear a size 4 in kids shoes but I ordered a size 6 and they are snug fit which I like.

I will definitely buy another pair when these wear out.Wish it would be glitter.Great boots while they lasted. I purchased these from sports authority and wore them for very light practices, however after two games the leather is pulling apart from the sole. Such a shame because they felt great until now.I love these hose. They are beautiful on the leg and they match up with everything.THEY ARE ALRIGHT , BUT NOT AS COMFORTABLE AS I THOUGHT. I STILL LIKE THEM, BUT CAN'T WEAR THEM FOR A LONG TIMECotton is not as soft as expected but not badHave not used yet it is for vacation which is not yet. Looks ok to throw over the shoulder.Very nice product but didn't realize how big these would be.  3 carat weight each!  Very large.the belt 38 in. was as long as the 40 in. size, belt buckle to big,.very thick not as attractive as seen in the pictureHad i known this would only up go a tad below my navel, i would have thought twice about buying this $$$$ thing....
NOT recommended....for ANYONE.
Spanx, you've let me down  :(I like the sweater, it fits perfectly, and it's comfortable.  I just wish it was actually grey, as described.  The picture makes it look brown, which I would have also been happy with since that's also a neutral color, but the actual color is closer to maroon/purple.  I like the color, so I'm keeping it, but I'm disappointed I can't wear it as much as I'd hoped.I am very pleased with the service I was given and the quality of the product.NiceCute, somewhat slick so applied some grippers overall cute but not super comfy but great priceI was really excited for this.... however what I received in the mail was NOT what I had orderedThought these looked like nice jeans when I saw them online but they are very rough and permanently crease and fade. I hated them for a good while until I started welding. now they are my favorite work pants. mostly because they are thick and I couldn't care less about them though.I liked it when I first got it but the more I wore the jeans the more I realized these jeans don't stretch that much. Also the cut is really low and unflattering for my body type. I thought it was a mid rise but its more of a low rise fit, which isn't my favorite. They are cute but they aren't flattering on all body typesI'm 5'4" and weigh 160lbs and often these long dresses are so long they are dragging on the ground.  It comes to my ankles and this is perfect for me.  If you want something longer it may not work out for you, or if you are taller.  Looks very elegant and is very comfortable/cool.  I have bought several Jostar clothing items and will continue to look for their items as they are a great fit and I love the fabric.good quality produkt , shippingcosts were a bit high ;-)Comfortable.I ordered these for my 14 year old son. They are too long in the crotch and did not fit well.I was a non believer until one day I decided to try it.  I had nothing to lose but pain.  I was pleasantly surprised when after a few days of wearing the tank top I was somewhat relieved of the pain I was previously having.  This has made me a believer and I will be ordering the shorts as well.it looks really neat and pretty and it's small enough to take on trips. however, I bought it to weigh checked baggage (around 20 kg) and it is really difficult to lift heavier suitcases. not sure if it is the size, the shape or just my technique...The buttons broke right away, like while trying it on for the first time. The bottom was baggy. The material is that cheap pseudo-stretchy material that stretches out once you move a little but never goes back to normal.This is a beautiful bag.  I love it and I get a lot of compliments on it.  I wear it as a messenger or on my shoulder and it is very comfortable.  Has a lot of storage and I even use it to carry a small purse inside.  A really good product for the price.  I would definitely buy it again and wish that I had gotten this as a Christmas gift for my family members.They look great, but are giving me terrible blisters.it was a great front pocket wallet up until I dropped it a couple times and then the glue stopped holding the material and it started to come apart.I was very disappointed in the quality of this coat because I really like it. The hood is so large that it completely covered my face. I put it on to wear to the store today after taking the removable fur off and discovered that the left pocket seam is not sewn at all! Very shoddy workmanship.No problemI live the fit of these jeans. However the color in the photo is nowhere close to what the actual color on the jeans is. I was expecting a light wash and what came was almost completely navy.Pretty but doesn't quite match the outfit I was going to wear it with. Will be good for making jewelry though.Looks better than picture. Absolutely beautiful.Cheap materialwhite one was see throughlove themWatch did whatever it wanted to, no instructions on setting it.  Was def a "get what you pay for" itemThis shirt is surprisingly effective.  It feels warm until you sweat, then it wicks like crazy and dries out incredibly fast, even on pretty humid days.

Sizing is ridiculous,  so I penalized them one star. No way this was a medium except for a medium professional wrestler.

Great value,  though.There was a hole in the stitching right out of the package, and the shirt was WAY to small. I usually wear a 22, I ordered a 24-26 and it was still way to small. I gave it to a friend who is a size Medium or a Large in T-shirts and a size 12-14 in dress shirts, it fits her perfect. SIZES RUN WAY SMALL! And a hole.....really?Not snowproof but it is cold-proof.Very small, has a cheap feel to it. Not good materialPRO: Great pair of work pants. Sturdy, nice fit, durable.

CON: Annoying and absolutely horrible pockets.NICENot as furry as in the picture.  Can't expect much for the price. Wish it was bigger. Idk if a baby would fit on it.Not a great product for big girl... Speaking as one.this mask was very hard for my friend to breathe in. the image on the front does not really distort features enough. had to trim away excess mask but still very hard for friend to breathe.Over the last few years, I have taken a liking to these longer boxer briefs. I have bought a few different brands and 'models'. So far this is the most comfortable by far.This jacket fits perfect.  I love the light stretch to the fabric.  I am very curvy so it does flatter those hips!  I recommend washing it in cold and line dry.  Can't wait for the feel after its broken in.  Definately a keeper!Good quality. Has more 'antiquing' than expected. I enjoy the shirt. I weigh 208, 5' 11". I like my shirts a little loose, for breathing an arm room. Ordered the large.These run at least a full size too small, sometimes a size and a half but they don't make half sizes.It's really cute but its big I ordered a medium and it was like a men's large. An x small would have probably fit nicely. I'd recommend ordering a size or 2 smaller than you are.I ordered this hat for my husband; the white one. I received it today and was highly disappointed. It looked nothing like the description. It has the red interior lining showing under the band,(fraying threads).  Also, it did not have the sleek appearance as the picture describes. This hat has so many dents and wrinkles that it is not acceptable. Maybe had it been packaged diffently it would not have happened. it was just thrown in the box with some other items that I ordered.  I have not had any issues with the last 5 hats I purchased. This one was for an event. I am returning this hat. Poor workmanship!  Very disappointed!I really love the pants but it was way too small,black trimming started to peel after first use. but does the job, sturdy bagMade in China! Not sure why they advertise it as made in USA. The shoes is tight probably buy a size lager.The vest was to big, it said small but it wasn'tshirt is nice fabric, but size is way undersized from explanation, runs very small to sizeI was really hoping that these would be the cotton knit rather than the acrylic, but there was no information about that so I took a chance.I was excited to receive these in the mail until I tried them on and realized that these are not authentic. The sole felt ridiculously thin almost like a moccasin type of shoe so I ended up returning them. Not a good buy, unfortunately I ordered these in an 8W.  They are *so* hard to get on, I was hoping they'd break in a bit but they're still really hard to put on.  Also, the color where the tongue touches the velcro strap has rubbed off with minimal use along with the picture of Belle on the hearts of both shoes.  They light up okay but I have doubts that they are genuine Stride Rite shoes ... I think Stride Rite is normally a better quality.Our grandsons wore these shirts for their Bubble Guppies birthday party when they turned two.  So cute.This is my second one. I love the way they fit!Love it, but I ordered an XL, got a xxl marked medium. Ha! Its amusingly huge, but still comfyThe hat was missing from the package, which was a disappointment.  The dress had obviously been removed from it's package, refolded and put back in the bag without the hat.  Otherwise it is a cute costume and my daughter liked it.excellent fabric and design qualityl  but much too large size compred to European sizesLove the feel, fit and colors. They stay in place and I bought my usual size.It is hard to pull out the crown to adjust date and day. It is also date/day not move smooth when turn the crown counter clock. The band is not real leather as it said, bottom band make by plastic not leather, top of band unsure made by leather. Also the band is hard and difficult to wear on wrist. Do not really like it. Only 1 day do not know how good it movesThese are much more attractive looking than the same style in smooth leather, but they still run a size too big. They're one size larger than expected; order a size down. They're similar liking to Ugg boots, loose and floppy around the ankle and calf area. They didn't wow me, I returned them.I got my product in a mere 8 days after the order processed which was super exciting!
I came home from work and promptly ripped the package open and shucked off my work attire to try on this highly anticipated Chinese finery.
It fit, it fit, it fit! I typically wear a medium, and I ordered a large based on their measurements and the tape measure I used.

But then I realized my bottom was a little revealing. And by "a little" I mean that the cloth barely covered anything.
And I said out loud "it's really bizarre that there would be such little fabric in the back and so much in the front" while lifting up the skirt. And realization dawns.
It was sewn backwards.
Taking the saying "ass backwards" to a literal level.
Dismay quickly overcame me while I took it off.
And since this company is in China, I'm having a helluva time with their customer service.
They were prompt and willing to give me a 20% refund but the language barrier translates my issue as "sizing" when it was clearly a manufacturing/human error.
Returning is too much time and money.
And since I only paid $11, I'll bust out my seam ripper and fix it myself so I will be able to wear it correctly.
Cute product though, wish I didn't have to put the extra time and work into it, thoughThe weapons do not stay in in the backpack. I am having to put them back every time my son moves.I bought these jeans for my husband. The jeans are somewhat tight in the waist but not enough to send back as my husband has been on a diet and  losing some weight. The length is good and they are comfortable and have some stretch to them.I wear a pretty firm 5.5 in women's and most Skechers I have bought have been perfect. These are tight across the toes. They also have this shiney junk on them. I'm not in 2nd grade, I just have small feet. I'm bummed. They aren't as comfy as most Skechers I buy either. I don't recommend this pair and I have bought at least 6 or more pairs of Skechers over the years.I want to return these shoes because they do not fit correctly and the quality is poor.  I have to wait until my printer is ready until I am able to request a return form to put on the box in which the shoes can be returned. Very disappointed in the quality and sizing of these shoes.My kid loved it. Wore it until she grow out of it 2 months later (LOL). I was surprised for a popular game, I could not find it in a store.My daughter has worn these type of sketchers since she was two.  This is the first time we have been disappointed.  The blinking lights broke within three weeks of the package arriving.  One shoe has a light that stays on 24 hours a day for the last week.  The other shoe's lights do not work at all.  We have probably purchased 5 different pairs of Sketchers Twinkle Toes over the years and this has been very disappointing to me and my daughter who will probably have to wear them for another several months.  In previous purchases the light worked for 6+ months each time.  Next time we will not purchase shoes fromlooks nice, but bag does FALL APART VERY FAST just after a few uses.Color not as advertised. Full of gray hair. Therefore did not match my mustachemy little boys likes crocs( easy to put, easy to take off) and this one its glow in the dark! so cool!!Looks good but buy at least a size and a half aboveI normally wear a 34DD so I ordered a 34D on this suit since the next size is at 36D. To my dismay it was way too big for me. I really liked the design especially that you could get 5 different styles with this tankini. I had to return it.The only time I have really been disappointed in a purchase I made on Amazon.  I purhased this necklace several months ago and the pearls were no where near 10-11 mm.  They looked like about 6mm.  I was very disappointed and will not wear it.  It does not look appropriate on an adult neck.This was the perfect gift for my girlfriend! Not too gaudy, the jewel definitely dazzles and dances in there! She so loves it, and hasn't stopped wearing it! Perfect!!!It's okay...

Not an official product...Frruit of the Loom may be an older company, but they still manage to sell well made and true to size clothingNecklace arrived broken.Smooth and comfortable.  Best find in a long time. Especially like the waistband that is non binding and almost invisible.It was okay but it hurt my feetDon't like how they feel when I walk might feel better aftet they get broke in but might take awhileIpad does not fit in the bag, which is the reason I bought it. The leather does not feel real, a bit oily.Not the best material and fit was awkward but they worked.I ordered these because they were just what I was looking for and were well made and comfortable.  But, they fit me like a size 10 or smaller.  Both my heel and toes hung over.  Of course, they did not come a size bigger.  DisappointedI received the watch after waiting over a month for it. It did not look like the picture as it is not chocolate colored, more rose colored. I am NOT satisfied with my purchase. I told the merchant about this issue and they stated that it was the same watch in the picture, it was clearly not. Now it is going to cost ME additional funds to return it, which I am not interested in. I will never again do business with this merchant!!!It was way smaller then I was hopingGreat boots, you get what you pay for in terms of medium quality but I had to return them as the supposed size 9 was more like an 8!I really liked them but one broke the first week and another broke after 3 weeks. I don't really want to send them back because I like them so much but I guess I have no other option.Very uncomfortable shoe.after 3 weeks of using it, the part where the drivers license goes ripped and ive only had to access it twice. :(These are good lounge pants although thin through the legs. I have bought others in this line and were excellentFits about a full size smaller than normal shoe size. I had to exchange a 7.5 for 8.5 but haven't received the new ones. The 7.5's felt like a size 5 on my foot! Although they are very cute, they are not a heavy boot.I actually LOVE the pendant, but it only lasted 6 months before the silver totally rubbed off!  For the cost of the item, that is really unacceptable!!Is not a heavy duty t-shirt. Cotton is light weight and shrinks whenwashedConverse are great shoes for lifting or walking.  Good quality and they fit about a half size smaller than your running shoes.I really like these shoes, they're feminine and pretty and very neutral. However, after a couple hours they do get uncomfortable to me. Especially where the edge of the toe covering slides against the top of my foot. Hopefully this will get better. Otherwise they're great shoes and good quality.This boots are great! I love the heel its not super high but high enough to be cute. I like that the toe has a little bit of a different finish it looks like they won't scuff easy. These boots are very comfortable, offer good arch support. They are easy to slip on and off. They look great inside boot cut jeans, and I love them with a pair of skinny jeans. *Disclaimer* I bought these boots at a discounted price in return for my honest reviewI purchased because I was required to by my school for clinicals. The fit is very large, I normally wear an XL in tops because of my large chest but it was huge and boxy. It seems the length sits the same no matter what size you get, it just gets wider with larger sizes. The XL was so much bigger than the size chart said, that I actually wore it at 9 months pregnant. I eventually bought a L after baby, but the material is horrible. It is so stiff, so don't purchase for comfort it has no strech or movement at all. The only pro is that it washes well and has great color that does not fade, and the amazon price is great as expected.I loved these and they fit perfectly. Sadly, the day after the return window closed, the zipper lost a tooth and now they're useless.Nice looking watch --wife didn't like the pearl colored face-- So we returned this watch without difficulty. Dealer was easy to work with.I was excited for this item. I was looking for something to keep my brass protected while traveling.
I couldn't feet more than 2 brass in it and they were pretty squeezed. So same way that they will be in my luggage.
Not very usefull product.they are beautiful"Leather" is extremely cheap and shiny. The white stripes are all different widths. The stars are a cheap fabric. And worst of all. It smells horrible. I give it two stars because it is what is described, but the picture and description made it seem much more high qualityA little yellow, not white enough.love these sandals, they mold to your foot. This is my second pairBad qualityThis is a great, warm fitted hat. Unfortunately, it runs really small so my son only got to wear it for a few weeks! Would definitely buy a size up!Nice but it has some manufacturing defects.... Im disappointed :/.

Overpriced for quality ... its true I wear size small. I wanted a loose, baggy feel, to wear around the house, but it fits like a regular small size pants.kToo small and way short. Gave it away.Just ran super small!I travel every week on business and bought this bag because of the Nautica brand, supposedly being a better quality product...WRONG!  After using it for a short period, the pull tags have all come off the zippers, and the handle is so shaky I think it will fall off.  I had high expectations for it, now I have to replace it.  Don't buy this type.These are very pretty, but the post is very fragile and prone to bending and the sharp edges catch on everyone I hug!very thin, you can see every detail of your body.  Love the color but will need to wear shapewear with it.Nice shoes, would have given 5 stars if they had a bit more arch support. I remove the insoles and add my own.I was so excited to find a men's boot with a zipper so my husband who suffers with MS could just slide his foot in, zip and be ready to go. However, because the zipper doesn't go down far enough, the boots were impossible for him to get them on. Sorry. We had to send them back.comfortableBeautiful necklace and earrings. Love this set.Super cute but super short!!  I'm 5'9" so this didn't work for me, returned it.Its so hard to find low cut socks for kids, which is why i buy them but the elastic isn't tight enough so they slide down into the shoe. Could just be these socks, but im keeping them.Arrived with the handles already coming apart ... went with a different style all together.The fit is good on this shirt and the quality also good. Nice, lightweight material, so it will be great for the summer monthsBeautiful...EXCEPT the big snowflake on the front was put on terribly. Off center, not in a circular shape, under (instead of over) sequins.. just not right. It's too bad because it's a great dress otherwise,  but I have no choice but to return it.  Haven't decided if I'll try to purchase again,  in hoped that I just got a bad stock, or just get something else....Top three straps are too tight and is difficult getting the foot in.  And then is very tight around the ankle when on.  Didn't think I could return them because I stretched them out to get them on and rendered them unsellable.They aren't flattering at all and seem uncomfortable, although I haven't actually worn them because they just don't look great. I would return if I wouldn't lose half my money on just the shipping cost to send back. I don't know what I will do with these :(I love the look of this shoe - fun, bright colors!  The tongue is a bit awkward - seems very narrow. The shoe itself is narrow but it does have a wide toe box which is nice. I would agree with other reviewers that you may need to order a half size up from your normal shoe size.

I am hoping i can get mine to stretch a bit with regular wear. For others who think the shoe is a bit tight, you might be able to take to a shoe repair place and ask them to stretch it out for you... worth a shot.Like it not exactly what thought was gonna be but it fits niceLove these and I'm 6'2" and these are true thigh highs for even a tall chic. Worn them for just a few hours and the lace unraveled from the stocking itself :(Beautiful earrings. I like them better because the clip does not show.Product is a great size. The face of Darth Vader is more like a cartoon Lego version.

Mine arrived with corner broken off and huge scratches, gauges and missing paint sections. It was beyond disturbing. Couldn't get exchange and still fighting for refund.

So... design seems nice. Reality was horrible for my experience.Wear well... lasts long.This is a nice set. Soft and very cute, however the fit is ridiculous. Thankfully I read the reviews and ordered a 4T for my TWO YR OLD. He is a tad on the bigger side, but a 4T?! After shrinking in the wash some, it fits good. Come on Gerber, make your sizes a little more like everyone else's.I bought these for my wife to replace Isotoner slippers that had been worn so long that there were holes in the soles. She has looked everywhere for slippers to replace them, when lo & behold - here was pretty much the same thing right here on Amazon. A couple days later we had them. Turns out they weren't exactly the same, the main difference being a seam down the middle of the top, and she mentioned that could possibly be irritating. That was the only thing that kept them from getting 5 stars. But she has worn them daily (or should I say nightly) every since she got them, and all of her other slippers have disappeared - so I would say that these are just great. She's tried many other styles of slippers, but this is the one for her. Also - the fit was very accurate.The "green" color (reminds me of a mud mask!) is not flattering to fair skinned light blondes.I bought this for my sister and it is NO WAY a 4x.Excellent!I HAVE PROBLEMS WARING TOO MUCH AS I CAN WALK  OUT OF THEM -----I NEED A THONG TO HELP MY FOOT STAY INVery comfortable shoe.I have had the bag now 4 months.  I carry back and forth to the office every day and also have flown with it a few times.  The bag is holding up well so far.  You can really cram a ton of stuff into this thing.  I bought the bag just because I loved the pink interior.  I like that it has the squared off bottom so it sits up nice if behind the car seat or next to my desk.  I've gotten several compliments on how cute the bag is, and it was definitely a bargain.  The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because the straps should be padded.  I know it would take away from the looks a bit but I find the bag uncomfortable to carry when it's full, especially through an airport or walking long distances.  I have to hold the straps when I walk, otherwise they fall off my shoulder.Its just not a bra for women who need the support.Not so nice. SadNot a big fan of the overall shape, straps are a bit too wide for my liking.Cute but runs small!!The fabric is amazing. The outside is water resistant and super cute. The inside is soft and comfortable. This jacket is everything I wanted and it has a great price. The one down side is it runs really small. I'm usually a medium but I ordered the large so I could layer flannels underneath but the large ended up being too small with just a t shirt on. I'm sending it back and getting a bigger size but I think I'm going to love this jacket when it fits!These don't hide your nipples and the fit is way too small!Look they used to be twice as thick  (5 stars)
 what can I say
everything is inferior today
& in most cases much more moneyLove this shoe. It looks good with just about anything. I had to wear it immediately after I received my shipment!the fabric is great, and is super soft and fits well, however I was really hoping for a better pouch, its got a little bit of a pouch but not how i was expecting it to be, I highly recommend them!!It was too big and didn't have a proper closure just a large snap.When I ordered, it said one size fits all.  when they arrived, they were a medium.Liked the shirt so much, I bought another!You could fit an obese elephant in these XL shorts.My toes have plenty of room to move around in these, and there is room for my small, rigid arch supports (Good Feet brand) without having to remove the liner. They've held up well, even in the rain; they dry quickly and to form.
I'm seriously considering getting another pair of these, even though they haven't yet begun to wear out!it does smell like leather i have no doubt it IS leather but it does not look like authentic snake skin it lools fake, very shiny and an attempt to make the leather look as if it scaly but ive seen snake skin and this looks as if it is a print. would not reccomendThe shorts are too small.  The waist is tight, and it's supposed to be 34".  Is it convenient to shop from your desk?  The answer is yes.  Is it frustrating to shop from your desk?  The answer is yes again.  Size charts are all over the map.  Is a 34" waist in the USA larger than a 34" waist made overseas?  Someone enlighten me here please.  Will be returning this, but not sure of what size to reorder.Very disappointed in color ... not at all like picture. Extremely bright, dark, turquoise.I bought the shoes for my 2-year old daughter and she wears the shoes, however she does not keep them on long.Not badI ordered this for my 7 year old's school project. He is dressing like the Wright brothers. The costume is somewhat cheap like. The goggles have foam on them and bend in the middle. This is good for us bc now I don't have to worry so much that he's going to break them. It's perfect for his presentation and he loves it. For the price, I think it's great. The scarf it'd somewhat short but it's long enough to tie and still hang some.They are much thinner than I expected. They look really small after you wash them but stretch nicely on your foot.Amazing this farVery cute! Just what I was looking for.It is a pretty ring. The gold is the right color gold and it sparkles and shines. It looks like quality ring, but you get what you pay for. The gold wore off in a little under a year. Okay for a replacement or a temporary ring.Seems Ok, for the price I guess. My little girl loves it, but... It looks like the bottom 1/4 of the pocture is cut off (on the photo it looks like its a snow- NOT it seems like they run out of ink!) i didn't notice that untill i got it. I just don't want to bother with return/reorder. But if I would have seen it before, i would have bought the 4 wheel one. They seem more sturdy...
And my girl lovs it, so... No way is she parting with it.I ordered a size larger just in case and it was Still too small in length. I'm 5"3 it fit but the snaps were at my waist there was no way I was going to even try to snap it.GreatThe colors are nothing like the picture it is very dirty and dingy looking not white and clean looking at all the size and everything else is good but I would be embarrass to wear it I do not recommend this color option maybe one that has no "white"I wish they can in a 6.5as expectedNot true to size.  Ordered XL and leggings were actually more like a medium.  I ultimately donated them to the Salvation Army.  Would not recommend these to purchase.very nice shirt and sized properly update....shirt snagged on twig on the second hole Very pretty dress. Got the flower and bird print on steel blue and looks delightful! This color will pair brilliantly with some silver sandals. I only wish the fabric was a bit thicker, and it's not something you can really iron or dry in a dryer on high heat as the material is fragile & sensitive to it, but the material also makes it near impossible to wrinkle so good trade off IMO. Not often will you find pretty dresses at a pretty price but this fits the bill.Love them, needed to replace my old pair and these are exactly the same. Perfect fit!These shoes are a lovely light brown color and they're really cute. I was so excited to get them and I read the reviews that they ran small so I ordered an 8.5. Okay,  my package arrive one day late even with PRIME 2 day shipping. Not only that, but the shoe is so tiny. I looked inside and the size is barely legible but its an 8! Not the size I ordered (8.5), so I'm returning and definitely not risking it again.I like these socks.  They slip every now and then... only under tough going... but that's the only thing that keeps them from 5 starsThe trainer starts to bunch up and pinch your waist.  It needs to have metal rods that keep it's shape in place.Thought the medium too small.should have ordered wide,but was not offered.I should have known when it said one size fits most. most being not thunder thighs. :( super cute though! gave em to a friend and she loves themDress is beautiful; but its pretty snug.I love the style of bathing suit, but the bottoms were definitely a lot small than the size I purchased. The top has a little too much cushion for someone who is a 36D. I am 5'7 and weigh 145, the bottoms cut into my rib cage and did not look cute. If you're petite, this bathing suit is for you.The color of the tanzanite earrings is nothing closed to the picture on the website, looks like a CZThe package was empty. Nothing was in the package. What do I do?My 5 year old got these PJ's for christmas.  He was very happy with them and wore them the entire day.  They fit him very well and the size seem to be true to form.  I would have liked them to be made out of a little bit heavier material so they would be a little bit warmer.  We live in a cold climate but for those of you in warmer climates these PJ's would be a perfect weight to keep your little one warm at night.Good wallet.  Didn't last long, the stitching started coming off after a couple of weeks.These are excellent boots, easy to get on & perfect for the wet muddy spring here in Arkansas.  I did have to use an insert for arch support, but that may just be me, because my husband has the same boots & they have support enough for him.  I wish I had bought these boots years ago !I had this top in my cart forever, waiting to buy it. I wanted it, and I just KNEW I was going to love it. I WANT to love it. I just don't. The off-shoulder side with the lace strap is the problem. The strap is oddly-placed, at least on me. It doesn't hit where my bra strap hits, and it just looks weird. If you don't mind wearing either a convertible, or strapless, bra, then I guess it would be fine. But I'm a big girl, and neither of those options are optimal for my personal comfort.I wasn't expecting much but I got more. Seems to be close in quality to a typical Casio G-Shock which it blatantly copies, even down to the script on the bezel. It's comfortable and accurate, has held up for a month now. I haven't exposed it to water yet so that remains to be seen. If anything changes I will update this review. If you get it at the price I did, I recommend it for a knock around watch that others will assume is a Casio G Shock.they shrinkit was much smaller than we expected . probably our fault for not reading the description carefully.I can wear these p.j's all year long. I like the shorter leg style. Color very pretty.My 3rd one .... HINT: By one size smaller so it fits snug and makes crinoline stand out. very stretchy will not be uncomfortable.I bought the Noisette color (I obviously needed to translate this word into English although I'm not certain that it would've helped) thinking that it would be a good color for my caramel brown skin, It Is NOT!
The photo makes the color look like it is brown but it is more of a beige/olive green! Hideous!
Definitely not the right color for deeper skin tones. The fit is as expected but I can't imagine myself wearing these with anything and I bought 2 pair at once! Should not have done that. I'm going to return them. Also, these are not sheer; they have a matte finish and the appearance of a very small fishnet stocking pattern, FYI.To echo what other folks have written:  The 527 line has changed, and these are cut much slimmer than my last pair with the same number.  Also, the description claims that these are "100% cotton", but the pair I received is <80% cotton, the rest is polyester and elastic.  Not what I'm looking for in a pair of jeans.The earrings were completely bent in half when I got them. They ship in a very lightly lined envelope and had poked through and been bent. The sapphire looked a little cheap, but for $7 it was ok. I would never pay the regular price for this.Shed but exactly as pictured so great for the cheap price.  The bangs start far back on the head so you can make them shorter or longer depending on where you place it on your head.  It's the same horrible shocking green as the photo.It looks good!I purchased the Stuhrling Leisure Eagle Osprey a month ago and my experience with it is basically positive. I feel it's a good watch for the price, but not perfect. And, there's a little bit of controversy.

I purchased this watch on Amazon based on two things: appearance and the promise of a Swiss movement. I do like the watch's appearance. The 42mm case diameter is, I feel, a good balance between todays larger watches and the ability to fit most men handily. This it does well. The black-plated, stainless steel case is attractive and I like the design of the face and hands, I do like the "neon blue" color of the hands and markers contrasted with the flat black of the dial. The case itself has been machined at right angles to the face and the corners are a little sharp. It won't cut, but you feel it.

The movement itself is advertised as a Ronda 515 quartz movement on the Amazon page. I have several other watches with the Ronda 515 and it's a reliable movement. This watch was five seconds fast in the month I've owned it. That's certainly good for a quartz movement. The problem is that I looked at this watch (same model designation) on another online seller's page and the movement is described as a Ronda Swiss Parts 515, which consists of Swiss-made parts sets assembled in China. I think one could imagine the cost - and quality - being lower on this type movement. Which is it? I am willing at this point to assume that I have received exactly what I paid for - the Swiss made movement.

The leather band is quite light and certainly sufficient for this price watch though it's nothing special. It's a simple, lightweight, black leather band. Since this is a casual watch, it's going to be something I will wear at work and I sweat a lot at work and leather absorbs sweat. Therefore, I purchased a nice silicone band that I can clean easily.

I think this is a good casual watch that could also be used as a dress watch in a pinch, is attractive and has an accurate movement. It's not perfect, but I feel it's a solid four stars.Beautiful and comfortable. I had so many complements on it. Great for the price.Order a 14g taper to change nipple piercing it's to small the point in a taper is to cover the threads. Does not work waste of time and money for over night shipping.Soory to report that this good looking watch is being returned. It gains about an hour of time each day.Worst product I have ever ordered from Amazon. Words did not line up, shirt is completely stretched out.I've worn this slipper very little since their purchase, @ twice a week. The anatomical footbed lining, inside the slippers, have pulled apart exposing the cushioning below and bunching up. I am extremely disappointed by the poor quality and poor durability. I expect better craftmanship from an Italian manufacturer.Great Product. Thank you!just okA little too wide for my feet but comfortable. Take is as a very affordable loafer. The stitching does slightly come off in some parts slightly but it is fine. This loafer will only last me about half a year or a year if i alternate with others. The sole is very thin and wouldn't last for regular everyday wear.It looks better in the picture.I like it very much and would order another oneI thought these were black but they were navy and black so I sent them back.I purchased these flip flops just before leaving on vacation. Unfortunately they are a tad to small to be comfortable for me, but i was outside of my return window when we got back home, so i'm stuck with them. I purchased a child's size 6, which is a women's size 8. Since i usually wear 8.5 i was hoping these would fit, but no such luck. Giving them 5 stars because they are very nice shoes, and the sizing was my wishful thinking.Disappointed, only lasted through ten wears.Runs a little smallThey look like women's size 8!It fits well and very comfortable to wear.Had this less than 3 months and it broke in half...I bought this as a birthday present for my little sister and she loved it!Its stated to be a women's costume... Instead the packaging and costume was a teen costume.  I'm lucky to be able to get it on... Very disappointing.. However the costume is as cute as the picture.Extremely disappointed,the fabric was horrible,too thin cheap looking.Good looking shoes, however very uncomfortable and VERY smellyGreat price, but these pants are huge and really long. For being so long - they don't come to your waist either.I ordered the Seacamp and Newport to see the difference. Both are very similar except for two things...the rubber covers the toe area more on the Newport compared to the Seacamp and the Newport has an overlapping strap, which might keep the shoe on better, but not sure. Ultimately I went with the Newport. Id keep both though if I could! Seacamp would be an excellent shoe to get on and off quickly and both seem comfortable, soft and flexible. Once we use them this summer, Ill give an update.I guess the phrase "Plus Size" is a bit more objective than I originally thought. This item is a bit to small for my body and the image shown does not depict the design in an accurate way.I really liked the size and quality but somehow it felt more like a medallion than a medal and I returned it.My daughter loves it and enjoys wearing daily if I allow it. Product came as described.the picture does not do this coat justice it is way more subtle blends of greys and black size wise its on the larger sze but only a bit which makes weaing sweaters a lot easier if you want a quality coat at a great price try thisI really wanted to like these and, actually, I still do in some ways. However, they have one big problem - the fabric over the zipper puffs out significantly. I can't wear them with anything form fitting for this reason. As I said, I still love them because they fit well and are comfortable. I am going to order another pair to see if I just got a dud or if this is the case with all of them. I'll update my review once I find out.The coin purse was exactly what I expected and desired. Not disappointed in the least. Only wish it was available in other colors besides just red.Great shirt/short set. Fits perfect. The only issue is on the print itself. The shorts have the colors on the flowers so it either did not print white enough on the flowers or the other colors have imprinted onto the white. Will probably use the shirt more than the whole outfit together, just wish there was no issue with the print on the shorts. Love the material and set otherwise.so nice, fit, fabricThis top was such a disappointment.  The cut is strange and the colours were off.  The "white" int he picture is more a pale grey and it was just not flatterring at allCheap sunglasses that scratch and damage very easily, but good if you want sunglasses to leave in your car.Easily one of my favorite pins!They are nice and the size was right. Although I have a wide foot so they did not fit comfortably on my feet. Other than that it's a nice and sturdy shoe.After about 12 washes two pair both developed holes in the exact same places. At the top corners of the back pockets.This tote STANK so badly of chemicals right out of the packaging that it made me gag.  Mine arrived in the mail today and I'm airing it out and trying to use Febreeze to get the smell out.  Not sure if it will work.

The quality is also VERY POOR.  The hardware is extremely CHEAPLY constructed, as is the rest of the bag, including the straps.  I doubt it will hold up to much use at all.

THIS BAG IS NOT, I REPEAT NOT, LEATHER!  It's a poorly manufactured manmade material that is THIN and easy to tear.  The liner is a cheap version of nylon type fabric, also easy to rip.  If you buy this bag, don't expect to be able to put anything heavy in it or overpack it.

It is very large for a tote, but to me..the above negatives outweigh the size advantage.  I don't even know if I'll be able to put clothing into it because of the horrific smell.  I'm afraid it will ruin my clothes.

My advice, pass on this one and find something of better quality.  Stay away from Embassy brand products!Doesn't fit the 7 was huge on my daughter and the 18 and 24 month fit fine. Both dresses were too short on my girls but good quality.I came faster than expected and absolutely gorgeous!!! Perfect sweater necklace!I got a defected watch. The compass and the thermometer did not work in mine.
Other than that, the watch is awesome. It is big but not that heavy as i have expected. It has a nice design and a very good band.Really heavy material but nice dress.I love the look of them, but the heel strap was much too loose. I ended up returning them.The outside of each shoe rubs against my ankle bone.  It's an uncomfortable feeling.  Since they are pretty stiff I didn't think they would "break in" and get comfortable so I returned them.  Other than that I like the shoe.I bought this for a friend that likes dogs, when I saw it I immediately thought about her and was so excited to receive it and give it to her, but when I saw I felt l can't give it as a gift, because the qulity is very bad, it looks like a pic of dogs glued on the metal frame.
Cute idea, but very bad execution. SorryThe shoe was way to small. I wear a size 10 and could barely get my foot in the shoe.I liked this little wallet for while I was on vacation. Once I got home and put all my stuff in it I blew out all the seamsWorked fine for a while than strap came off and seams seperated.really smallI like themhve bn using baggallini for years  have two smaller sydneys and am missing the zipper wthin a zipper front pocket perfect for seperatinh cosmetics from hygenics  zipper quality and pulls are more difficult to use and definitely miss antique brass finish on hdwre which gives a more xpensive look. Sydney lg or small never looks overstuffed I have other bags and accessories love them all. also card holders and pen holders are useless give another pocket  thanks jahammer  have purchase two from amazon best prices quick serviceI put it on and within ten minutes of wairing the tights they feel apart. It got a huge rip that went across my whole leg. I didn't wash it or do anything really. I took it out of the package, put it on, then boom huge rip. It was a waste of money.The costume was to big, I sent it back but have not been credited to my account yet
Also was charged shipping charges and I was not suuposed to from AmazonI have a hard time finding shoes that fit my fat feet well, but these things fit perfectly. Also, as the name implies, they breath very well, and they have great traction. As long as they hold up, I will be back to buy more shoes from Vivobarefoot.ExcelentGot one for me and one for daughter.. fits great and is very warm. It lightBought these on sale. I'm normally a medium/large (5'10, 150lbs), but for pajamas, I like bigger and more comfy and ordered a large. The top was a little too big, and not quite long enough, but that's what I expected. However, the bottoms were way too small. I expected them to be short (they were), but they wouldn't even cover my rear end. The inseam is that short. Also, the pants, being white are fairly see through, though not where the penguin's are.The suit is very cute, price was right and couldn't beat it, however it is way to small. I would return the item, but it i not cost effective for me to do so. I will be finding a friend or someone who can fit into it that I can give it to.color was brighter/more neon than expectedI was so excited to give this as a gift, but when it arrived the box smelled terrible (weird) and the necklace looked cheap compared to the image- its a good thing they don't let you zoom in - you would see how different the texture of the black looks up close.
So the black part is not a black metal, its painted, and sloppily at that.  I don't know, I really want to like it but I think its going back... and my best friend will get something else.
When I scraped the black paint which carelessly was applied to the gold part, I thought "how much did I pay for this?!"  Additionally, if you are a regular, meaning not petite sized, woman the width of the crescent isn't quite as wide as your neck, so it sits funny.  OK, so if that weren't enough - the chain runs behind the entire crescent and the loops that the chain runs through- project outward past the depth of the crescent so they sit into your chest.  One of them was SHARP too, its just not a well made, nor well designed piece.The picture is deceiving - its like a dime store ring.WAAAAAY too big, compared to every other pair of shorts I own. Be forewarned.My Mom loves these shoes so much. I had to give it 3 out of 5 due to the fact that the stitching has already come loose on the strap. Bought them in March so they lasted for four good months.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Teva-Women-s-Olowahu-Sandal-Waterfall-Golden-Brown-9-M-US/dp/B0126MA61M/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Teva Women's Olowahu Sandal, Waterfall Golden Brown, 9 M US</a>

I expected more support in the arch, and more padding, overal.  They are just flip flops, with more straps.  I will re gift them, as my feet need more support.  They are cute, seem very well made, so they should hold up.  Be great for a younger person with no feet issues.  I have feet issues so not so much for me.  I will be gifting these to my daughter.All reviews misleading me!
Using about once a week and in less than one year upper material is loosing shape .
Poor quality is not worth it the higher price.
I had athletic shoes for more less money and using for long time.The ring looks yellow not gold at all. Very uglySize runs a bit small. I usually wear a 14 D, and I remember from a previous pair of Asics that I should probably add some width, so I went for a 2E version. It is still a tad small -- or more specifically it is "not true to size."  Not bad enough to exchange them for a larger size, but snug enough to know that I will need to break these in.

The other disappointing part of this shoe is that is really isn't comfortable. Very little cushion -- almost rock solid. (And that can actually be a selling point to some people, I suppose.)

2 stars.my husband did not like them did not hold up the back of the pantsnice simple quality watchThe size is all wrong. Ordering info was confusing. I Will not be able to use them my self. Bad luck!The worst Amazon order ever - the smell is so awful so I had to put the items in a plastic bag! And the seller suggested to leave it for couple of days to let the smell go away! Unbelievable! Smelling it for couple of minutes can make you sick. Plus there are no tags on the items (the fabric content, no washing instructions, etc.). Also, we were suggested only partial refund! Thanks for the offer, but keep it for other clients.too narrow had to returnPiece of junk. I bought this as a joke, but I wouldn't have my dog wear it. Sorry, folks, but I have to be honest.Hat was folded and smashed. Impossible to get the creases out and bill to lay flat. Beard was to be stuck to face with 2 little adhesive (one time use) squares. Did not last 30 min. Beard looked good but not usable without changing how it is worn.Practical with the pockets and front zipperI bought this watch 1 year ago, and the strap broke. I couldn't get a new strap. Where can i get it? ThanksThese pants are very comfortable and lightweight.  Great for hiking.  Enjoy the convertible nature of these.  Reattaching the bottom part of the pants is nearly impossible with them on, and hard even with them off.Wayyy too small! I am only 5'6" and I got an XL and it was super uncomfortable and too small length wise. Very loose fitting but riding up in to crotch. Not happy.I wear 8.5 M US shoe size......Over thirty years, I have purchased five subject shoes in that size.....never experienced any problems.........until this purchase....the width was too tight against my toes......I had excellent results with previous rockports.....I am sad this pair did not work out.......Purchased these for my daughter-in-law and she loves them, perfect fit and good quality.This samba classic was ok.  however, there is this bulge in the inside of the show that makes my feet uncomfortable.  After a couple of hours it could be extremely painful.  If you know that, then you'll get what you expected.  if you didn't, you will think there was something odd about the shoe.  i think that is how they made it.  didn't like though.This is not sized appropriately.  It was about the size of a 4-6 instead of a 10-12.  I sent it backThis necklace is really pretty but does not rest on your neck properly.  It rides up and does not look good.  I have not worn it.Just what I was looking for.  I love all of the hooks and compartments. excellent qualityI thought this was suppose to glow in the dark and it doesnt....that was the main selling point for me so im actually really disappointed.Now maybe I should have did more research on sizes, but the inscription on the inside is too small and the ring is also. I have small hands for a guy. I'm EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. I definitely will be returning this. Now for big day I will have to go get quickie band before hand until I get the right stuff. I got a size 8 looks like I needed 10 by their sizes.High quality but length is too short.
A 33w33L would have worked better.Grateful to find a womens size 7.5 for half the price.I wear a 12.5 in the Altra Instinct. The shoe fit guide said I would need a 12.5 for this show as well. It was wrong. They're a half size too small. I will be exchanging them for a 13.
Other than that, great shoe.Way too small.  I normally wear a large but ordered an XL and this was waaaayyy to small for me.  I think it would fit a small or medium person.  It's really disappointing that clothing manufacturers only think juniors want to wear cute clothes and not normal sized women.It's a nice looking watch for sure. But it's NOT accurate. This is the 3rd Euro time piece I've had in the last decade where the movement was far from accurate. It can be off by as much as 2 minutes within a day.  It also requires winding after 18hrs.  All my euro time pieces have been originals too, but just are Not accurate.  Going to have stick with American and Japanese pieces for now. They are accurate to the second, for weeks!It looks like it's made well enough but after a month or two the leather cracked and broke apart where it fastens at the buckle.I bought these for hunting, definitely not going to keep your feet warm during shot gun season.  If your going to use them for hunting choose something else for that, these arnt going to get the job done my feet were still frozenThis is a beautiful watch. It has a major flaw, the clasp will not lock .Uses slip thru with a lip that wraps around a bar held by a clasp that does not lock.It's a beautiful shirt. Am a 36 B and it fits pretty tight on the chest area. If you usually wear medium size and you are less than a 36 B this shirt is gonna fit perfectly if not consider going a size up.Runs smallItem as described. Very comfortable and very well worth the wait and very satisfied.Its a nice piece of cufflinks, looks exactly the way it is in the picture.very simple and classy ,very affordable too....like it so very much.Without trying the shoe out, it really does not help. Overall disappointed as will send for recycling soon for this pair of shoe as it is somewhat small for meThese are great sandals very all type of terrain.It seems a bit smaller than a normal adult small. The picture of the vest and tie is not as brilliant as the one pictured.  But for a fun novelty item it's good.the sweat on my back when I wear this in summer is unbearable. I use the side packs all the time but .... not for meIf the company fit my needs as well as these pants, I'd buy alot more from them.Pretty, but the part that goes in the hole in your ear lobe is very thick - very uncomfortable to wear if you have smaller holes.Used this to repair some rips in my business chair arms.  After a couple of applications it filled in and sealed over the rips in the arms of my business chair.  A good affordable solution as a band aid to repair.Love the shoe !Great boot would recommend the tan color these tend the scuff easilyI am a fan of the Dickie product and have been for decades.  However, this purchase was very disappointing.  I ordered 3 of the same pants and the same size.  I got 3 different sizes; one that fit in the waist but about an inch too short; another was slightly larger in the waist but was the right length; the last pair was too large in the waist and about 2 inches too long.AWESOME!  Exactly what I was looking for!  I couldn't believe how comfortable they are--I can wear them all day long!  They look great under slacks or with tights and a skirt or dress.  Can't express how much I love them!I ordered a dress but it's actually a shirt. I was a little disappointed but ended up keeping it anyway. It's super comfortable.A gift for my grandson.THEY ARE OK. BUT THE WHITE AND THE GREY TIES ARE TOO SIMILAR IN COLOUR.It was very cute but too small. It fit small. Had no trouble returning it for a refund.My son and I love it. The ears are floppy and stick out like in the picture. The costume is a bit snug for 12mo fit but my son is petite so it fits him fine. If your one year old is on the taller size, better go one size up.My sister wears 7-1/2 shoes so as a Christmas gift I ordered her a pair of size 8 slippers. The manufacturer is now making these slippers a whole size smaller. I had to switch gifts with my own new pair of size 8-1/2 so that she would have a present for the holiday. The unfortunate part is that I ordered the more expensive Glamour style for her. She now has the women's Denise style which I have to return for a size 9-1/2 for myself. I'm very disappointed with Daniel Green for (purposely) changing the sizes without advising customers to order a whole size larger for a proper fit.Zipper broke after a few uses, I was pretty disappointed as it was a gift & fit very nice.excellent hat! Feels a little heavy at first, but very comfy, even in 100 degree plus heat!Nice shoes, little wider than what I expectedThey are well made, very pretty, soft sole and she walks just fine in them, just slightly large but with a sock on it's a better fit. So well made, we love them and more importantly our little girl loves them too.It's okay...the thing that threw me was the color.  From the picture of the light gray/bright plum, the gray looks to be a medium shade.  In reality it is a pretty light gray.  Not a bad jacket if you want light gray, but I was looking for a slightly darker gray, which I thought it was from the picture.The bottom is too hardLove it!Super cute with just a tiny flaw. Wish they were a little bigger but still love themGreat outfit husband loved it on me.I ordered this wig to complete my daughter's halloween costume.  After an hour of use, we noticed dozens of the hairs everywhere she went; they were literally falling out as she walked!  It was fun while it lasted, but only for a day.Fits perfectly! Love themDidn't fit well at all. To bigLooks great but not practical.. Its a plastic type material not anything like swimsuit material. If the material was better it would have been nice.Did not look cute at allBeautiful scarf. very soft and elegant.  I now have a few of these Anika Dali scarves and  they have all been just as described.I really thought they would be more comfortable. I have purchased. Clark's shoes prior to this and loved them. Weren't worth the costI have many pair of Vionic but these were much to wide.American Dream is not "lightly striped"  it's a checked  pattern... But I got stuck with it due to a next day wedding.../:
Got the 2xlt. Sleeves are probably 39 ish inches long which is insane.  And necessary.
WAY bigger in the chest and stomach than a regular 2XL.  Felt like a 5X.This hat was great for my 11 year old daughter for a camping/hiking trip. It's easy to clean, can get wet, and provides great sun coverage.it was not what i was looking at i saw color in the last one i was thinging it have color in itThis box was perfect for our wedding rings.  They looked so classy and elegant.These shoes are a full size too small and have no arch support.  What did I expect for the price and
the fact they are made in China!Perfect.  Very pretty.The item was shipped quickly and the price of the item was reasonable and more highly rated as being functional compared to it's competitors.I nearly ruined my brand new Swatch in an accident involving a high-velocity plastic wagon and concrete. The face was scratched, scuffed, and gouged to the point where I could not see the second hand when it reached 12. I went into panic mode and immediately began to scour the internet to find a possible solution and I came across this product. It shipped to my house within just a few days and I got to work immediately. After several applications and much high-velocity thumb-rubbing, about an hour of work, the face looks almost new again. There is still a small indent where the deepest scratch was and a few very very minor irregularities in the glare, but I couldn't be happier with the result. I would definitely recommend this product to anyone with similar problems and I would buy it again in a heartbeat.Boot was to tight and I returned it and never heard back or got my refund.I got this because of it being similar to the one Kurt Cobain wore in the Heart Shaped Box music video and I have to say it's spot on.Awkward synthetic shoe that should fit but does not on all fronts. Not comfortable, not well made, looks very inexpensive.I ordered 2 sashes and only 1 came. I also paid for 2 sashesThese are nice underwear but they stretch out after you have them on and go places they shouldnt!These measured 28" in no way are they a 40After about a year the plating will start coming off or something because it will start giving me an allergic reaction... I buy a new one and I'm good to go for another 6-12 months.  It still looks fine just causes me to break out.  And I honestly wear it 24/7.The color is nice. The fit is definitely for a junior. Even the extra large, fits tight.Very tiny. I thought it would be much largerThis ring looks neat, but began hurting my finer after only a few minutes. Mine fit right around the knuckle on my middle finger and anytime I would bend it the metal would dig into my skin. The point on this ring is exceptionally sharp, but as a whole I was expecting a little better.My son had a great time thanks to this costume for his halloween party.I have had these shoes about 9 months and they have just not been as durable as my last 2 pair of clarks. I just boght a different style of clarks based upon my other pairs, but wouldn't recommend these to somebody that walks in there job. I am on concrete for about 4 hours a day, then walk around a large building that is over a half mile end to end. I have had many pairs of shoes in the past 15 years in the workforce in my field, and durabilty is needed. Most of my shoes i have stretched to get 18months to 2 years out of, This include bostonians, florscheims, born, rockport, nunnbush, dockers, hush puppies, echo, claiborne, and bass to name a few brands over the years, and i must say this was my most promising pair, but turned out to be my most dissapointing due to the durabilty. the main problem was the sole. I doesn't seem it, but it is a softer compound, so with my foot wear pattern it wore the heal quick perpetuating the roll on the shoe and ultimately making them uncomfortable to stand in after just 6 months, and now almost unwearable. Good price i got them for, but needed more durabiltyJust wasn't for me.The material is not of great quality.  Overall it was ok, but not what I expected.This t shirt was the hit of my tennis court when I first wore it. I like a racer back, and this one worked perfectly.These shoes are too narrow and NOT true to width.  I tried them on with thin socks and experienced pressure at the top sides of my feet.  I have owned Columbia's older version of this boot of the same size and I didn't have any issues.  I wish shoe companies would stay with the same manufacturer, instead of always seeking to make a buck.  If this shoe was made by the same manufacturer as the older version, I wouldn't have to waste my time to return the boots, and the company would have saved on return shipping.  Greed only has one outcome - Negative.X-Large it fit like a large.they are tight and cuts the circulation offThe material is cheap and looks like it will wash right out. It also looks close to micro fiber. I doubt this dress will last beyond three washes, both in colour and texture/aesthetics. It is also not as long as pictured; size 8 fits me just above the knees and i'm 5'8.Very cheaply made. Fits tight around ankles but loose actual sock. More for decoration. Lace around ankles very unnecessary, after 1st wash lace became fuzzy. Make sure to wash on delicate inside a pillow case!This was way to huge on my baby's head and looked ridiculous. I have not been able to use them and wish I could return them. They are pretty but look better on my preschooler than they do on my baby.It definitely shrunk a bit. It was an XL and now its like a tweener between M and L. All in all it gets the job done for meMy Daughter loves the show and now loves the T-ShirtThe shoes say leather upper but they sure don't feel like leather they are very stiff and are not very comfortable. I have already gotten rid of the box otherwise they would be returned.I ordered a Mens medium for a Fathers Day gift and I'm glad I ordered really early because these tshirts run really small for their size. This Mens medium is definitely more like a mens small. Will be returning and ordering the next size larger in hopes that it is more accurate. Quality of the shirt is good.Love itThis costume was exactly as posted online.  My little girl loves it.  Wears it often.  Good quality material.  Thank you very much for helping me make my little girl happy. :DThe pendant is lovely, just as pictured, but there really is no sound unless you hold it to your ear and shake it vigorously.Got these as a secret Santa gift for someone and she loved them! The colors are very vibrant.The material seems kinda thinThe front button broke after less than 30 uses. Its hard to contact the manufacturer because the phone number is international. I liked the look and I bought this bag in three colors.

Update: Actually, the seller was Amazon. I wonder why the first Amazon support agent told me that this bag was sold by an international seller, and gave me an international phone number.Great valueThey were to small in the calfThese stretch out so much in shuch a short period of time.  I will not be buying these again.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I like the height and the ease of cleaning.  But it got way too big for me within weeks.Had to sew it was not sew well and a little cheap.These are not Bella Brand yoga pants. These are another brand and a totally different style. They have a fold over waist with no elastic. 95% cotton and 5% spandex. Very different from description. I am going to just order direct from the Bella website. Buyer beware.I like it and will probably order another in a different color.Material used is not commensurate to the cost  of thi shirt. Shirts I've bought for 15 bucks used the same material. Only difference is the penguin embroidery. No recommendation on this product.sReceived as a gag gift .......... missing diamonds on the bottom.Not as tapered as my son would have liked. Not such a slim fitI kept the bras I ordered, but they are a little bit smaller in the cup than I am used to.  I am guessing Bali discontinued the original  'petal in the cup' (I think style 3235).  I absolutely loved the fit of that bra...please, Bali, bring it back!Thought this was a beautiful watch when I opened the package, still do.  But in less than two weeks the battery has stopped making it not worth the money.Very uncomfortable, and waaaayy too small. I ordered larger then my normal size because of the reviews but still it seems to be made for a child.DO not get the gift wrap very disappointed very cheap. Beautiful ring thoThe shirt was much shorter than pictured.  It was like a crop top.These shoes are so cute but stiff as a board.  I've had them stretched to the tune of $20.00 and the front piece next to the bone just kills and they are so uncomfortable.  I cannot wear them.
I have other aersole shoes but these are going in the trash!!!If you're thinking of ordering these shoes, take seriously the customer reviews and order a size 1.5-2 sizes larger than what you would normally wear. I wear a 6.5 and ordered that size (because I did not order what was recommended) and had to send them back and reordered a 7.5. Still too small and am returning them today. Reordered a size 8.5 and am hoping for the best.  Why do I keep doing this? Because they're cute, they're black faux suede, and they're boots. But order as directed by the customer reviews and save yourself aggravation and a lot of money returning them.  WARNING WARNING!  Soda really needs to address this huge problem (in my opinion).Good leather leather uppers, hardley need a shine. However both heels fell apart after 6 months. I take care of my stuff.  Had them in shoe repair and rebuild. $200 pair of shoes should last longer.  Would not recommend this product.This bag is too big for what I was needing. I did not like, and the pink color is not like the one shown in the picture, it looks ordinary and grotesque.It's very small, no tickets on it, it's not original! Sucks! I won't be dealing with hugo boss againI wear a 9.5, ordered a 10, and the size is more like an 11.  The purple color is also more of a magenta pink than purple.I finally received my bikini it took forever, but that is okay. The quality is no less then walmart bikinis and it is fully lined but not padded. And with my "make do" mind I can probably add my own padding in the lining. Others have said that these type of bathing suits are so cheaply made when they are not that bad! After ordering my bikini the company changed the photo! The first picture was (found out after ordering) taken from Chynna Dolls website so if you want that bathing suit don't even fool with amazon because this is a cheap knock off. I wear a 3-5 in pants and I had to tie the sides all the way for it to fit but I made it work. The top is large (I am an A to small B) but I scrunched the fabric together and again made it work. The leopard design looks a lot cheaper than the picture and what they are trying to advertise for. Most importantly before buying this bikini go on to ebay and type in the search bar "lace bikini" and you will see the images of the Chynna Doll girl, click on it and look at all the pictures, the images are of the ACTUAL bikinis that you will get. Ebay is a lot stricter and with to many bad reviews they will remove sellers so the sellers are a lot more careful than amazon sellers. And to be quite honest ebay has a lot of the same sellers as amazon but their products are CHEAPER and they actually have the real pictures of the swim suit so when you receive it it will not be a shock. No this bikini is not perfect but it will work and I will use it to tan or something. Do yourself a favor and look on ebay before buying on here, it is cheaper and you can see the real pictures of the bathing suit. I am not saying do not buy the bikini but decide when you see the real images of the bikini and when they are not advertising a different bikini on a woman with amazing breast implants because that is quite deceiving. :) Not worth my time to return Good Luck.Not super supportive but otherwise a great bra to have for those low cut dresses and tops.In hoping the smell (chemically) Odor disapAtes Filled with sand when I took them on vacation not what I thought Super cute but it said that it was gray when I searched for gray hats. Its very blue which is awesome because it makes my eyes pop. However, I was looking for a gray cap to go with everything.These appear to be much sturdier than they are.  Clasp is flimsy.This dresses is delivered as mentioned in image. Material is goodLevis are like snowflakes apparently. No two are exactly the same.I first purchased these in leopard print, selecting one size up as recommended by other reviewers.

First, the good:  This is a very comfortable shoe.  They are stable, have good arch support and a roomy toe box -- I have walked in them for hours without trouble.

The neutral(?): Expect a few tiny glue leaks or smears around the seams.  In spite of this I would not say the shoes look cheap, the finishing on them is about par for a 30-40 dollar shoe.

The bad: The leopard print is NOTHING like the pictures suggest.  In the photos this color appears to be a warm gold in glossy faux fur or velvet - what I received was a very dull, desaturated brown shoe in a glossless, fuzzy fabric that resembles bad ultrasuede.

All in all this is a good shoe for a very reasonable price, and an excellent candidate for bedazzling.  I liked them enough to reorder in silver PU (no complaints) and will likely go in for a pair in one of the patent colors.

Four stars minus one for disingenuous photos.

Remember to order a size up!Wife was very happy with her anniversary gift. While most women already know about "Coach," most of us men don't. This purse is constructed of high quality materials and is definitely made to last. My wife likes it because it's not "overdone" and she can wear it on her shoulder and it's not too high or too low.So I got a light peach colored pair when I could have sworn I ordered hot pink. They're still nice though. Very snug and the waist is a bit on the tight side. If you have a little tummy you might want to order up a size.fitted some what small but it could be cause i pregant, But overall love the shoe's, came right on time and ppl always ask me where did i get them fromKiddo is getting more style conscious and he loves the more tapered leg of this track pant. Will buy again.Its not a jacket lka on the photo its gray and Black and Thats not what   orderd so am not happy with itI ordered a size 5T and it's huge! It almost fits me and I'm an adult. Size is not at all accurate.I found these pants to be almost a full size too small.  I have purchased this pant prior and am shocked in the variation in size with these and my previous purchase.  When placed up against each other the pairs from this purchase are visibly smaller than the pair from a year ago.

Not happy...This jacket was stiff and small, not the usual quality I'd expect from Columbia...fits weird and it looks very cheap.It beautiful alright!  I wore it 3 times and the clasp hook came off!  Another Amazon silver jewelry let down!Exact color, turquoise, 60% Pashmina and other fiber and 40% Silk. The longer length is 80 inches long and 36 inches wide and each shawl is finished with 2 or 2.5 inches long tassels. on time.  LOVE IT !Not really likeddoes not fitI am giving this item only 3 stars because it sometimes comes undone and falls off.  I don't know why this happens as I am not overweight.Wider than most small hoop earrings. Low quality materials, snap doesn't work on either earring. Blue is darker and has more purple than picture suggests

Also, this came with a silver chain for no apparent reasonNice...very niceperfect !! all that I've hoped for :)They are very stiff and a bit snug.  Are you sure they are 10.5?very nice and sturdyBroke very easily. Cute,  but the platic material used is too cheapThe ring is very pretty..  The stone is a good size and quite colorful.  The 2 diamonds are very, very small and don't show except under close scrutiny; I would have happily paid more for better diamonds.  The overall ring is small, and most appropriate for a child.I'm an enthusiastic owner of the Vibram Classic, but they're too warm to wear in the summer.  I was glad when I found this mesh FiveFinger shoe, but now I know why this shoe is so much less expensive than the classic.  It's sole is a lot thinner, and it simply seems flimsier than the Classic.  It will work for around the house and yard, but that's probably all.  Also, I almost always wear a size 8, and the size chart said to get a European size 40.  Nope.  The size 40 is too long (toes are too long, and there's space behind my heel).This was a very good quality product, but the inserts are heavy so be advised you need an underwire type bra to hold them up.Nice looking set of sunglasses but they're really way too dark. It needs to be really bright outside for these sunglasses to function. Also doesn't come with any sort of protective case or bag. The build quality is pretty solid.It runs small so buy a larger size.ExcellentC H E A P. Flat pearls, like they were sawed in half and then polished. They don't even look like pearls.The letters aren't what i expected. They look like they will peel off the first time I wash it. The shirt fits VERY small. I normally wear a medium.  I ordered a double xl.... its tight on me!I thought I would love this little moc. Just a bit disappointed. They did not fit as expected. Great looking.My daughter LOVES this shirt but unfortunately does not have a plus size option, nor any other colors available over little girl sizes. Great shirt, wish there were more selection.Pretty but feel too much like socks.This would have five stars if it was a little bit looser and a tad bit longer..also, if the spikes didn't come off when you open the package. Its not the best material but it is ok.Canvas material was rough and uncomfortable.Made well, fast delivery.Fit was small and not a ton of elastic to stretch.My daughters favorite dress. Fits exactly according to their size chart, and my daughter is tall and plus-size. These dresses are so feminine, so modest and so sexy. All my daughters are wearing them and getting many questions and compliments from men and women.....and some double takes when walking down the street. Great price.The cloth lining inside the heel is tearing apart after only about 6 months of moderate use (approx. 10 miles/week).  I'm very disappointed. I have used Asics GT-2000 for years. It's a great shoe for support. But, after this experience I'll be looking elsewhere for my next pair of running shoes.After just 5 days of wearing these to kickboxing class, the rubber is coming off the sole.These suck the red dye gets all over your skin.Wanted the outfit for a photo shoot. However, a wrong outfit was sent in error. Received the correct outfit the next day, Beautiful outfit. Very pleased with the purchase.I know I gave it one star, but that is not that I don't like the quality of the product; just that the chart says they should be good for someone under 5'7" and 128 lbs.
I got the D and they are PERFECT!! Will order more in the futureyou can't beat Danskin for quality!!Broke easily .Looked great great fit .. Longer than expected but really great buy.. Husband likes them. :)Seems like decent quality but very small so I will be returning/exchangingMy mistake they were not same style I was expecting, maybe that is why they are too tight, style I got at wally fit perfectBought it as a work watch.  Chose this one for the day/date feature and the functional bezel.  Structurally it was OK  although the bezel became difficult to turn over time.  It would keep good time for months and then suddenly loose or gain 30+- min. Trash it after 1 year.VERY cheap qualitynot enough coverage may as well wear nothingFirst impressions count, right? This dress was delivered to me in a previously open plastic bag and all bunched up.  After getting it out of the bag and trying to figure out how it was supossed to be worn (10 mins or so), I  got it on.  By then I was not happy. This is a true wrap around dress, so it takes a few minutes to put in on and make sure that the inside button is property closed. You may need to use a safety pin or two to make sure things stay as you want them to stay. You may also need to wear a camisole to limit chest exposure. I got lazy and didn't return it. I don't have much time in the mornings to mess with attires that need extra attention and this one will set me back at least 5 minutes. I don't see it wearing it much.It does not provide too much support. My bra size is 36C and I ordered medium, but it does not provide support for high impact workoutI had previously left a positive comment about my order. However, two thongs have ripped since I left the positive review  These are very thin and run small.I can get a hat dirty, it's pretty easy to do. But if you want to buy a dirty hat, this is the one for you.

I think all make all my reviews rhyme from now on.Nice shoe, just didn't fit my son.  Sent back.Waist band stretches slightly for comfort while working. Fits great.Look excellentI ended up giving these away, they were too large. I am normally a womens  pants size 9 and I ordered a medium. These fell off of my hips like crazy. Good quality and nice fabric thoughI love Marc Jacobs and I have a handbag in this color that I just bought from another retailer. Sadly, the leather on this wallet is not as smooshy soft as the leather I'm used to for his products. I'm super bummed. Also, please note that the dimensions in this wallet are smaller than the listed dimensions. That was a plus for me, but wanted to mention in case that was a problem for someone else. Three starts for the color and design (quality zipper), but for the price you can probably do better.Overall the quality is good, length is good but fit around body is tight.The fit was as expected. The clothing was very comfortable and looked good. I would buy another one if I had need for it.Fits good!Great shirt.No strap included.WTF!!!Serious fade after washing clothes,Serious fade after washing clothes,Serious fade after washing clothesWell made shirtI was pretty excited about this product until i received it. Well to be honest its ill fitting and has no structure and kinda just sags on your head. Secondly not only does it have a velcro patch on the front which was a great idea for interchangable patches, but it also has a velcro patch on the very top of the cap, and a skinny long patch on the back. So you have to wear a hat with three patches and one of those patches is directly on top of your head. Not very wearable.Cute, but the pink on the shirt is a lot different in person. It's more bubblegum and less hot pink :(Nice looking shirt, thick not thin. It washes well and is of very good quality for the price. However, the top button broke as I was buttoning up my sons shirt, for the FIRST time. It's an easy fix but we were already running late for church so I didn't have time to sew it back on. Luckily, he was wearing a bow tie and it held it together.

I deducted two stars because of that.I purchased this belt for my husband and he just loves it.  Thanks so much for carrying this product.It is way too big for 2/3TI liked these, they worked ok for the short time I had them. unfortunately I lost them about a week after buying them. :-(I bought this recently and the leather already broke! I does look good at first but it dies not last.somewhat fitted. go up a sizeToe is pointed which does not show in photo. Don't like the style.The website says it comes in a black velvet box, which it does. What it doesn't say is that in that box is a drawstring bag that is holding a tangled mess of a necklace. I ordered two different necklaces from this company, and they were both sloppily packaged.
The color in the pictures don't match the color of the pendent and chain. The pictures seem to show a more rosy color, but the actual product is shiny silver colored. I know that's the description in the text, but I was hoping to get a product that looked like the picture. Having said that, the necklace is a solid piece of fashion jewelry. The length of the chain is as described.
I received this in exchange for my honest review.A little big but they are too cute to return!Although the t-shirt fabric is soft, it is very flimsy, doesn't hold it's shape well - the t-shirt is stretched out in a way none of our clothes have just from my little boy putting it on and taking it off.  Additionally, the coloring on the shorts is odd - not only does it fade very quickly (i.e. after 2 washes), but when stretched even a bit you can see the color seems painted on, since you can see the white fabric beneath it.  Not the quality I expected, very disappointed.  I bought 3 sets of these PJs in different patterns- not happy!The hair is pretty but really hard to style without showing the base, also once its tangled its hard to brush outI am a true size 9 and these fit fine, with a little extra room. The colors are very pretty, mintish-aquaish-bright light neon yellow. I returned them because I did not like the way they looked on my feet, a bit bulky. I do not think they are worth $58.58 that I paid for them more like $35. I added $56 and brought a pair of asics gel.They say Dockers on them but they must be extra large for midgets. A total waste of money. Don't order these if you got size 42 and above before...they suck! As of yet I haven't gotten any response from Dockers. Their company is slowly sinking in the sunset...and that's tot bad.A lot nicer than I thought especially with the diamond look around the watch stylish very casual and unique ! Love the Nixon productsJust too small. Should have bought next size up.After two uses the dots started do show some wear (fuss)I bought the bracelet and the matching earrings and necklace.  The "stones" are nicely faceted, quite pretty from a distance.  The color is a pure light green- very attractive.  However, the "stones" are made of plastic (resin).  If you are going for an art deco look, you won't care, but if you are going for an antique look, you will be disappointed.  I've worn the set several times and have not had any trouble with items falling apart, but I am disappointed that the items are made of plastic, and look like kid jewelry when viewed up close.  That fact was stated in the product specifications, so buyer beware.  I'm disappointed in 1928 Jewelry for this one.  If the set had been made in glass, it would be gorgeous.The 6 month is too short on my baby and her butt crack hangs out. The next size up is too big around the waist. I haven't tried out either yet to rate its ability to hold in solids.I have requested to mail a return label to my address, I do not have access to a printer.  The purse is lovely but too large.  Please mail the return label to me.  thank you.very large.  works well to replace cheap bag that our ez up tent came in.Having gone to a jewelry store to get a watch and that failed after six months only to find they didn't have anything worth the $20 they asked for, I decided to go to Amazon. For less than half what the jewelry store wanted I got TWO (2) watch bands that are good looking and the metal loops  secure the excess strap close to the wrist.Colour tone is not as shown, material is way too thin.. I don't usually return items, but I returned it.Too small to tie in the back and hard to fasten in the front. I have not been able to wear itBought because my daughter has a very thick mane of curly hair and can't find a hat that doesn't creep towards the sky when she wears it. This did that :(awfulComfortable and well cushioned. These socks have almost a low-pile shag carpet kind of look to the soles. This is what creates the comfort and cushion. They fit nicely around my calves where many socks that I've purchased over the years dig in and leave a deep imprint. This is why I got them originally. Unfortunately, they shed a little and I often have to pick the shed material left behind on the carpet in my closet at night when I take them off. So I'm giving these a middle-of-the-road rating for that reason. Would I buy them again? Because of the shedding, probably not. Instead, I'll continue my search for comfortable, long-lasting quality socks.2XL shirt - normally wear XL, but is still too small! I couldn't find a legitimate size chart before purchasing, so went big to be safe, but it is still too small and is cost prohibitive to ship back to seller.These are the perfect shorts for you if you're a juggalo or you live in 1999. Unlike the apparent fit on the gentleman in the photograph, they're very baggy, and hang well past the knees. The pockets are also extremely deep, I guess so that you can stuff all of your Faygo and Beanie Babies in them. Don't try and pull your wallet out without turning the pockets inside out, though. Needless to say, this is not the sort of "modern fit" I was expecting. Other than that, they're great shorts. I'm going to try and have my girlfriend either hem them or build a time machine to travel to a time when these wouldn't look like clown shorts.They have all the quality I would expect from Levi's.Second time it's rained and I have used it. Pressed red button, and little pieces of black plastic came out of the button, and the button is now inside.  I could manually open it to get out of the rain, but it will not close. It is held shut only by the Velcro strap.  Disappointed , I thought it was a really cool umbrella.Super comfy but zero support. I wasn't expecting much support - just enough that I could run short errands in comfort or not feel braless when an unexpected visitor stops by. Its not sufficient for either.A gift for my husband who is an avid gamer. He is in love with this shirt. They run slightly small, so I ordered a size up and it seems perfect.I love this shirt! Such a cute design for a protective big brother. I ordered up a size, and good thing I did, because it shrank down so much that it barely fits him now and I wanted it to fit him later. That's pretty disappointing. I recommend buying this shirt a lot larger than you need. I understand cotton shirts can shrink, but this was an excessive shrink considering I don't have this same problem with other clothing we purchase (no, my dryer wasn't on too hot!).Belt is exactly what I was looking for.Good spring jacket, wrinkles easily, though.Toe box is shallowSize runs small...If you're about 5'0 get a small because I thought being a little chubby I would need a medium! Either way it's cute but I look stubby cxI have bought this jacket in black and apricot and they are to cute for the price. The downfall is they are very thing but what do expect for under $20 and also they should ship in different packaging. It comes in a bag practically balled up so once you remove the coat its do wrinkled up. It took me to light ironing's to finally remove all the wrinkles.Not what I expected to receive shipping took forever and I wouldn't even wear these to clean my house lol! I have a great shape and body, but these pants are so see threw and unflattering they look nothing like the picture.Great cap.Very cute and on trend! I actually bought these for a 90s themed pub crawl, but will be wearing these again and again! The platform is a decent enough height where you can wear these shoes for an extended period of time, without worrying about your dogs barking at the end of the night.

Because the platform is a hard foam material, remember to break them in first :)christmas gift--  hope the person will love itnot quite as I expected but still a nice ring...gave as a gift.My nephew loves this. It is a tad bit tight, so I'll have to get him a large one before long. Well made.Unfortunately this watch says that it is a Velcro closure and it is not.  Since there are no instructions, it looks like you adjust the strap and then the child slips it on over his wrist.  I am not going to go to the trouble of returning it because of the price point.  I was disappointed when I received the watch.cute shoe!I bought these to replace a style that i had gotten for 5 or so years and didn't like them as much out of the box so returned.Nice looking but I had to glue it together a few timesthe shirts were what we expected,but the size was small compared to other wrangler shirts that we've purchased.My son loves them! Fast delivery also!I saw this on another page, ordered it to have a back up wedding ring look alike to wear swimming or when traveling. I never thought for the price it would be so gorgeous. I loved this from the moment I got it and want to wear this more than my real ring. So gorgeous! I love the details, especially the hearts on the sides. I showed everyone in my family and now they are asking where they can buy one at such a great price. I will be buying more from this seller!Nice  necklace  fast shipping  would buy  againGreat quality for the price. #Win Great Brand.Had to order second pair, do to my five year old getting her first pair stolin while we were at a water park. Guess someone else needed them more then us.This product held me in very well but after about 3 hours of wear it becomes painful and very uncomfortableThe size was way smaller than I thought it would be. The size said men's large but it fit me, and I'm a size small woman.I purchased these shirts for my son and they are too big!! I went to return this item and this item says that it isn't eligible for returns!! Won't be purchasing again if I can't return if there's an issue!I thought the skirt shape and style was cute, but the bunching of the material across the middle was kind of odd, maybe too much material there?  I really wanted to like it, but I couldn't get past the extra rolls of material in the middle.  It looks good in the picture, with a little of that, but the one I received had a lot more of it going on.  It wasn't that it was pushing out, just like there was too much material.Thought it would be plastic. Instead it's rubber. Still a cool mask but I feel slightly deceivedThese have a great design, fit very well, and stay up on their own, particularly when compared with the AA Thigh High Socks that are a plain cotton blend.  Great length, warm, comfortable.liked the pendant but the chain clasp broke first time it was wornordered wrong size, all went go with returnFoot part fits fine.  Calf is too tight.They fell apart like most Nike sneakers these days. Always in the front and they always come unglued. You are lucky if your Nike shoes last more than six months! None of my kids' Nikes last more than a few months before the glue falls apart and th rubber peels away.Weren't any compartments on the inside to help organize my stuff. Most baggalini stuff has lots of organization potential! So I returned this.It is a little bit on the large side, but is roomy in the toe area, which is good.  Very cute shoe, but am concerned that the inside is very hard and will be uncomfortable against bare skin if I wear them for several hours.  I would not pay full price, but worth it as a sale item.I want to thank everyone who recomended this gorgeous dress and ofcourse the ones that make them!! I trusted the pictures and comments and I'm more than happy with my decition! I will post pictures after my Wedding!! Is more beautiful in person I might say and the delivery was like in 6 days... And I live in Guatemala!! So that is very fast!!Dress is pretty just didn't look good on me.We didn't realize it would be so big. We call it nerd bling.Very nice jacket. Would give 5 stars but I'm having an issue with the collar. The collar will not lay flat on one side .  The fit is perfect. I'm 5'11" and the sleeves are long,FAST AND LOOKS GOODgift well recievedGood but very longThey fit me well. Slipper socks are often too big for me. I'm pleased, but they'd probably be too small for most.Fit well, bought 3 different colors and only the black has zipper issues, not just unzipping but unzipping from the bottom. Had to return but all my experience is good outside of thatOk producthowever, they did not last for some time. The  shoes all run out of . I have to order another pair of soon for my son.These work for the purpose that they serve IF you have the patience to use them.
PROS:
They work through the dryer, they stay connected in the drawer, so for all intents and purposes, they work well.

CONS:  My family just didn't take the two seconds of time to connect their socks which made it a giant waste of money, at least for my family.Unhappy with my purchase. The pants were too stretched out and felt saggy in my butt. Also they were short and shrunk when washed.. They are 3 inches above my ankle and I'm only 5'7". Unfortunately they didn't shrink in the waist or butt. The fleece makes them warm. The company offered my money back, but I'll just give them to one of my friends.It's a cheap piece of plastic s*** hatMy husband loves this case!  It makes his watches look really expensive, LOL!  And, it's a nice way to organize his watches.  I even threw one of my watches in there.  Very nice.Awful. Dont waste your moneyBought this as a gift for a friend going for surgery he loves it.Great flip flops for a great summer vacation or just normal day to day travels to and from the storeVery cute t-shirtFits well but a bit long, needed to be hemmedI purchased what was supposed to be a brand new watch. When the watch arrived, the cardboard case that it came in was heavily damaged on the inside, and the watch battery was dead. The watch itself is a beautiful piece, but I won't be able to use it until I've had the battery replaced, and the case is pretty much useless at this point.This is a nice piece, but I wear a large, and the arms were way too tight.  And the sleeves are very long.  I could have reordered a XL.  but the sleeves would have been ridiculously long.  Can't recommend for anyone that isn't a skinny, skinny.No recommended at all.Had to send the first one back as it would not keep time but, Amazon's return system was a breeze.  Momma loves her replacement.For an extra small this is huge on my 5'4" 120lbs frame. Fits nothing like all my other extra smalls.Not good.  Thin, but all my credit cards fall out. Completely useless.These were a life-saver in Yellowstone after the snow in early October. We spend all day for a week outside -- these kept my hands warmer and dryer than they would have been w/out them. You'd need to use them as a liner if you wanted warmth. BUT -- flexible, kept them dry for sure, and blocked the wind.very very very awkward fit.shoes to big to wearBought these for my mom. They fit her nicelyThe boots were too small for my calvesI love this dress and the material needs no ironing. Awaiting more patterns that I adore and I'll surely purchase them!I purchased these because I have found the quality of Foster Grant sunglasses to be a pretty good and the price was very marked down from the usual $20 price to get these in the drugstore.  However, the quality of these glasses is nothing like the Foster Grant sunglasses I have purchased in the past.  The design on these sunglasses is appealing but the quality of the hinges is subpar.  These were purchased for someone with a small head and even though they fit, they were a bit tight and when they open it's like cracking open a crusty loaf of the bread for the first time every single time.

Still, these may be great sunglasses for people with very small heads who have a hard time finding sunglasses that are small and tight enough to stay on their face.Perfect!Bought this as a gift for my sister in April. By May 15th it was already broken.  $30 for an umbrella that lasted about 30 days.  And now it says i can't return it.Nice colors. I ordered XL and pre nursing I was a 36D. I think I should have ordered a large. Fabric is a bit stiff for me, not cozy soft.  I like the no underwire and it's comfy. I think I just got the wrong size. I am petite in my shoulders so I have the strap waaaay cranked up. The nursing clasp doesn't click like some others. For the price it was a good deal and they have worked for my first 3 weeks. Will be looking to purchase others.Look greatYou get what you pay for with $10 sunglasses. They broke above the glasses on the left side and the right ear piece broke after about two weeks of use. I suppose if you're not constantly taking them off and putting them on they would be fine. I liked the style, they just weren't durable enough for me.The product was too big and kept falling off the material got pulls in it very easy. Would not buy or recommendTo smallThe shoe is very stiff and is somewhat smaller than a regular 7D. This shoe should be tried on before buying.  I had to unlace the shoe on the right foot just so that I could get some pressure off of the top of my foot. The left shoe fit perfectly.very good quality but runs small, so be careful, make sure you buy one size up, i am 34 size but this is tight for me and have to give awayThis product doesn't fit together like the picture. This was the only reason I purchased this for my daughter and her BF's for Christmas. There are a lot more products to choose from if you want pieces to actually fit together. The chains are also very weak.
It did ship in the projected time though.First off I need to say that this is a very pretty ring and it has a great weight and wears very well. The reason I gave it 3 stars is because after wearing it for a month or so, the plating I guess is pealing or wearing off the band and it looks like a copper color underneath. I didn't read the description well enough and I though it was all .925 silver. I am so sad because it had become one of my favorite everyday rings.Look out with these boots! If they're your style then make sure you size up at least 1/2 size. The material is cheap but if you're a frequent buyer of Breckelles you already know this. They're the kind of boot you wear for a season and then chuck. Also, the toe box of these cuties is so so very tight. If you have narrow feet, and I mean narrow, got for it.I bought the exact same pair/same size two or three years back.  They were way smaller than the original pair- very disappointed.Beautiful looking, but the horn end is just too thick to be practical. I actually bought two, one for my house and one for my car for when I change shoes for some outdoor activity.  I have tried to use these for over six months now, and every time, every pair of shoes, it is just too thick for my foot and this horn to fit into the back of the shoe and allow my foot to slip into the shoe.
Not practical.  Mine did not, however, split or break.  Maybe because when I realized there was just no way to get both my foot and the horn inside the heel of the shoe, I stopped before I reached a breaking point.I could have went down a 1/2 size but I have a narrow foot! The shaft is wide so ladies with a wider calf this is the boot for you. Super comfortable too. Didn't have to break in.This shirt is perfect for work or even to wear out! I bought this shirt because I'm going through all of my nice polo's at work like nobodies business. Plus I'd like to save those for going out. Anyhow, this shirt fits the bill perfectly. I bought the black and it's a nice super dark black. I washed it right when I got it and it's still stiff (everyone knows that with Dickies you have to wash them a few times for them to soften up) I will definitely be getting a few more of these for work! The fit is a little generous. It's definitely the biggest medium shirt I've worn to date but I like the extra room especially at work. What else could I say but, it's Dickies. The quality is in the name. I mean how could you go wrong except maybe on the sizing!Band color is clearly stated it is grey!! Sev. Comments r on how it is not black when recd!! Lol and these watches don't make noise ever as well?Worst pair of boots I've ever bought. Rough on your ankles. I had them for over 2 months hopping that eventually I would break them in but never happened.I have 3 sets bought in 2 separate occasions and I love them.
This particular orange one is a tie between love and hate:I love it because is very practical, sturdy overall and good looking and I hate  it  because  the biggest piece of luggage arrived heavily damaged.
I did not  even bother to report it as the shipping fee to send the set back was too high and not worth the trouble.
I am still amazed about how bad the damage is and how someone decided to ship it out like that, with a big hole( a fist size one...) on the outside of the luggage....When my baby wear it for the first day in that 2 dress has been tearExcellentThey broke while putting them on for the very first time.My last pair of Sanuk beer can flip flops seemed to be about a half size larger and fit better. This will not stop me from buying them again, I will just order a larger sizeGreatLove these sandals! Only complaint is the pink color has worn off the straps on the edges, but they have been worn a lot.I had to change my five star review to a one star on March 31, 2011, three months after the purchase in December, 2010.

I bought the Ryka Women's Reform Athletic Toning Shoe shoes for my wife and she has been wearing them off and on for around three months now.

After some walking in them she has complained that her back aches. The design of shoes seems to work against the natural curve and arch of her feet and ends up causing stress after walking and wearing them for a while. So, in her case, toning no, pain yes.

She did like the size and color of the shoe, and the pair did fit well. But after more than a couple of weeks wearing them, neither she, nor I, could see that they had toned anything, But, they did cause her pain. She tried wearing the pair a few more times, but now they just lay in the corner of the closet, unused. I wouldn't buy her another pair because there isn't any benefit.THIS DRESS RUN SMALL I GOT A SIZE LARGER THEN MY OWN AND IT'S A LITTLE TIGHT.I WISH THAT IT WAS THE SAME FABRIC OF THE FLARE FLORAL DRESS THANK YOU.Love the dress, the color, the nice fabric, and strong zipper in the back. No slip needed fabric is thick enough. Adorable dress.Call me Dancing Feet!!!!!just okay, not a good buyI have a very difficult time finding shoes that are comfortable for me to wear.  These have a great design and are quite cute, but I just couldn't wear them for very long.  It's more to do with my feet and less to do withe the design of the shoe.Like the color and the silk. Seems like a good shirt, but it was too small.Waste is a bit tight.I really like how all the straps are Velcro adjustable, and the sole is quite thick and padded and supportive. I have lots of problems with my feet so I am hoping these shoes will help.What a steal!!!!!!!Altered it to fit me.  More of a man's large than for a woman.  But washes and hangs dry without ironing.The zipper where cash goes has already broken , other than that I like it.Very poorly made top.  Hard to make it look decent when trying to wear it. Dont recommend!!A bit smaller than what I thoughtThese are nice, except they run about a size small.  I ordered a 1.5.  My son wears a 1.  These are very tight on him.  It's too late to return them since he's already worn them outside.  Hopefully they will stretch 8-)the sequins where a little to much flash I was hoping they were a little smaller sequins nit so bigThey are probably a half side bigger than a normal 10. They aren't as waterproof as I had hoped, and when I walk the part where the shoe bends in, by the toes, digs into my foot because of the design on the side to hold the bungi laces. I'm a mail carrier, so it's quite bothersome, because it rubs quite a bit. Also they could be a bit more comfortable as far as the insole, not very cushiony.I love the way this top fits. It's lightweight and paired with a jacket could be worn all year long. The only problem I have with it is the front hem. With a pattern like Herringbone you need to make sure your fabric is cut and sown pretty well or it looks like a child did it. This top has a serious diviation in the hem and it had to be front and center to make it just that much more noticable. The blouse is actually 1.2" longer on the left than the right. I think there is a quality issue. I will return this and see if another one is made better. Moral of the story, check the material and hems for pattern correctness. I don't mind that the pattern is off but I do mind that it looks as badly as it does.Very soft Tee. Luv the Blue.wore these once and already have holes in the crotch. I am not a fat person either. not well made.Comfortable, but poor quality. One order came with the bra strap ripped from the bra, a replacement order bra pads disintegrated in the cold wash cycle, a third replacement's stitching has been increasingly unraveling since I received it. Very courteous seller.It is beautiful. However she has worn it for less than an hour and one of the buttons have fallen off :(It came out of the bag and it was missing one strap. Seriously?I like the brand and the BraTHESE FLIP FLOPS ARE FOR HUGE FAT FEET I ORDERT SIZE 8..WAY TOO BIG CAN'T EVEN WALK IN THESE THINGSToo short for tall women. Doesn't fit like image.I bought the XS and it is considerably larger than the XS I purchased in a different style from the same company. I tried shrinking it in the dryer, and that somewhat helped, but I definitely would have gone smaller if I had known the size discrepancy. I am never an XXS. I normally am an XS in scrubs and a S in normal clothes. I am 5'3'' 34D and around 128lbs if that helps. It is ok for the price, but I probably would just spend the extra bucks on Med Couture. Was disappointed, because I really liked the color.I have never written a review before, but felt this was necessary. I own and have worn the Nano 4.0's for the past year.  I have always loved my Nano 4.0's.  I recently purchased the Nano 5.0's and have developed really bad ankle problems since wearing these shoes for the past 5 weeks.  I crossfit 5-6 days a week and have never had these problems before switching shoes.  Switched back to my Nano 4.0's and feel much better.My fault, overcompensated for earlier reviews indicating they run small.  I wear a 7-1/2 in Aisics shoe but ordered 8 in this one.  The Keen width great in toe box but too large for my heel resulting in a lot of movement.  These shoes appear great for serious hiking.  I'll need something for lighter, adventure hiking.  But isn't all hiking an adventure?It's not the softest cotton, but it's doable & it looks very cool!its cheap not even the right size i wasted my $ its thin very see through save your money don't waste itThe construction of this shoe is crap.  i own other Ecco shoes are these are so inferior, the lining, leather, padding and sole are not what I expect from a quality shoe.The jacket is beautiful and I hope to use Amy Byer again in the future.Gerber clothes in general have always consistently run an entire clothing size smaller on my son than his actual age at the time (meaning that when he was 12 months old, the 12 month sized Gerber clothes were way too small). My son is in the 50th percentile for weight and height. Once I figured this out, I ordered a size up and found these onesies to be a great inexpensive undershirt type of clothing piece. They're a little thin, so that's all we used them for. Or pajamas.Too bigDress was stretchy & comfy fabric but I purchased the wrong size,I thought it would fit just right but instead a XXL is right for a 18-20 and a size 14-16 I think XL is flattering which is my size. Yes, the price is perfect! The pattern is colorful. I ordered more.Nice shoes but they were huge. Should have tried a size smaller.I read the posted reviews that said the shoe ran small, so I ordered a half-size up.  They were too large, so I ordered a second pair in my regular size and they fit well.  I like the detail.My fianc&eacute; ordered the watch for me as a wedding gift however it is to big. If I take two links out it is to small and If I take one out it is to big.  I like the face on the watch but I do need to return it, waiting to hear back from the person who shipped it.It's really beautiful and it's perfect!Way to small for my ears.No problems at all with the fit. Received lots of compliments, actually -- the over-the-knee look was fantastic. HOWEVER, these are very cheaply made and after two months it started falling apart. First the buckles, then the zipper. Bye bye boots.Delivery not so good. Too much timeAdvertised as a short-sleeve sweat shirt but more like a tee-shirt. Not recommended.Really cute.  I just wish there weren't so large.  But I do love polka dots.  My adviice to the the seller is to put the glasses on a model so people can see how large they areVery cute, but fit way too small over the top of the shoe, and in the width. (Size10). Could barely squeeze in, and it's cutting into the top of the foot to the toes and I'm not a fat footed person.
Maybe ok if I had flatter arches. Have to return.I usaully wear a medium but Because customer review said arms were bit ristrictive I ordered a large.(glad I did)..It's a bit large  but still a great fit. Coat was delivered on time and in good comditionMask was beautiful however none of the snaps worked so I had to hot glue the crown on to the face maskNice, really nice....hope it lasts a long time!fit as expected and very good materialGreat style, and comfort factor; however, I haven't even worn these shoes once, and the sole is pulling away from the body of the shoe.  I will be returning them.I get so many compliments on this, every time I wear it.  It washes like a t-shirt, doesn't shrink, and makes me look dressy even though it feels as comfy as a tee.Another perfect purchase!  You just can't go wrong with Carole Hochman's items......they are always quality, and true to size!I really liked this travel pouch when it arrived. The plastic loop that holds the strap on is weak. Within less than a week it broke.Best I have found for large breast, straps are well made to support, the cut is nice and the lace adds that special touch. I have ordered two more.The bracket broke after only wearing it once.The shirt I received was not a 12 husky, but simply a 12.Very simple bathing suit and fits great!For the price, these are not the best set of scrubs but i only have them because it was what my school store had for sale. As with most scrubs, they run a bit big. I'm usually a large and a large makes me feel like swimming in these scrubs.

As for quality, the material constantly makes me feel like I'm rolling around in cheap polyester blend bed sheets. The stitching on these are pretty bad too, i have tufts of thread that stick out from my V neck from a bad repair job at the factory. The scrubs otherwise are good quality, the draw string is very sturdy and the pockets appear well made.

As for functionality, they are not the least functional, but are far from the best. The two front pockets are at the bottom and would be gone if you wanted to tuck it in. There is no coveted front breast pocket for pens and IDs, though. You will also sorely miss the pants pockets from your other pair of scrubs; there is only one on the back left over the butt.Wires are way to thick for my piercing holes, and I got my ears pierced 40 years ago! Had to have a jeweler friend file them down so they'd fit into my ears. But they are beautiful and shiny and are really nice to touch.I love this shirt.  I've had my eye on it for some time.  I finally ordered it.  It is small.  It fits me tighter than anothe of my 1X shirts.  It is cotton... I'm afraid it will shrink and I won't be able to wear it at all.  Maybe I'll use it as incentive to drop a few pounds.  I guess the fit might not bother some people, but I hate my shirts to be clingy.Purchased these in June, 2016 and the toes scuffed in the first week. After about a month, the seam on the inside of the right shoe toe split (not pictured). Now there is super hard, stiff material that rubs against my toes when I wear them. These should last longer than 6 months as a PACU nurse. I already have to buy new shoes, and I'm definitely not going to get Sanita again.My gf's height is 160cm, she said the socks are just above her knees. They slide down the knees after walking. Okay quality socks.way too small and not very cutethe watch is OK, for the higher than ave price for a TIMEX, I thought it would be a little more.  It seems to run well and keep good time.  I wish I could have seen one before I bought.  The watch is pretty thick and the glass is not flush, it feels "unfinished" to me.  I'll keep it as a spare.Lovely productsFirst off I'll say that you should definitely follow their sizing guidelines.. because I didn't and I got it too small! Oops! I was 220 before I delivered and about 200 after giving birth. I thought the up to 190 lb size woukd work but I could barely close it. Had to wait until my weight was down to about 180 until I could wear it. It feels alright when I'm up and around but as soon as I sit down the back support one is way too uncomfortable. The stomach one is ok, so I just wear that one. I don't know it will help much because I've not been wearing it for too long. As others have mentioned it is bulky and you would not be able to wear it under a shirt and have it not be noticeable. Maybe just around the house. We'll see if I notice any difference but I'd say exercise and a healthy diet would probably help you way more than this belt.I adore these shirts! I've purchased 3 and plan to buy more. I am 5'9 and 210 lbs-I purchase the XL. The length is amazing and the shirt is killer for hiding your tummy! If you purchase a size up you can have your bare shoulder out and the shirt hangs nicely this way.Yuck!TOO SMALLNot my favorite scrub top.  The cellphone pocket on the right is not deep enough for a cell phone, and I keep accidentally putting pens and things in there without realizing it.  It is well made, but the sizing runs big, and the pocket problem is enough to make me not buy this style again.So disappointed in this ring. There is no way the stone is real. It looks like plastic.broke within two uses. cute but very cheaply made.Very good T. Until know, the only t-shirts that fit me well were Stafford Heavyweight found at JCPenny. I grew tired of paying outrages prices for these shirts though the quality was nice. These Hanes shirts are just as good and much less. I'll be ordering more as I need them.I love this Sportsband! It tracks my miles! Does just what it said it would. Just plug in to USB on computer to download runs and charge Sportsband. Love it!My feet are normal width.  These shoes are fine everywhere except where it counts.  It feels like walking on tight ice skates.The date rolls over about every 18 hours.  Seems to be poorly made compared to previous Timex watches I've owned.These straps were long & sturdy.  As mentioned in other reviews the clasp on the strap is not great - you can't just pull the strap tight and expect it to stay, you have to use the extra ring which makes tightening & loosening more difficult than it would need to be.  It worked for my application, but I need to buy more & will look for ones that I can just pull tight and stay that way without the extra clasp.IF YOU ARE EXPIERINCING A BUNION YOU KNOW  THAT IT WILL BARK AT YOU ALL DAY LONG IF YOU DONT GIVE IT SPACE.THESE SHOES GIVE IT .THESE ARE SOLID LEATHER UPPERS ,SO YOU MUST ALLOW FOR LITTLE EXPANSION. BUY THEM BIG .YOU WONT BE SORRY.Even though it's 2 bucks, is funny. Yes, hubby is a country boy and first thing he noticed. Arrived as promised.Material was not what I expected!I choose this rating because I thought I was getting the black monoch "leather ones", but when my shoes arrived I was disappointed. I believe this is a error on my behalf. Mainly because I didn't see nor did I care to confirm it, but should I have? Either way I love these shoes and I love these wrong ones and I am not that upset just disappointed. This clearly is a mistake that will not happen twice! And for the record these shoes are eligible for Free Returns, So I am happy with my poor choice.

Overall the shoes seem to checkout. I looked over them and they seem to check out. the badge is there and the name on the heel is spelt correct, so I LIKE!

Believe it or not but this is and will not be my last shoe purchase from Amazon. However, it is my first and I'd recommend buying from amazon to family, friends and shoppers.Dont buy the zippers don't stay up, they are hard to put on and when you try to return they don't refund you the full amount you paid. Totally unacceptable!!Great winter socks for a tween.Poor quality:FabricThis shirt was much smaller than any XL I have ever tried on.  I'm giving four stars though because of the customer service I received.The straps are so thin Im afraid they will fall apart after a few washes. Fabrics is decent quality though so it may hold up. Cute tank, I should have gotten a small, but hoping it will shrink a bit because the length is perfect. Im 57 130lbs, and a medium is slightly too big.fit is small but also very tin martialMy friend bought some similar boots for the 60's party she hosted and paid 60 plus dollars. These cost half of that. They were easy to wear, and are made out of a soft type fake leather that I loved.  The material gave a little so if you are concerned about them fitting your calves don't be. I don't wear normally wear boots like these and I could not believe how comfortable they were the entire evening.  The only reason I did not give them 5 stars is they arrived with a scuff on them and they did get scuffed during the evening but I would still highly recommend them.Well it was my fault for not reading reviews or noticing that no return was available but this is not a "high quality" watch as it says. I guess the mold for the band just doesn't work well. The eyes and noses on the trains were off set and didn't match. (Like 1 black eye dot and 1 gray and a back nose instead of it being gray. Now I have 2 watches that I refuse to give as gifts because they look like I spent 50 cents on them.All Right.This watch is very large you can't tell in the picture, but the face is about 1/2 inch thick! It sticks up on my wrist and it is very heavyMy 17 year old daughter was very happy with the quality of the backpack.  She loves all the extra pockets.for costumes, not for catching sweat...Material is ok but I would think it should be a bit nicer considering the price.  It's also to short for someone 5'9 or taller. I plan on returning.The color was right but the size was too small. Need to order a 1/2 number bigger.Starting falling apart in a few daysShipping took forever and this shirt runs really small.As far as comfort goes, 4 stars. But the quality is not there! After only 3 1/2 months the heel guard started to come unstitched. I contacted Carhartt, they advised me they only guarantee their products to be free of defects for 30 days.The shoe fits nice but have not had long enough to tell if it is worth the price. It is well made and fits good waiting to see how longs it last.Fits very strangely.... Doesn't look like in the picI got this bag because I was looking for something somewhat plain and sturdy. I wanted something that was big enough to carry my portfolio around for work and that had some pockets to store things inside. The purse itself is pretty good, but I haven't even had it for 6 months and the black is already starting to wear off. This purse isn't cheap, so I would have thought it would have better durability. I do like the purse but I will be buying something else soon.Runs smallMy daughter loves it. It goes well with her Pandora braceletBoots are super warm and definitely water proof. The back of the ankle is the killer. There is a seam connecting the rubber part of the boot to the leather part and it just kills my ankle. Had to put some moleskin on the inside of the boot itself so that the seam didn't wear on my ankle so bad.Too largeI recieved this watch just today. I didn't even have it opened for 10 minutes and it broke. One of the strap parts came off. I was able to fix it but not sure if I want to keep it because it might just break again. Very cute and came on time but cheap.Tight and a little small.  Second pair ordered.  I give up.Super cute but for some reason the arms were too small.Didnt get my sizeVery comfortable and light, dries fast..These are fun flip flops. They go with lots of colors and are reasonably comfortable.These boots are great for walking, but awful in the rain. The soles are not rubber, so be careful when it's wet outside or just take these boots to a cobbler to have rubber soles added. The loden suede finish looks great - a little rustic and definitely interesting. Also a good feature for walkers - you can be a little rough with the suede and the little nicks and bumps along the way only add to the look.This top is VERY clingy.  If you have even the slightest bumps or rolls you are not going to hide them in this top.  The length and color are great, though.This is the third pair of Pajar Boots that I've purchased over the last three years.  I was very happy to see them offered at such a great price and snapped them up.  They fit perfectly and, like my other two pairs, look great on.  The thick rubber sole keeps your feet off the ground and the fleece lining keeps your feet and legs very warm.  They also really hold up to rain and snow;  my two older pairs look like I just purchased them -despite the fact that I wore them constantly the last two winters- and I expect this pair will also wear well.  My Pajar boots are so good-looking, that I've been stopped on the street and at the grocery store by other women, wanting to know where I got my boots!  My friends, including the art director for a large chain department store, have ordered a pair (or two) after seeing mine.  They are a wonderful buy at full price, so these are really a bargain.These shoes are even cuter in person! They are actually very comfortable and easy to walk in. They are really good quality and dress up any outfit! Love them!Cool Keychain for my motorcycles. Starts to wear down after about a monthThis cart does fit our cooler, and has wide wheels for easier pushing/pulling. But, four chairs really don't fit well on the chair holder. Plus, with chairs hanging from the front, you have to tip the handle way down to keep the chairs off the ground. So you end up pushing or pulling the cart bent way over. Very uncomfortable. It's just an OK cart. We had hoped for much better, for the money we paid for it.GoodPerfect for any weatherSnug fit for those with big heads. Cool design and nice material, just wish it fit better.Great price, love it !I've loved Simple shoes and clogs for quite some time.  Unfortunately they've become hideously expensive over the years.  Along came the Gold-box deal so I jumped on it. At $25 these are a steal, frankly at $45 they're a good price too.

These are so incredibly comfortable and seem very durable.  They've done an incredible job constructing these with their eco-friendly products and it seems that unlike most slippers these will be with me for years to come.  Somehow they manage to be warm without getting hot and that works for me.  I like the funky look too.

I too would recommend ordering a half size larger than you think if you have high arches. Otherwise it feels like they're going to fall off.Warm fall hoodie...looks good tooThe belly ring arrived really quickly in a nice little gift-wrapped box. I got the purple one, it is super cute BUT I've been wearing it for only a week and the top rose already came off. I'm not out doing anything crazy, this was just from normal walking around. I'm not sure where I lost it or I'd just reattach it with crazy glue or something. I'm considering ordering another one but it seems like a waste of money if it is just going to break again. All in all, it was super cute, arrived on time and intact, but broke shortly after. What can you expect for so cheap?great for a day at the river or the beachits underwear; can't get too excited about this item;.  seems stretched out a bit after a few washings.  Also bought small - too small; bought XL - too big.  So now I'm going to try large.  Gatta be a better waySorry, but unless you weigh less than 100 lbs or wear a size 2, don't buy these.OkI bought this ensemble, mainly for the blazer. The shirt and tie are nice as well. The pants don't look as high quality as the blazer, shirt, and tie. Overall, this is a nice outfit for the price.I'm not very big but I'm not a size 0 or 2 either. I ordered 2 pairs of leggings and the one pair fits just fine, they're just a tiny bit shorter than I would have liked. These however have almost no give in them at all. My little sister is a 1 in juniors pants which is tiny and she could barely get them on. I was taking a risk in getting them since they didn't have any size options. Unfortunately this risk didn't pay off.These shoes just "do the job" nothing outstanding. However, they are quite smelly, like some strong chemical product.
Given the price paid, it was a bargain.I bought these to wear under pants to help re-shape my 40-something year old muffin top and maybe provide a better form without too much compression. I am 5'2" tall about 120 lb with 35 inch hips and 28.5" waist. I thought the mediums were pretty tight. Keeping those because they might be useful for some things. I'm ordering a large too, because I hate being squeezed.Good pants just wish the fabric was in the description. The pants I received are 65% polyester 35% cotton. Not the feel I was looking for but they are good for what they are.I bought this shirt for hiking in the Amazon.  I really couldn't wear it.  It was way to hot and felt very heavy in the high temperatures.  I have however used it in tick season in Canada in the Spring.  It was fine for this as the temperatures are cool.  We placed a tick on the sleeve.  It was not happy and kept lifting its legs.  It finally fell off and died after 8 minutes so it does work.It's smaller than I expected, but keeps excellent time.They look great, however I have a funny tendon on the side of my foot that the side of the shoe digs into. I had to return them.X-Large was more like a mediumThese lenses fall out of frame often. I remedied this by putting b-4000 glue on the frame and glued  the lenses in. Lenses also scratch pretty easily. However for the price, this is a good deal. I'll buy them again.For the size I ordered, I would have expected this to hang on me.  It certainly doesn't.  I almost can't get the darn thing zipped shut.like the size the color and the packaging. i hate the quality lots of imperfections.Love the outside and the 360 spinning but i was expecting something much bigger but it will do just means i have to pack less lolGood job Mizuno, the Waive Ekiden line is perfect for Race Walking, serious shoes for serious athletes.I could tell the moment I put them on that they would be very comfy. I ordered the spectral/gem color and they are very stylish and pretty. Went grocery shopping in them and they are super comfortable.I wear a size 11 w most shoes. This is the second pair of ua shoes i have purchased and hd to send back. W this pair i ordered an 11.5.  Im not sure that i would t need a 12.5 w UA shoes.Very poor quality.  Bells felll off the first hour I wore them.  Very disappointed.I really do love this wallet. The quality is very nice the leather is soft and pliable. The flip out Driver license/I.D. card is nice so I do not have to fumble through the pockets looking for it. It has 6 card slots which aren't really enough for me, I had to double and triple up the cards from my credit card holder which makes the wallet a little fat. I am very pleased that it has an RFID blocking capability it is reassuring although I really have no idea if it is working or not so I will just take their word for it that it does. It at least gives me a safe feeling. It fits comfortably in my pocket even though as I stated earlier that it is a little fat.Fabric is very bad
It ripped at the seat after wearing it once not at the seam ,all shreddedCasual and comfortable.The color does not display as blue in the pictures online. There is a very blue/teal shimmer to them.  Did not go with dress at all.Quality not very good. Expected betterThese pants arrived with rips in the seams on one leg, as well as in the crotch inseam area. Completely unwearable. I would consider sewing the seams back together, but the fabric is so thin that I don't feel it's worth it to go to the trouble to fix them. I will be returning.Nice wallet.Great shorts for Spring or Fall.  Very thick and well made.  #Trump Supporter #Peace&LoveToo bigGood support and wider in the toe box than many shoes.  I have a bunion that bothers me on one foot but find this shoe pretty comfortable.  I've had this shoe in the Rose color and in the lighter beige color.  One of the few shoes that I find feels good quickly and seems to start melding to your foot after just a few wears.These are thes stiffest Reefs Ive ever owned.  Even after wearing a few months, they are still stiffHuh? My weight and measurements are the same as when I bought at least 2 pairs a year for past 5 years (ditto husband). The 2 pairs I received with my last order (summer 2017) are considerably shorter in length, shorter in the rear rise (hello plumber's crack!) and the waist elastic is wimpy.  Are these seconds or have they changed the dimensions? Pretty darned disgusted as I like being able to order an item with the certainty that it is exactly what I want. I'm guessing that this is the same thing that happened to Wigwam socks - quality heading downhill and rolling out of sight (have switched sock brand to Fox River).
__________________
Took a look at other Summer/Fall 2017 reviewers & short rise (especially in the back) seems to be a theme.They are bigger than the normal/regular Toms. I tried the brown ones at the store and they fit perfectly. When I got the black ones I though it should be the same, I threw the box and a couple of days later, when I tried them, surprise! A little but bigger that expected.This is NOT a normal tshirt. Its a VERY thin silky/satiny type of fabric that looks as though it will fall apart upon washing..The swimsuit and cover-up set is ok, but the material seems really cheap.  I don't know if it will hold up.  On sale, it is a good enough deal, but I wouldn't pay full price. My grandaughter likes it.  She is a tall two year old, and the 3T fits fine.These are my husband's favorites.  They are comfortable and yet durable.I didn't read the detail closely enough and need to figure out how to return this item. I thought I was buying a men's bracelet but it was only 6 inches long... barely fit my 12 year old daughter. The quality seemed fine, just not what I was hoping for.In real life they are tiny. Good for  a little girl. Much smaller than you can expectDaughter loved it great dress!came at expected time frame. quality good. fits perfectOrdered X large for my 122 Lb body
Runs child like smallThese jeans have vertical streaks in them, it is a huge waste of money!! They may be counterfit for factory rejects!!!Too small around crotch; and compare to other label jeans such as "Lucky Brand"  big around waist.Extremely narrow.Every size i buy is too large. The first time i got my normal size, women's 8, and it was far too large. I just bought a child's size 6, again too large. I don't understand the issue with the sizing. Super annoyingFits tight around my instepI received the item and is not working or battery is dead, what is happening?, Could anyone give support to me??They are cut smallThe other guy is correct they do run small I was disappointed because I had these in my wishlist forever and then I finally bit the bullet and order them and sure enough there on a whole size small so I really only wore these one timePoor quality. The cover paint faded away after two weeks of use. This bead should be worth $1 for its quality.The proportions of the ring are just right. The design is very attractive.  I thought I ordered a larger size than I received, though. Double check your order before submitting and examine the packing slip when you get it.I'm pretty sure I was sent a knock off version of Mizuno. Not the real brand.  The pair of shoes I was sent is not nearly the same quality or fit as the real Mizuno brand shoes I bought at the running store(my 4 year old Mizunos are STILL  better quality than these ones).  These ones also have no arch support and the ones I bought from the running store have a high arch support that actually fit my high arch.  This was like paying high end prices to recieved a Walmart quality shoe. Very disappointed and will only buy Mizunos from the running store from now on.Only for infants. Don't even consider this product for a months baby.Definitely use the sizing chart, I ordered half size smaller than I normally do, and it was still a half size too big.Good ring bags, just not "awesome".  Very stiff, but they do give a good impression for a buyer.  Can't beat the price.OK! I bought these merely because they did not have my size in the Grid Raider and due to the fact that I do love Saucony. However, I am not thrilled about them, but I have only used them twice, they are just OK for right how, maybe once I break them in I'll love them as well. I'll update my post later after  convincing myself to use them more often.somewhat small but I liked the fabric so I will wear it anyway.These were knock off shirts. I bought the same shirt in store. There is a huge difference in quality. Thread count and buttons are of lower quality plus the stitching is not the samsuper adorableThese were clearly a fake.  Could tell the second I took them out of the package.  Don't waste your money.fell apart the moment I put it on. grommets just falling out of the garment!Nice fit.. if they had other colors, that would be good too..It's really beautiful and fits well but is a little large. I have a smaller frame so the shoulders don't sit quite right. Other than that I love it.Cute but thin material and runs quite large. I wear it over a tank top and it looks cute.  Rather long though.I like this cover up. It is very versatile and I will definitely wear it. I am about 5'4' and 135 lbs and it fits well. The adjustable strings make it easy to change the length or the fit. Though it gives butterfly arms if they're too tight.Super cute, and love the rubber top, however this cannot be for a 3-6 year old like it states....maybe a 6/7 at the very youngest.  My child is 3 (but the size of a 4 year old) and these were way to big, I can almost fit my hands into them.....  But for the price we will just keep until he's old enough to fit and instead bought one's at our local hardware store that fit him great.I recently order the white one and perfect size in XL, however the black one was too short in the armsDon't buy this boot !  I had this boot for six weeks time. It's not the only pair of shoes I wear. The whole heel fell off the shoe,  cracked and crumbled  into pieces.I bought this March 14th to use for vacation. I have used it less than 2 weeks total and there's already a hole in it and the buttons about to fall off. I am not rough with my purse at all. I am so disappointed to have paid $21 for a purse to use less than 2 weeks. I do not recommend.Definitely not long enough. I like my chunky infinity scarves to hang down a bit, even when they're double-wrapped - this one feels more like a neck brace than anything else. Also, it is not as soft as I was expecting.The service was great but the shoes were too small!
Five star for service.I wear a size 8 pant. ONE SIZE DOES NOT FIT ALL IT FITS AKWARDLY.
Hugs onto the thighs so tight that you have a bulge of skin above the upper hem. Very pretty, easy to put on without damaging.Lovely. The colors and fabric is very soft and looks great.Nice dress but someone told me that I looked like a nun.This dress was too small (did not go by the sizing chart) and way too long. I would have had to remove about 5 inches from the bottom of this dress. Also, the material was not as good as expected. Back it went.Would be perfect if they had half sizes.......Not bad at all. Its actually a steal considering the price. Gives a large variety of colors and styles that u can mix and match. I think its a pretty good buyWhen I received this jeans , all excitement vanished, just because of his bad color it's very unlikely color, I wud suggest don't go for itThey do not seem as nice as I expected. Tag placement seems sloppy and overall quality seems on the cheap side. I'm keeping because I need earmuffs but wouldn't buy again or recommend.I'm the type who is barefoot as much as possible. I love shoes but don't like wearing them. Yesterday I received the Sanuk Yoga Sling, ordered in turquoise because they were $14.99.  When I put them on, I knew they were keepers, and having worn them for 1/2 a day today, am solidly in love. The soles are soft and spongy, straps are like tshirt cradleing my feet. The sandal doesn't move around when I walk. I've already ordered another pair in a more neutral colorway.perfect size. very sturdy. Excellent chain. Great buy!I knew for the cheap price that it wouldn't be the highest quality hat around, nor am I some snapback collector, so that's okay! It came in a little misshapen, but I'm hoping it'll reshape itself with enough wear~

My only complaint is that the gold attachment on the front came with some film on it that was hanging off the edges. I gently peeled it off, and it left some gross adhesive residue. I'm sure I can find a way to clean it up, but just something to keep in mind.I ordered a 5x and I usually wear a 3x to 4x t-shirt. It is a bit loose fitting but I didn't want it to be tight. I also don't like that the shirt is made larger around but there is no length put into it when it goes a size up. So it looks short and wide. I have an elongated torso so I have to wear a cami underneath the scrub top to suffice to my comfort of the way it looks and to ensure that my lower back doesn't show when I'm bending, Squatting, Reaching, things such as that. Things that most all nursing staff does. The quality is good, washes well but I don't Put it in the dryer to prevent the possible shrinkage.I love the color BUT I am a really tiny person and the smallest size was even too big!. If you are a small person try shopping the the little boys section instead!Looks alright with some heels. Its ok for what you pay! I don't expect it to survive the washer too long!Odd that I should get this request for input specifically targeted at size....almost like Amazon knows that these run really small.  Ordered a size 9 after trying on some at my local store and they fit fine there.  Actually,  a 9 would typically run a little generous for me. Was very disappointed to find these fit like an 8 or even 7.  Something wrong here.  Other than the size being way off, I love the Fitflops in general and this design, but unfortunately won't be able to keep these.kind of too big, next time I have to see if it is unisex now I know....Cute print, nice soft material, great fit. Wore them one time....theres already a rip in the seem!!Disappointing. These are ankle socks and they fit very small.Nice color.  Thread started getting pulls before the first wash.  Now after a few months it looks a wreck.  Still absorbs water and is great to wear out of the shower around the house as you get ready.... Perfect if you live alone, or your partner is blind.Great as a Gilligan's shirt for theme at camp.I don't wear my shoe polish, but the container is somewhat smaller than those marketed by their competitors. I don't expect to use the supply up quickly in any event.A very nice touch to a nice dress or gown for evening wear. fits every thing a person may need. The assortment of colors is a added highliteI decided to keep even though it's a little large. Will use with my inserts.These shoes look nice, but was concerned because they appeared to be crafted for elves. I wear a 6.5-7 in street and athletic shoes. I tried to put them on my foot and caught a cramp in my arch from trying to squeeze into them...lol. I will be exchanging these for what seems to be the prevailing methodology of other posters. Get them 2 sizes larger than your standard shoe.Not as cute as i pictured on.  Too baggy/ wide on body of shoe.  I tried 2 sizes but was unhappy with the look and returned. I adore my minnetonka 5 layer fringe boots though! !I have owned several pairs of Toms, in fact I wear them until there are holes in them. They have been my favorite shoes for three years. I only give these shoes (notice I'm not calling then Toms) a one star because they are the color I wanted and are very cute but externally uncomfortable in all the wrong places. My feet still hurt from wearing them to the ballpark. Toms fit like a glove. There is no way these are real NO WAY!!!! Buyer beware!!!!! These are knock off Toms!!!!!!The size was kind of a bummer; the zipper doesn't hold up...it falls and the high waist is a little higher than you'd like.I can't fit my pants legs into the boot with these socks. They are too thick for my use.Didn't fit well. Didn't conform to my bodyproduct pic looks dope, when it came its even more dope in personal. gotta love this designWow these sure are cheap POS's. I just threw away $22!!I purchased this watch, so I would not have a problem changing batteries, but after a while, i noticed i was late for appointments, because i depend on my watches. It turned out that the watch, does not keep time, it is not accurate by 5 min..It is slow. So now I'm stuck with a watch that does not work.. Thanks..Had to give it to my mom.This is a cute dress. However, it runs a lil small and the arm holes/sides of dress were far too low to wear a bra. It's pretty see through even with a thin liner in it. Overall, I could wear this over bathing suit at beach. Not really made for much else.I loved my old AT that is a two wheel. This model was the closest to that one that is a carry on, opened with the 'lid' type and could carry an amazing amount of stuff. However the very thing that I sought on this was its undoing; the way that AT designed and sewed the opening caused the zipper to catch on the inside fabric/piping lower corner fraying the fabric and causing the zipper to get stuck. I returned it in less than a month after one trip for that reason. When the replacement arrived I could see that the new one would be the same thing and the zipper was already sticking after opening it in the postal delivery. I was heartbroken to say the least. I loved the color, I loved the capacity but this design flaw is a deal breaker for me. Maybe they changed the design since it first came out or this is a bad run of them  - I don't know.

I also didn't like that you cannot use a lock on it where with my old AT carryon you could. If you've ever been forced to gate check your carryons you can appreciate why that's important. I wanted to love this suitcase so much and again it was to replace my American Tourister Splash 2 Upright 21 that's wheels shredded and could not be repaired. That one was only 2 1/2 years old but AT wouldn't repair it. The 10 year warranty was a ruse as they themselves said that due to the type of and way the two wheels were installed on it they could not be replaced. I have owned AT luggage for decades that held up better and longer; they used to be one of the very best but now their products are K-Mart/Sears quality at best and going the same way.

I now have a Travelpro 21" that fits the bill, we'll see how it works out.Pretty but rose tone didn't last.SmallDid not read closely enough to notice these are not machine washable :-( But pretty blouse, color is true, and it fits before cleaning. Will update if that changes.Doesn't stay on your ear.  Product to "Heavy".fell apart out of the box ?!Not made very well.good dealAbsolutely darling!  My granddaughter looks like a tiny angel in this!  Just perfect!these shoes hurt!!!! they are uncomfortable and have no grip whatsoever. I wore mine for literally 10 minutes for a wedding and returned them....definitely not recommending them to anyone.Material was more substantial than I figured, and it seems to be put together pretty well. Will make a good cloak for a Jedi costume.I actually bought the exact same one at the adidas original store and the quality of this one is very different from the one I bought. The material is not good and the size is too small and it's not stretchable at all. I'm very disappointed to see how the same brand have totally different quaility.Ho hum. Hard to read. Works fine though. Manual is cheap and overly complex, makes no sense. Buyers remorse.My daughter loves her new umbrella!  Perfect size!  Super cute!Very happy with the fit of this bra. Support is great.This is perfect for a women's cycling event coming up themed "Roaring 20's".  From other reviews I thought it would be perfectly "too short" making it great for cycling but my size M/L fit like photo [5'5" 136 lbs I usually wear size 6/8].  I'm able to pull it on straight over my head, however it does have a well hidden side zipper.  And the slits on the side of dress allow it to be worn with my bike shorts underneath for the ride.  Just wish there had been a better stock of the colors in all sizes mine is like photo black/gold; our group will order in variety.This is a really boring top, very boxy and unflattering. The neckline is cute but thats about it.Nice but haven't worn yetToo wideThe pants were a great price but do not fit as expected..my son wears a 40 so we decided being tux pants go up size 42 to allow for not having any give..we ended up using the pants that came with the original tux that was a size 48..thank goodness they have an adjustable waist..they are slightly to big but can wear a belt..go up several sizes if a larger man..I sent it back. I was looking for a thicker cashmere and thought this wouod be from the advertised 4 ply. But it was thin, not particularly soft and the pockets showed through from the front.  Sigh. This is the third cashmere sweater I've tried to buy online with no success. I'm going to stick with Macy's brick and mortar where at least I know what I'm getting,Awful
It's silk not cotton
Fits super weird
Piece of crapComfortable, but certainly not durable.  Foot bed gets very slippery if you get them wet, like walking on ice.  Ultimately like others have said, the toe strap broke long before it should have.  Searching for another brand with similar comfort but better construction.Thought it would have been a bigger. It is somewhat slim fit.The costume had some lovely aspects.  The fabric of the skirt and blouse were better quality than most, but the waist cincher was thin velvet sewn onto a felt backing.  I ordered an 18/20, but it fit too large in the waist cincher, plus I didn't care for the tie back halter neckline and elastic insert in the back.  I ended up having it altered by a professional seamstress (another $20).  She took up the sides, and changed the halter style neckline, to a sewn 'cross back'.  After that the costume was lovely ... except for the hat.  The hat was far too small for an adult head (and I'm not particularly 'fat-headed'), so I opted for a nice red velvet head scarf instead. All in all a nice costume, which needed some work.  I'll be wearing it again for our upcoming Renaissance Festival.It's wellruns very small.Excellent shoe!  Great comfort, soft cushion & great for knees!I really liked this one but  it was a bit snug.  I really thought the design was the best.  I would have kept it but I picked another one instead.  Get the one that measures correctly for your breast.  That's the most important part.Too smallSuper comfy.Shipment was fast.  The gloves are well made.  My 9yr old loves them they fit perfect. Will recommend.  Thank you.They are the right size for length and width but straps are too tight. Buy a size bigger than you normally wear.Clips are cheap and do not stay closed.  Unfortunately, there is a no return policy.  Since Ian new to Amazon orders I did not know this was even possible and now I am out $9.  BummerSuper stretchy. 4 stars because the bottom of the shirt kept rolling up on me. Makes a great under shirt. Detailing lace in the back is very pretty and adds a feminine touch to a shirt design!These are adorable & as pictured but much bigger than I expected them to be. Too big for my 4 year old whom I bought them for & too big for me having 5 & 3 holes in my ear lobes. I'd  recommend these for someone who has 1ear lobe piercing or likes larger earrings.Perfect can't say anything more wear it 24/7The clasp did not work correctly so it fell of my arm and broke.  Amazon will not take it back so I need to figure out how to get it fixed as I do not want to purchase another or put a lot of money into it.  I paid $55 and I found identical on ebay for $30.Love it but the ears don't stay upright like they're supposed toThe 29 " length was closer to 32" and certainly 3" longer than my other 29 " length jeans as measured side by side
 Also, the buttons are small making it difficult to close the fly.Cheap feeling material. Got a blister first time wearing.I brought the pantyhose a size bigger on purpose and they were hard to get on. They actually ran on one leg and I was getting ready for my daughter's wedding. When I purchase nylons at my favorite department store in a smaller size than the one I ordered from you I have no problems. To say I was disappointed was an understatement. I didn't allow it to ruin my day though and I will not be ordering pantyhose again. I will stick with what I know. Thank You!It's nice jacket for the price, it goes well with jeans too, although I really prefer black buttons instead of the red buttons that are on it.Gorgeous and sleek! Just what I hoped for.Yep. It's a cheap tie made in China. But that's  exactly what a Trump tie is. All these people complaining that they got knock offs got the real thing it's just that crappy.  But fortunately it will work perfectly in my art project.NormalWell made,will use them when I go on  vacation (Paris in Feb,16) I live in AR, am afraid to wear them too often as
I live in the woods and the woodpeckers down here are big.I ordered these sandals in my regular sandal size, and they fit perfectly fine. What I like is, that the straps on these sandals aren't big, and therefore, my foot doesn't feel loose which is my problem with most sandals. They make them with huge straps, and people with thinner, but not narrow feet like mine have problems when buying shoes and sandals. These sandals are so pretty and comfy, that I keep navigating towards these as my sandals of choice. I like the cushioning, and the contour of the foot bed. Love these! :)A little baffled by the "fit as expected" high percentage as I got these for my daughter. She wears a size 5 in women's Skechers sneaker so I bought these in 5.5. The box says US Womens 5.5 and it is just smaller than my daughter's old ballet slip on shoe for juniors size 3. Compared to her US womens size 5 Skechers sneaker, this US womens size 5.5 shoe is almost 3 inches shorter. Did I miss something here or did I get a shoe meant for children that is completely mislabeled? The shoe itself is adorable and I want to buy it for her for Christmas, but now I'm not sure what size to order. Size 9??I ordered a size 4 based on their chart and I am normally a size 4. The dress fits because you tie it in the back....HOWEVER...the armholes are extremely small. The quality is not great. The chest area is too high, the padded area that's supposed to "fit" your boob is "above" mine, the beaded design is flimsy and sits more on my chest than it does my waist.  The color is lighter than it shows on here. I read reviews before I ordered and it's a hit or miss for some. Mine was a definite miss. If I'm keeping this dress, I'll have to go get the armholes opened by several inches in order to feel comfortable and in order for the chest area to come down and actually do its job. If it costs too much to alter, I will be returning the dress.  It's definitely not worth the hassle.  DO NOT ORDER IF YOU DO NOT HAVE PRIME. Returns are a pain without prime.
My advise to anyone desperate enough to buy this dress is this, be prepared to pay more money for alterations. For a $65 dress, this is basically rubbish. AND they come wrinkled!!!I love these pants! The more I wear them - the more I like them. Only wish they were an inch longer or came in long.  Think I might try to let the hem out.Product is okay; however, they DO NOT have leg zippers as described. Just make sure you put on your shoes/boots on after you put on the coveralls.Purchased with the intention of using these as everyday shorts. Quality wise they are very nice. They fit somewhat large but not much of an issue. My biggest con with these is the Velcro fly. With little to no movement I found that the Velcro would rip open exposing my underwear. Something that I am not really fond of happening in public. I can give two examples of this happening. The first example would be recently when I was grocery shopping I was bending over to pick up a large case of water, as I am bending with the case of water the Velcro fly rips open and within a second my shorts were around my ankles and I was standing in this supermarket with my blue and white checkerboard boxers in full view. The other example would be recently when I was with friends and we went out to lunch, as I sit down the Velcro fly rips open, trying not make this embarrassing moment worse I tried to re fasten the Velcro while seated. I quickly learned that it wouldnt work as it just ripped back open the second I tried to attach it. So I am sitting there trying to keep my t-shirt over my waist line of my shorts, only for the fact that when I reached over to grab my food from our server my shirt would rise and get tangled with the open Velcro fly exposing my underwear this time to my friends. So I quickly slid back into the chair pulled the shirt down only to not realize that by quickly sliding into my chair I made it so the shorts were more then halfway off of me. Id say each time I have chosen to wear these shorts I have found myself constantly re adjusting the shorts (pullling the shorts up and re fastening the Velcro) because of the Velcro fly opening up at unexpected times.

I will keep these shorts however they won't be a top choice to wearGood, exactly what I expectedDefinitely not what was listed our what I was expecting, wasted my money, hopefully you have a better chance.This is a good looking watch, and I like it, but it does have some issues.

There is a protective guard, or lock, on the wrist clasp that occasionally is hard to pop open in  order to remove watch from wrist. The clasp is rather counter-intuitive to operate, but that may just be my ignorance... this was my first metal band watch in 30+ years.

The watch glass has a little magnifier bubble to enable you to read the date more easily, it is raised from the glass and looks... tacky.

My major complaint though, is that after the weather turned cold, the moisture trapped inside the watch condensed on the inside of the glass right above Mickey's waist, creating a 1 cm diameter mottled puddle. Watch operation is unaffected, but it looks tacky and causes one to "suspect" the watches stated water resistance.Large and cheaply made. Not worth it at all !Dress was nice and we made it work but dress had tears in the tulle and was dirty on one shoulder when it arrived. Had to bleach it to get the stain out.This is my first Tag Heuer and the watch looks very beautiful. Amazon service is excellent. All the paperwork is included. Gave only 4 stars because the stainless steel gets scratches easily.These boots are so cute. They look great with just about anything. Also, the leather is very soft. Yes, it has an odd plastic smell when I first opened them but it dissipated in just a day or so.It was a bit big when it arrived, but shrunk when I washed it. Now it is misshapen and odd looking.Real comfortable...but way too small. Ordered a 10 and it got like a 9I give this 3 stars because first of all, my dress did not come with the belt which is what made me want to order it in the first place.  In my opinion, it also runs small in the waist.  I am 5'4" and 116 pounds and the dress is a little snug in the size 4, which I am always a size 2.  I am ordering a size up in the 6 to compare, but I can't help but think it will be way too big!  We will see....and I hope it comes with the belt!I bought them for my son's uniform at the beginning of the school year and they are the only ones that have survived. I bought 4 others brands throughout the year, all have holes in the knees and these are still going strong.I like the shoes but it's little large, next time I will try to order 8.5 and I will like to see in black too. ThanksWas not as comfortable as I had hoped.Pros:
 -The price.
 - It's really good to have digital and analog at the same time.
 - The light is really good.

Cons:
 - It's too thick and it's not so big so it looks like a cube
 - The band is attache to the case by a plastic thing that doesn't look too strongFit perfectly, good style, good price.These underwear are not even slightly attractive, they are cotton and comfortable though.  They are perfect for wearing to the gym then throwing in the wash.They squeaked with every step I took.  It sounded like I was passing gas!  They were returned immediately.  IF they had not been so noisy, I would have kept them as they were comfortable and fit true to size...and they were cute!  I was disappointed to have to give them up but seriously...who wants to sound like they have a gas problem whenever they take a step??I was going to return this outfit since i received it with 4 holes in it but decided to just have them fixed since its so close to halloween. i was very disappointed with it but paid to have it fixed so my daughter would be able to wear itNot a small more like medium and the button hole was not slit open.While They are very nice looking shoes, I was disappointed that they were at least one size too small.  They were way too tight and I could barely get them on my toddler.  Otherwise, they look nice, if they had only fit.  I am going to return them in hopes to get a larger size.The ring is pretty, but the center stone is just too large for my liking.Forget the sail barge bikini, this was hot. Love it!The zipper broke after less than 6 months of usage.Runs smaller than I anticipated.I had high hopes for this bag. I wanted something a bit different, needed pearls and silver-ish color. Bag was  a nice size-- could hold my readers, phone and a few cosmetic-- but the workmanship left something to be desired. There were beads missing, some of the individual 'strings' of crystal tassels were missing and the fact that the lower level of tassels were not glued down and swished when you walked made it feel cheap. Too bad. If this had quality control and tassels that did not flutter it would have a been great for my needs.LongI would get the size up next time. I was in between the size chart.I bought this as a gift from my kid, to my husband for his birthday.  I searched "Men's Golf Shoe Bag" and it came up.  I thought it looked just fine and would fit the bill. However, if you look really closely at one of the pictures, the front zipper flap has a huge gaudy rubber patch sewn on it that has a picture of the international sign for a mans dress shoe?.. i guess?, along with the symbol for a woman's high heeled shoe.  Congratulations, this is now completely not cool to be seen with in the club house.  If you're looking for a bag to pack your shoes for traveling, this would be just fine.  Lord knows they leave no room for guessing as to what this bag may be for.  Technically, you could put your golf shoes in it... However it's not really a golf shoe bag.  Lucky Duck me, it's Prime, so it's going right back.THIS WAS CUTE AND PEOPLE SEEM TO THIS SO AS WELLMy waist is 31 but the28-30 i chose is quite tight. Other than that, the fabric is good and safe to wear....i also try it around the compoundHusband loved it! I liked it as well but it was a bit tight and although I am curvy I'm a slim girlHem stitching unraveled first time I wore it.The bandettes definitely work but they started to wear out during the second use. Not a long lasting product. Probably only good for a max of ten uses...I used the sizing chart from the von Furstenberg  site to be sure, but found that the dress sizing where it spans two sizes does not work for me.
I ordered a 10 based on the chart but probably could have gone down a notch. This dress is slinky,  the fabric is forgiving, and the loose wrap style contributed to it feeling just a bit too big overall. Also under the arms, there was more room than I thought should be there for a good fit.  I did not exchange for a size down because the shoulder area fit perfect and I figured the smaller one would be too snug in that area. I returned this dress, but may in future try another size.
I don't purchase designer styles much at all, so this was an education and adjustment of expectations.These are one of my favorite pairs.Runs largeIt's okay.  The heel of the shoe is destroying my achilles tendon.  This does not fit like most other J&M shoes.  Interior is more rigid.These shoes are comfortable enough but I've only worn them once.  Very nice with slacks.Excellent quality. Great size, (I mean the watch is not too big.) Great technology: quartz movement, solar power. I wore a Seiko divers battery powered watch for over ten years, but I had to go to a jewelers every two to three years for installation of a new battery. This watch is powered by the sun.These were at least one size larger than expected.  I ordered an M and these were at least an L.  Drop down a size when ordering.The product description says it fits through 4T, but the packaging says "For 1-2 years," and that's more accurate. Our son wears 3T and this costume was way too small for him in every direction. We exchanged it for the child's small, which is supposed to be size 4-6 but, again, says on the actual packaging that it's "for 3-4 years." It fits our son perfectly.they didn't last long on my sons feet.the fabric is very nice, soft and fresh, the shape hide the spare tire around the tummy area, a little bit wide, but no doubt you will look sexy.I have two other Cherokee 4700 white scrub tops and they fit fine. the two I ordered are way to large and stiff!!!This dress is adorable! I get lots of compliments every time I wear it.You can not beat the price of this shirt and it looks Awesome and is a perfect fit and feels good, when I wear it to work.Got as a gift for my brother who is in medical school. Very sophisticated tie.Nice but to small.  I do like the way my return was handled.Ordered these pant, in the product description they said the pants had pockets. (they have now changed the product description) After wearing them for an hour they don't want to stay up around my waist. Idk I think the waist band is of poor quality. Its a gd price considering but I would just pay a few extra bucks and get some good lounge pants.I love these shoes!! There are the real thing and great qualityWell, they work okay I guess, but they are awkward over prescription glasses, I would only do that if I were pretty desperate. I also tried just wearing them stand alone but they don't fit well and don't stay in place very well. They are inexpensive and they do a good job with blocking the light when you have them on and properly positioned, and they don't seem to be terribly/cheaply madevery comfortablethey were nice shoes, looked lovely.  the pair i got in my normal size was way too big and i couldn't walk comfortably in them at all.

i realizes shoe sizes differ, but skechers is a favourite brand, and they usually fit about the same across styles.  apparently not, for this one.

i have gone with a different style from the same brand, and am doing much better.If you wear it often it starts to smell like metal after a while. Your hands smell so strong after even touching it for a broef second putting it on.Feel dumpy in it..or pregnant...Not good for moral! Shrank a little too.these are ok, very thin material.JunkOne word- Flimsy, did not even last for a day.This product was very poorly made. I could have bought single layer fabric from hobby lobby and wrapped it around my body the same wayMy boy friend was retiring, and I thought this would be a nice gift. Thought it would be an "everyday use" watch. It's not keeping time well at all. Disappointed to say the least.These are NOT sterling silver. They cause an allergic reaction and are unwearable.Little to tight across the shoulders and arms, not a good style for me.I am a petite medium in scrubs and this scrub was way too big. Not a happy customer. They should have at least wrote that it will be an extra size bigger.It's pretty cute ~ larger than I expected, but I like it.  I usually don't buy any bags that aren't real leather, so the look is pretty fake.  I figure by the time I throw it around traveling that it will look more worn and hopefully more like leather.  I really haven't carried it yet.Lovely shoes however very narrow so unfortunately no good for my daughterCargo pants are supposed to be loose and baggy so there's plenty of room in the pockets.  Why are these trying to be "skinny jeans"?This is not a Rash guard this is just a plain tee-shirt with a crappy print that says body glove.  This is not made by body glove ships direct from chinaI was excited to find a watch with exactly the features I wanted everything was perfect and then I received it.  I can't say I was wowed by it at first sight, it is a pretty watch, and I loved the colorful mother of pearl face, and the bling, and the band was pretty comfortable but the problem was I couldn't for the life of me set the date and day feature and make it work right.  I played with it until I got it to the right day and date,  and at midnight it would not switch over to the next number and day or be way off ! It was too complicated to achieve so I sent it back.  I was dissapointed that it was so hard to figure out, and on top of it, I did NOT receive paperwork with it (manuel and warranty) either! Also I have a larger wrist so the watch seemed small for me and lost some of its appeal.
I would say if you like the looks of this watch, and you don't want to put much money into a watch this one will be fine, just get the ones with no date and day feature. After this experience, I decided to go with a higher quality watch so I'm purchasing a Bulova.The material was not cottonperfect for a quick outfit to throw and when you are running late.  it falls perfectly around my body, very sexyIts a nice item to gift it to someone.I'm 5' 11" 200lb and the XL was way under sized, stepped up to XXL and it's still not a loose fitting jacket.
I expected these to hang off you like a normal rain jacket but they are more fitted.

It repels water until you touch it, then it slowely saturates the material and eventually gets through. I will be treating mine with waterproofing spray.The large size was not large, and the item is expensive for the quality received.Horrible shoe, very uncomfortable!Wish I had spent more and got the one I really wanted.  Good buy.loveI like very good products.Very cute and my bf loves when I wear it.This bathing suit is BEAUTIFUL and looks identical to the pictures. The fit is true to size (the 1-2Y fits my 22 lb 13 month old very well - feel like we should have plenty of room to last through to the summer).  The bottom is a little low, including in the back, you may have a bit of the swim diaper sticking out.  I tucked the edges in to take some pictures. The hat is not really a valuable asset to the suit itself - it fits tight like a swimming cap (but not waterproof) and the ruffle around the edge isn't large enough to serve any functional purpose (like keeping the sun out of her eyes).  So, I won't be using the hat, but I really don't care since the suit is so cute! Very pleased with this purchase.

UPDATED REVIEW: June 2015 - Update - this suit is just not durable.  The trim has started to come unraveled and the tulle is pulling apart after only 2 wears.  Again, it's a lovely suit for the price, but I  have to downgrade the review from 5 stars to 3 because of this.Thought HANES was a bettter quality  than thisJust a little shorter then what perfect would have beenPerfect!!!!  They arrived on time, fit was true to size, and packaging was authentic Tory Burch. Cant wait to order more!Ordered a medium for my daughter and it fit like a sausage casing.  Extra large fit her size 4 body perfect.On This Shoes Run Large And Wide. So I Had To Return Them And Go A Size Down. Very Comfortable.Fits perfectlyI recived my enchange order and and was very please. They fit as expected. I will tell others. Thank Youjust that it is one size too large for meThis is a one piece NOT a bikini as listed in the title. I ordered a large the bag it came it says large but the tag attached to the swimsuit and the tags inside the swimsuit both say XL.Ring is gorgeous!  But the ornate sides were a little sharp so i returned it.Ever since I saw my guy friend wearing one, I wanted one! I loved the hat and it was so stylish, simple, and comfortable. Nothing too over the top. He promised he'd getme one but he "disappeared" so to my joy I find out Amazon sold it for just one penny!

The hat is great.

edit.  I purchased another, now as of March 2013. I  think the hat changed because it does not fit well/is too small. It falls off when I move my head certain ways.I like the jeans, but the wash(the color of the jeans) are a little darker than the picture protrays. Also these jeans run really small, I ordered a size large and have to squeeze myself into these jeans. Order a size up, I will be ordering an XL in the future!The shirt looks like the picture, but it seems to run a bit small...Good product. Plus cheaper than at the storesGreat looking, great working belt, but smelt horribly like mildew (even though was plastic wrapped)....took 3 days of multiple washings and soaking in alcohol to reduce the smell to tolerable levels.Was excellent quality but the style just was not for me, my feet looked like a 10-12 and i am a 6.5.  Had to return them.You will end up sending these back because it looks like it was made with pig leather - i seee the pores in the leather. I would not suggest anyone buying them.I had purchased a necklace from another site because I love the pendant.  The chain it came with however, was way too delicate and short for me, as I am not a petite gal.  This chain was exactly what I was looking for.  Strong, the perfect length and made of stainless steel -which, if you are allergic to metals the way I am - is necessary.  The fact that it is gorgeous was the icing on the cake!  I would buy this again for myself and as a gift.  Order with out fear, you won't be disappointed.They Don't stay up they bunch at ankleToo small for my wrist.The wood starded to ware off very soonIs goodCHEAP buy the real one not a knock offWhat a terrible wig. Too small, the hair was falling out in handfuls, and it was so oddly shaped that it just looked really weird. Never ended up using it.This dress was so disappointing. Where do I even begin? The picture is deceitful-- I feel like I was lied to!

The material is completed different than what is shown in the pictures.  I thought I was getting a dress made from a soft, ribbed material.  Instead, I got a cheap piece of s*** dress made from SHINY spandex.  And the color is WAY off.  In the picture, the dress is a dark, army green.  In reality, the dress is just... green.  And shiny.  Did I mention shiny?  It looks like a gymnastics leotard.

This dress misses the mark.  The picture is an utter lie.  I sent this dress back the same day I received it.

I received this item at a discount in exchange for my honest review.  And a good thing, too.  I would have been PISSED if I had paid full price!Not as vibrant as pictured.me my wife an all 6 of our children are now the biker gang lol i luv it  thanks amazonDef an Asian market buy.  Ran approx 3 sizes smaller than what's listedNo it is pretty s***y qualityThe top fit ok, the bottoms were too small. Costs more to send it back, so not even worth it. Other than that, the material was nice.Great fit and size. An additional detachable hood would be nice.I'm 5'8, and an slim/athletic 130 lbs.  I ordered a medium.  I like the inseam length, and the grey color is true to the picture.  And the price is right.  However the fabric is very thin, so I really have to wear something seamless under them.  Also, if you do a lot of squats or lunges, the legs on these ride up immediately and you end up having to constantly yank them back down.  My favorite short-shorts that have a fold over waist band are actually from Express ($15).  But I don't think they make them anymore.  Same general design and dimensions but not quite the spray-on fit, and the fabric is thick enough to wear normal underwear without it showing through.I live in N.E. and they are good but, they don't keep my fingers warm when I am outside for a long time or shoveling.The straps were too large so I couldn't wear it without a camisole or t-shirt underneathCute quote, but the black print isn't as bold as it should be to be a new shirt though.The necklace is nice but its thicker and shorter than I thought it would be. Its a Val-day gift for my husband. Hopefully he likes it.I should have carefully read the description... they're neon pink and really don't go well with any of my daughter's outfits so I returned them.CLEARLY THE SIZING IS INACCURATE! SIZING IS NEARLY 2 SIZES SMALL!Good quality.  Medic Alert charm is a little bigger than I expected.  I have a very small wrist and would like the charm to be a bit smaller.THIS IS REALLY A CUTE SHOE BUT I HAD TO SEND IT BACK.  THE SHOE REALLY SHOULD HAVE A HEELBACK.  WHEN I TRIED IT ON AND TRIED TO WALK MY FOOT WANTED TO SLIP OUT THE BACK.  THIS REALLY MAKES IT UNSAFE TO WALK IN.it was too small in some places and too large in others. im a relatively proportional woman, so im guessing this is ill fitting for more peopleSince Im between a 7 1/2 and 8 the 8 was a little large. My next pair Im ordering a 7Way too wide.Very cute shoes but fit is smaller than expected. I normally fit an 8.5 comfortably in skate shoes--they were very tight and narrow. So much that I had to stretch them out before I could wear them. Now they fit snuggly and I can wear them for a few hours at least before my feet start to ache from having my toes crammed together.ran a little smallI will need to return these. I bought size 30 waist of another brand they are fine.Amazon had a price for this watch that was amazing!  Thank you Amazon!  Same watch that is being sold at Bloomingdale's and Nordstroms.. LOVE it!love themQuality leather, good craftsmanship, however the money clip is somewhat of a joke, does not hold bills, making the product pretty useless.Good quality glasses. Comfortable fit and comes with a case for safe keeping. Great if you just keep them in the car for sunny days. The frame doesn't bend out of shape like the similar Oakley model. Still a bit pricy for glasses but better than some others and will last if taken care of.I like these shoes, but the men's version of these is SOOO much better. Why are they different? Why is the women's version crappier? Also, they bite at the back of your ankle until they break in.I ordered a size smaller than my shirt size and it was too big.  It didn't fit as tight as I thought it should.Best fitting Levis I've worn. Just enough stretch to keep them in place when bending or stooping.Cute shirt. Comes at least two sizes too small.Beware. Description state 52" x 68". It is actually only 27" wide. It is also not washable. If you are looking for a regular sized item, this would be okay. I purchased specifically for the width. It is going back.I bought this scarf for a comfy way to keep warm but still look cute on the airplane. Unfortunately it won't stop shedding. I don't know if other people have had this issue with this scarf. Now, I can't bring it with me on my trip because I can't deal with the rabbit fur coming off on my clothing.Good product -too small-Beautiful boot but could not zip past the calf. I'm 4ft 11' with big calfs, about 125lbs. Had to return them.My son is 8 lbs 7 ozs and these are too big on him.  Usually this brand fits small but these don't.I am 5-9" ordered medium/small fits well. It's heavy and soft. Good length.
Just be careful when opening the package first time, it sheds I mean a lot. Luckily I opened it in the garage and I was surprised at the tiny cotton bits...all over the place .After having a very good experience with the Vionic Tide II Sandal (only shoe I could wear without excruciating heel pain), I was looking for a dressier sandal to wear out to parties and events. I was looking for something less casual than a flip flop. However, this shoe doesn't offer the heel support that Vionic's flip flops do. There wasn't nearly the same amount of arch support. Also, the straps over the toes would dig into my feet despite the fact that overall, the shoe fits too loosely actually.

Pros: comfortable, soft insole
Cons: not enough arch support, doesn't relieve heel pain, straps dig into solesMy hubby bought them for me,the nice and warm,but I found them not comfortable enough for me,but I am picky when it comes to shoes ,got a pair of Bear Paws and it's much better.Actually, i thought that the shorts and the shirt are separate, but it seems this is just a one piece cloth. I bought the size 12 for my 8 years niece. She is taller than other girls in her age, so it fits.  It is nice, but not comfortable when she goes to the toilet as she needs to put it all the way down.These shoes fit really small. I have another pair of stride rites a 1/2 size smaller (5) and they fit my 18 month old perfectly. These are size 5.5 w and they are way too small! Bummer because they are cute.I like the fabric.  The dress is well made.  It looks really beautiful on.Comfortable and color I was looking for.Liked color hated roughness of material.Not what the pic shows at all and way too small. Opening would not fit my 10 year old and faux fur quality really poor.I bought these for my wife this year for Christmas. I just got the package today and had to open them to see if they were gift worthy, or if I needed to get her something else.... I have to say they are really nice quality. The clasps are solid. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a great set.nice and comfy warmI have had a number of Toms's shoes. The sizes are not always reliable. And, of course, they have virtually no arch support. Nonetheless, they are the shoes that I wear almost all the time.The color is nice but it is to big.Love the way it looked and fitGeox  usually run small so I bought accordingly. My daughters love Geox sneakers and would not take them off. They are comfortable and durable.Runs small.I used to argue that this was the best men's sock made, but they changed the yarn to a lighter gauge, and now these socks don't hold up well. I recommend the new socks from Shoes For Crews as a better sock. I'm hard on socks, and am disappointed in Dockers for making these socks cheesy now.Beautiful..thanksMaybe I haven't broken them in yet but I always make sure to tighten the laces before I go out in them because I don't want any blisters forming above my ankle or around the back of my heel.

They do feel a bit rigid too but as this is my first pair of boat shoes, I don't know if that's unusual or if I should suck it up for a bit while I break them in. I've had it for about a month now and worn it less than 10 times so this review of its comfort could be premature.

I seemed to have paid much less than what it normally sells for so in that way I don't feel unhappy with my purchase. Just a first experience with boat shoes that will probably get better as the shoe starts to loosen up / soften and hug my foot a little better.Very Cute. Just wish the decal was stitched and not grafic looking.Boots are really nice and well made...very heavy. I'm normally a 7 1/2 but I thought they would be to tight. I got a size 8 which are a little too big but the width is perfect. I've been wearing these boots with a heavier sock and they're fine.Not insulated enoughI like the quality and colors of the sweater however the sweater's XL fits like a medium.This hat is great for keeping the sun off my face, but it does not look like the photo, and the crown is so shallow that even the drawstring won't secure it, as it ties too high on the head and just slips off with any breeze. I gave it 3 stars because it is ideal for keeping the sun off my face, but I literally have to use one hand to hold on to it at all times if it's even slightly breezy out.

I don't mind the look, but it is not stylish like the photo. The crown is shallow and boxy, and the brim is not as wide and horizontal as shown.Seems fairly cheap. Also comes about 1 size to small. So order a size up from your usual shirt sizeIt had a weird smell when i first got it so i washed it. It looks like the dye came out in some places. Other than the dye washing out the bag is perfectOuch!  These were the most painful sandals I ever wore... could barely stand them for 5 minutes in my hallway.as describedThese shoes look okay but the workmanship is poor, so is the material.I received the earrings much sooner than I thought I would get them they were packed very well no stones appear to be missing and they look just like the picture. I have not worn them yet but I am pleased so far with them for the price.Item as described. Fast delivery.This is a very nice dress and it is very pretty too I love wearing it to church. I ordered a size 14 but I didn't like how it fit. (I have lost some weight) I sent it back and then ordered one in the size 12 and I'm so glad I did. I highly recommend this dress.Really good shoes, very comfortable, but after a while they do start to hurt, but that's more because my feet overpronate causing my arches to collapse. So the pressure from the arches on the shoe make my feet hurt. I wear these all the time around the house and outside, because I feel like it's better than wearing something with no support at all.Taking a bit to get used to the release, but seems a great value and works well. Don't know how I could rate any belt as 5 star but this is a solid 4! Would recommend to everyone.These sandals are just okay, and when I rate them as fit as expected, it's because after reading the reviews about how narrow they are I thought they would fit me perfectly.  And they do fit pretty well.  The arch support is okay, not great. The quality is okay, not wonderful.
I don't love them, but for $13 I thought I would try.I did not like the feeling from the knobby outsole.I was really pleased with the fit of these sandals and they are very comfortable. Although i have to say, i will never put this much money into this product again. They are already falling apart around the edges and i have had them maybe a few weeks.  I am very disappointed and would have purchased more in the future, but it seems that the quality just isn't there.A little too large. Size chart was a little off.Although the suit is great, I have to give it three stars because it is way too small according to the size recommendations. I do think it is because of the color, however.  The metallic gold fabric does not stretch like I'm assuming a non-metallic color would. I am 5'7", 155lbs and I ordered both the S and M, and neither fit.  I could barely zip them.These are absolutely the most comfortable shoes I have ever owned.  As an avid (but slightly overweight) runner, I have lots of problems with my feet and shins.  I have found that regularly wearing Vibram's barefoot and zero drop shoes for normal daily activities (NOT running), has significantly improved my shin splint issues.  And the absence of a fixed toe-box in the shoe has helped immensely as well.

Again, I'll state that these are not the shoes you want to run in, but they are excellent for walking, cross-training, etc.For May the Fourth, I decided to treat myself.  How refreshing to find a women's tee that isn't skin tight.  I wear medium and I bought medium.  It fits fine and I like the print on the front.  The problem I have is the fabric is sheer.  I can't see through the front because of the print, though maybe others can from a distance.  The back is plain white and it shows everything.  I can see the shade of my skin, the bra I'm wearing . . . everything.  I'd model this on a video, but I don't want to be half naked.

That's a shame.  It's a cute shirt, but I'm going to have to layer it, and I dislike layering my clothes.I bought 2 of these dresses so my 2 granddaughters could wear for my sons wedding.  They are poorly made I guess I should have went to Sears.  The smaller size the flower came of just before the wedding and on the larger size both straps on one side stitching came out before picture and she was stuck wearing it like that over half of the evening.  NOT HAPPY and NOT A GOOD QUALITY!  I am just a regular person not given the product to try, my girls actually wore these.  I wish I was at home because I would post pictures of the dresses!  I got the white even though this pic right now is showing pink.  Plus it's funny how I bought 2 but can only write a review on just 1!This bag is a great color red!  Just what I was looking for. The bag is made well and has a shoulder strap that can be attached when you need it. I have received many compliments on the bags style and its color. I am very pleased. I will be ordering more bags from Scarleton.Pretty colors.... a bit small though.this necklace was a complete let down. I gave it 2 stars because it was exactly what was shown in the picture but the tooth and beads are all as big as the tip of my pinky finger. the necklace i had before had a tooth that looked the same way but was at least 1" in size  loved it until part of the side broke and it will no longer stay on the necklace. if the tooth were bigger this would be a great Necklace !! buts its not so it is not worth the price !the seam on the one pair of dickie pants that I wore one time, opened up and came apart.  Disappointed in the quality.Wide enough decent shoeWas too smallLike many Chinese made shoes this one doesn't seem to be wide enough..It's a 6E but my foot hangs over and there's clearance on both sides of the tongue.. It's not a full 6E as advertised..not great for blocking out sun glare having tried night driving yetI guess this bra works for some women, but definitely not for me. I was searching for a comfortable bra and I am reasonable enough to know that when you are searching for comfort you are going to sacrifice some other features. I didn't expect the bra to be pretty, nor did I expect it to be perfect. I did, however, expect it to be comfortable and provide a decent amount of support given that is how it is advertised. The material was paper thin and even with a thick shirt on over it there were still "headlights" that were embarrassingly visible. In addition to the thinness of the material, the bra was in no way, shape, or form comfortable. Speaking of shape and form, it also provides no support for your breasts, therefore you're left with no shape or form. The material was scratchy where the seams are, which was highly uncomfortable. I have tried many bras that have felt okay at first and then as you wear them they become uncomfortable. This was uncomfortable from the moment I put it on. I had it on long enough to test to see whether or not it looked decent under any shirts - it didn't - and then I placed it back in its original packaging to prepare a return.Instructions are not easy to follow because they are incomplete, there are a raw translation from Chinese so they are a lot of steps that you have to figure out on your own.Doesn't look like the picture, shirt color and logo are darker then pictured, shirt runs a size smaller, logo on shirt is smaller then pictured, I purchased an xl and it fits more like a large, still a cool shirt but not worth the asking priceThis dress is soft and pretty warm.  Nice for winter.  I bought it for travel though and it really does not pack small.  It's as bulky as my thick winter wool cardigan in a suitcase.  Hence the less stars.  Also it's somewhat pricey.Fit as expected,but easy to get dirtyDecided to return the shoe because I was comparing it to the Asics Conviction X.
The shoe was too narrow for my foot and the sole was not rigid enough for certain exercises that require the toes to be rolled on the ground.
Shoe is great as a trainer that would be used more for minimalist running but not WODs or weightlifting.Originally, upon opening the box, I felt it was a bit smaller than I anticipated.  However, once I put it on, I loved it.  It is a perfect size and goes with virtually anything. It's stylish and wears beautifully.  Every time I wear it, I receive compliments. It is subtle and classy.Great looking watch and so far the features seem to work well. Definitely recommend if you get it for under 140 or so.Bummer, they're super cute, but run pretty small.very prettygoodshipping was fast. lovely productAttractive luggage that initially felt sturdy. Obviously reasonably priced. On my first trip with the 2nd largest bag, everything was going great and I was even bragging about my new luggage. It wheeled perfectly through the carpeted airport. When i wheeled it outside, the sidewalks absolutely destroyed the wheels in less than a block and I was left to drag the suitcase for the rest of my trip. I plan on returning the luggage.Way too big. By too big I mean wide. Looks stupid. Its itchy too.For the most part, it fits great. The sleeves are just a little short for my liking.I ordered this ring as a present for a family member. I was very pleased at the look and design of the ring when it arrived. The picture of the ring on the Amazon page does not do it justice. This is not some cheap costume jewelry  kindof ring. This is a beautifully crafted ring with a lot of sparkle and bling to it and at a reasonable price. I would recommend this as a gift to give to the jewelry lover in your family or even to yourself!A friend has an 18" shoehorn and I used it on a recent trip. Then I decided to order my own. In reading the reviews I saw that the plastic versions didn't rate well with many people. this is strong, lightweight, and just awesome. I can put my shoes on without painful bending. Thanks.I loved the boot when I opened up the box. The sole seemwd study which was a plus given I live in the mountains. But was slightly disappointed after trying them on. One boot just felt too big and too
clunky. Had to send them back. Ughhhhi really wanted them to work.granddaughter loves themVery narrow,  I always wear normal width shoes .NICE!!!They are comfortable shoes but they are too small. Hurt my baby toes and big toe.I do not have wide feet, but I couldn't get my foot into this product.  I had to return it because it just wouldn't fitNice doing business with you, just what expected.We put it on our keys and it broke after about a day.My daughter wore it one time and it reap on the top, I fixed it for her, and the second time it reap on the sides. I finally returned it.This came fast... Just a bit smallGreat watch, but I'll never buy another watch with a cloth band agaib5. I have to keep washing it every day to keep it from smelling badly.Perfect hatI sent them back because they were suppose to be made out of denim but they were made out of canvasRuns super small!So as said before the sizing for this is off, However I ordered a small and am fairly certain the company fully anticipated Americans to order this in their respected sizes. I ended up receiving a large, this wasn't a huge issue because I took it to the tailors. However the product is only getting three stars due to the minor inconvenience, and the fact that to have this altered cost as much as the coat does.

 (I didn't contact the seller due to the fact that they are in China and although I received my order unreasonably fast, I didn't want to go through the hassle of sending something back to China and awaiting a new product. That would mean I would be out of a coat until around mid November possibly December so I opted for the tailors.)

All that said the coat in the picture is exactly what you get. Be advised this coat should be utilized as a shell! If you are planning on using this as a coat for winter plan on layers. Over all I do enjoy my coat since it is difficult to find anything like that here in the states, also final selling point the $50 price tag is very reasonable.A little thin and big for a large. I like a nice tight fit with my undershirts. Hoping that they will shrink a bit when washed. V-neck cut is a little deeper than I had hoped.Ok. But there was a buttonhole missingfabric isn't very sturdyReally like how they feeel, but lots of reviews said get a little bigger than normal - I did and they are too big. They say relaxed straight leg - legs are very baggy . I'm keeping them though because they do feel good onI always wear an 11 Adidas (and Nike), but these run small. In a size 11, my toes were touching the front of the shoe. I recommend getting at least 1/2 size larger than usual.

In case people are wondering, the reason the ankle cut-out is angled like that is so you can flatten the back of the shoe and wear it like a clog/croc/sandal.Beware, they have a very narrow calf so the foot and ankle fit great but I can't get in them because my calf won't fit.  And thats without trying to tuck pants inside....I couldn't even begin to do that.  My calves aren't THAT huge, lol.  I could return them but I like them otherwise so I will slit them at the top and hope it works.Had to order large because there were no XL. Fit was about what I expected. For those wondering, they are snug. I did not realize that they were part spandex when ordered. I was looking for basically this same short in all cotton but could not find it. These will work well.Fits well and has become my favorite!nice ring , takes to long to shipGreat jeans the only brand I wear.Well made, nice color, good casual looking shoe. Was disappointed because unfortunately, there is very little arch support. So I returned the shoes.The shoe broke within a month of having itThese boots look like they would be perfect for standing up to snow and even water.  I am around an 8.5M and after I read reviews I decided to order a 10.  The footbed and toe area are so small -- the 10 fit just right, BUT  the top of the foot area and the ankle area are more like an actual size 10 and feel very loose.  When I walked around in them, it felt like I was wearing large lace-up boots with the laces undone -- very insecure.  Too bad, I wanted to love these.Just as I expected!Some of the lights stopped working period. Its a cheap product that someone can make at home. Don't waste your money on this product.I inserted my foot once for 3 seconds pulled out and hat to wash it twice before the chemical smell left. So bad the my wife made me take them outside and there they remain almost 2 weeks latter. I don't know if they were sprayed by accident at the storage before the were shipped with bug spray or if the want to call it some kind of protective chemical for some other purpose but in my opinion they are unusable as they are. I'll wait a few more days and if it does not go away I would have to return. They look nice though.I bought 12 nun costumes for a talent show, for ladies of varied shapes and sizes. Although the shorter women had to hem theirs (actually they just cut off the bottom), they all fit in the body. The package says fits up to size 12, but some of our ladies were a bit larger and had no problem wearing. The only drawback is that the white band under the black drape over the head (sorry--don't know the correct names for the parts of a nun's habit) wanted to flip up, giving the unfortunate appearance of the "Flying Nun." We resorted to masking tape to keep in in place. Other than that, the costumes were fine. One lady dropped out between the time I ordered and received the costumes. I was able to return hers for a full refund--easy and prompt return/refund. I'd recommend Rubie's Costume Nun--really worked out well for our "sisters."Nice construction but they were too small in the toe area..  I had to return.  I would recommend sizing up a half size.had to return. just not so great on me! should have kept in mind it's for juniors, not women.I have only had these for a few months and they are falling apart . They took a long time to break in and that is with a extra insole. I would not recommend these if your on your feet all day.The shirt is nice quality but soon realized that the shirt is the same color (red) and basic design as the McDonald's staff. My co-workers would walk past me and place an order. In the future, order a different color.awesomeNot happy at all with this product.  It arrived on time and was wrapped securely in its packaging. Unfortunately, the rings are very lightweight and they feel "tinny". They are NOT made from quality material.  The stones are very cheap looking.  They actually look fake. I bought them to take on a cruise, so my real rings wouldn't get list, damaged, etc.  I would not wear these rings at all.  I will be returning these rings ASAP. I am extremely disappointed in this product.I love this sweater. I purposefully ordered a few sizes too large so it is super comfortable when lounging around the house.if the the helmet that shows up in the picture  shiny silver chainmail aventail face guard spike on top is the one you want then yes go ahead enjoy if its like what i got  i am happy clean off the oil pad the inside for fit &comfort yeah if it is diffrent then what is pictured and i discribed then don't blame me i have been asked about  this before and i wish amazon would not show the wrong picture of things and have people ask me what is going on my opinion o,k , but to be asked qs about amazons  biz prac. come on amazon get you're poop in a group i don't work there thank you and even though the vikings blew it on there first round pick trea waynes sucks  should have just kept chris cook  GO VIKES!!!  IT GETS 4 STARS CAUSE NOTHINGS PERFECTGood quality cotton TShirt just ordered a little too small. I will know for the future to order one size larger.Great for superhero parties, but they were very small.Broke as soon as I tried it on. It's inexpensive, so didn't get my hopes up. Nothing hot glue or super glue can't fix temporarily.Good for the money, paint on ring chips easilySorry, wasn't for me...got it and immediately sent it back.  I rarely return anything and love other Michael Kors purses, but this one just did not cut it.  Looked cheap and not made very well.Iron on decal on a blank hoodie. Was expecting brand name....not a look a like.My husband needed these for a formal event and he said he liked tham and they were comfortable. but please note he was only in them for about an hour and a half.Awesome shorts!!!!!!  Perfect fit, perfect feel, perfect wear.  Just wore them in Hawaii and I put them through the ringer.  I wish my BDU's were this tough!!!The shoes don't fit my feet although the size is just okayA small is still to big for my footThe shell is sturdy and the hinge snaps closed with authority. My glasses fit in the case with a cleaning cloth.I've purchased many pairs of FitFlops and 6 fits perfectly. This 6 was WAY too small. Was going to exchange it, but the next size up was 2x the price! What's up with that?

Returned.Got this for my dude a few months back.  It's breaking in nicely.  It is very obviously well made.  It is a bit thicker than his previous wallet, but he doesn't mind for the quality.Very comfortable top.waist elastic too tightThis shirt has a visible whole in the front . This was part of my daughters Easter basket. I would rather have this replaces.  PissedI purchased these to supplement some others I had my students wearing. I have had to repair the buckles every time hey have been worn.Had to return. Too snug in the toes & heel popped out in the back. Not well constructed. I think I will stick to sandals with this brand.They make my booty look fantastic!!!! Just a little loose in the thighs. But the length and waist are perfect!love itttttThe fabric of the pants feel very harsh, even though they say 100% cotton, and I thought it would soften up after washing it; however, it did not. I'm not sure why the fabric feels rough, and not soft, as they other pajamas I bought from this brand are very soft.Not at all like the originals I loved from years ago....very disappointing the foot bed is way to narrowIt worked out fine for what I needed to use it for but the fit was pretty big so it didn't fit snug enough to stay on by itselfThe design is really cute.  Given the not so good reviews on this purse, I wanted to make sure I gave it a fair chance myself.  Again the design is cute especially the inside. However the stitching around the zippers and the zippers themselves are terrible!  The stitching to my top zipper to open the main compartment is already coming apart.  The metal holders for me are working just fine and seem sturdy, no problems with them yet. As far as the smell, there was no problem with bad odor, smelled just fine.I purchased these in Champagne.
The shoes are beautiful, and rather comfortable. They fit as expected - just enough wiggle room for the toes!
However, the shoes that, in the picture, appear to be gold toned and woven, are actually quite sparkly. I pulled the shoes out of the box, and wondered if there was a hidden glitter bomb in the packaging.
My roommate told me it looked like I stole the shoes right off of Glinda the Good Witch.
Great shoes! Just beware: there will be glitter everywhere.Seems like a copy, don't looks like an authentic DragonDisappointing somewhat because the size was not what was expected. Dress style was nice but it was too small. Quite disappointing. Returning it for a different size.These earrings are very pretty and I do love how they look--my reasoning behind the 3-star review is that one of the stones is VERY loose. One earring seems to be solidly made, but I can hear the stone in one of the earrings rattling around. I imagine I will end up losing the stone soon. They were very inexpensive, and you get what you pay for, but that was disappointing.Bought this for our annual adult halloween party.  My husband and I dressed up as classic Captain Kirk and Uhura.  The costume is made inexpensively, loose threads had to be trimmed here and there, but I was able to wash it on gentle cycle and dry in my dryer before wearing without it falling apart.  It was a big hit.  I think the key is to pair it with black boots and give yourself 60's style hair and makeup.  Everyone said that made the outfit.The quality of the bracelet was fine - actually a bit nicer than what I expected for the price.  I ordered the aquarius bracelet.  From the picture, I assumed the beads would be a shade of red, which would also make sense since garnet is the birthstone for January.  The beads instead are closer to lavender.  To be honest, I don't mind that; lavender is a lovely color but it was not what I expected.Love the color. True to size if not on the large size. I typically wear an XL to 1x in a shirt but based on reviews ordered the 2x to haverify it lose fit. It swallowed me whole. I'm 5'3 and 180. An XL would have been the best fit to have it fit. The matireal is that lycra/cotton mix feel that's very clingy so I'm not sure that this shirt in a "fit" would be something I'd like. A size up it would be perfect to wear oversized with leggings though.Seemed like a decent hoodie but the sizing is way off. I am 5'8" and bought a medium and the bottom of the hoodie was almost mid thigh. It is extremely long. Sleeves were also too long and pretty baggy. Might be good for tall people but be careful when ordering.Cute just soft and needs some stuffing insideDurable shirt as always with any Arcteryx clothing. I use for recreational use and work. Wear shirt over low profile body armor and the shirt takes the abuse, breathable and lightweight.Perfect fit. Just what I wanted.Nice hard case with room for extra lens and nose piece.very large glasses. A more descriptive posting might have helped know how large these glasses are.  Inches might have helped.Got this garment on Friday, wore it Saturday. The fit was perfect, not too hard to get on or take off and was much more comfortable than I expected. Zipper snagged a little but nothing serious. I go to wear it for the 2nd time today (monday) the zipper bursts while almost completely zipped and would not go back down. I literally had to rip myself out of this. Very disappointed.Fits as expected and Amazing Quality... GO VIKINGS!!!The mask is no helmet.  They must pin the shirt back for this picture because it isn't that tight.  You can get this cheaper on ThinkGeek.com right now.  I would send it back, but it has been too long.does not wash well.This hat is ok, mine is a bit snug.  I'd suggest ordering the next incremental size up.  The other negatives are, that the hat's material has a slight shine to it because it is only half cotton and polyester, plus the brim is a bit stiff - needs to be reshaped often.  Other then those negative comments, I like look of the hat and the functional neck strap.  I intend to wear it working in both sunny and windy places . It's more practical than my baseball caps.These shoes are very pretty. Brought them for my daughter for a Sweet 16 party. She calls them her Cinderella glitter pumps. They are so much more beautiful than the picture.This is my third pair of Go Walks and unfortunately, my last.  Skechers has obviously changed their manufacturer for this shoe and the sizing is definitely different and all wrong.  My past pairs were 8.5M and fit perfectly.  This new pair were 8.5M and wide across the middle and long in the length.......just a totally different fit.....they even look big!  I don't understand why a shoe size can't be cut the same size no matter what country they are made in...........sigh!!I ordered size large because i knew knit fabric shrunk when you dry in the dryer. I try to fit the pant and it fits perfectly. Though the length is too long for me and i knew that because i read the measurement. Not a big deal becase i know how to cut the length of the pants. What I like in this pants is how soft, comfortable, and i love the band in the belly, it's stretchable. I can fold it to the width i want. Overall I recommend this pant.

Update:
After wearing this pants for many months it's stretched so much that i have to always pull up when I walk. It's not fun at all. I'm sure i gained a lot of weight it should stay but it's not.

Disclaimer:
I received this product in discounted price in return to my honest review. Now, here's my unbias reviewThe day I unboxed these I went tromping around in the woods, cutting firewood and throwing tomahawks. The tread is nice and grips well in loose leaves. The day after that I cleaned the shoes and wore them to visit my mom for Mother's Day wearing nice slacks and a button up shirt. According to mom they look just like suede oxfords (I have the black suede Nero boots) and even my sister showed grudging approval. I bought these to use as casual dress boots to wear to the office and these are exactly what I wanted. A casual shoe-like lower with a high top to keep out the rain (once I treat them with waterproofer) and enough grip just in case. P.S.- These are definitely the real McCoy. I don't know why other had problems with their boots but I have not and mine do have the official DM stamp.My son wears a size 13W these fit perfect and keep his feet dry! Very hard to find & a great price!I give these shoes 2 stars for the style..  I was looking forward to purchasing these shoes in black./ Unfortunately, on closer view showed the stitching is white and appears to be so with all the colors!  How tacky and cheap, otherwise I'd go for it.Order 1 size up then you would normally wear.Beautiful set! My first one broke the first time I wore it so they sent me a new set free of charge.These are not the same quality as previous identical shoes from same company.  Either a change in design or knock offs.I could not wait to get these for my kids! However, the first day my 7 year old wore them to school 3 of them broke off. So disappointed:(this shirt runs very large, i ordered an XL for my dad because thats the size he wears in tshirts, hoodies.... when i opened the package i noticed this shirt was freakishly large and made my boyfriend who is the same size try it on and it was wayyyyy too big. amazon is famous for this so watch out!!i bought this for my son. He wanted to be Pennywise so bad. It was dirty and way to big. My son is tall for his age.
The mask was flat and it is over priced. I only kept it because he had a Halloween event two days later I could get the stains out.
I am very disappointed. Would not buy or recommend to others.Cute and just as they are pictured but, they close in a weird way that makes it difficult to close them once on.Band was way too big so I returned it. Easy process thoughSuper cute, but too big for me. I ordered a size small and  5'2'" and 125. I ended up returning it Knowing I'll never wear it being so big. But other than that the dress was beautiful and allShe will only wear "Hello Kitty"underwear..ordering on line beats running frim store to store!This lock provides the government with what they want and give me some security when traveling.  Hopefully, it will provide years of use.Lots of pockets and places to stash stuff, but think it will be great once I get used to it.Was very cute and I was super excited. I am usually a medium in US size so I ordered a large. It could probably fit a 10 year old. It's more like an xxsmall. Disappointed.Wheres the box?!?!!? It came with no box and its for a gift..watch was too big even with extra link taken out, will have to find a jeweler to take a link outThese stay up, which is saying something considering none of the other no-show socks I've tried have. They also don't have a seam that uncomfortably presses into the feet.

However, they're very thin. I've been wearing them with a pair of Superga sneakers and I don't feel like they cushion my feet at all. I tried wearing two pairs at once, but that's uncomfortably tight. I don't anticipate them offering any warmth in cold weather, so they're probably better for summer. They come in a gift box which I thought was a little over the top for $13 socks, but hey, that might work for you.Very disappointed! I received only the top!!!! Do not purchase. Very cheap material and not worth it.I ordered a men's extra-large and ended up getting a child smallIf you looking for dark colors forget this they all came in red and pink, my girlfriend just laugh her head off. I will still buy from Amazon but watch the companies that sell it from AmazonToo heavy and couldn't wear themI ordered the Large reading seller's description of size variance between Chinese and American sizes. I usually buy a medium for adults (I'm 6'2 and 180lbs) and their large was what a large from Zara or H&M would be here. Returned the product.Very comfortable, perfect heel height.Eveything was OkIt crumples like a thin cotton shirt. Not sure what the nanotechnology is in this.The verdict is in: It's love. These shoes are gorgeous and comfortable and they go with a wide range of fashions.  I am wearing them today with a silk babydoll and a blazer and they couldn't be more chic.  The small heel is a major plus, dressing the shoe up just enough so that it doesn't look as casual as a lot of other gladiators. I wish I could afford to buy every color!the material feels really cheapi have worn them about 6 hours and they do seem a bit short which is a surpirse since i have been wearing 11.5 length for most of my life.  i did read in a review that sometimes NB shoes do run shorter than other brands.  Oh well.The wand broke immediately  and the crown looks awesome but doesn't fit or stay in place. Everything else wonderful!Did not like it. I returned it.My 8 month old looks adorable in these!!!perfect but short-lived if you like walking. they kind of fell apart after 6 months.Good quality sweaters for the price, love the knit. Found that the actual neck was a little too long.Color was very nice but picture very deceiving.  Shirt is just very short and not very slim at all.The watch is a lot bigger than you would expect a woman's watch to be.  It is the same size as my man's watch. It looks really nice, but it is extremely large!This only came with one locket, was my shipment incomplete or is the description of the product wrong, as it is listed as a set.The opening on top is really large.  They only fit if I wear really thick socks.  Pro-Keds have better support and thicker soles.Terrible fit. These must be plus size maternity. I normally wear a size xs size 2 in scrubs and I ordered both small and xs, both of which were 3 sizes too bigThe description said that it was extra long...but it was not....also...the colors were NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE.  I had to return this item.It's a great dealGreat shoe. The bottom sole is a bit thin. It took a few days to break them in. Very cute!The color was nice, fabric is nice but I ordered four pairs of these scrubs in four different colors, all in size small, however only one pair fits. Makes no sense seeing that they were all the same size/style ... not happyReally nice wallet for great price.  Not stretched out so far, even after changing number of cards a few times.  DO NOT expect to be carrying more than a few bills, though.  This wallet is suited to heavy card users, not cash carriers.These flats are cute but no support at all. If they had support I would give them 5 stars but they are horrible if you need support like I do then these are not good for all dY walking.very dark the purple, looked cheap and godlyThese shorts r the most comfortable ones by far! I love the fit and length. It would be nice if more colors were offered.runs very smallToo expensive, small, and don't know if it will be comfortable when distance running. Buy Brooks instead if you want distance shoes. They are having a sale and give you a 90 free trial for you to use and return if it's not good.This Tomahawk is sick it's everything I was expecting it to be. I just wish the package it sits in had Connor on it cuz that would have been even more awesome.Thought it was very beautiful but the chain breaks easily. Luckily it holds its shae so I didn't lose it the night I wore it. Would buy again if the chain was better constructed.Tarnished the first time I wore it. Clasp is flimsy.Nice ring with a good amount of weight to it.  Found it for 30% off on a Black Friday deal and couldn't resist.  The first ring I ordered was too large because I measured my finger wrong.  Amazon let me return the original ring and I took the advice of others that this ring runs a half size too large.  I should wear a normal 9.5, but the size 9 of this ring fits perfect.  They let me keep the 30% off discount for the new ring.  I also e-mailed Benchmark and received the lifetime guarantee certificate and received it the next week.

I would give this 5 stars, but the ring I received has a small scratch on the side that is only noticeable if you are really looking for it, but its not worth the effort of me returning it.  Otherwise, I think this is excellent value for the quality.  Now I just need to somehow wait until my wedding to wear it!

I also e-mailed Benchmark and received the lifetime guarantee certificate and received it the next week.Thought it would be better quality from Walter Drake...Like canvas...It is plastic !!!I liked the looks but both heels were bleeding in a couple of hours.  Haven't worn them again.Definitely not made for petite curvy women! Though it zipped up, the bust was going to bust open if made the slightest movements.. it was so tight it looked like I was binding my chest.foot part very comfortable with width, however I had no knowledge Crew socks went  to the knee.. None I had prior anyway !The distressed look was nice the first time I wore it but after one wash the shirt faded really fast so the image is barely their.I'm usually a 6.5 in women's, and got these in a size 4, which should be a women's 6, still too big.I did not like it at al The fbrica is not good and the price is highI am 6'1 210 pounds and this xl comes down to my knees.hated these years ago and still not a fanSo soft and cute but fairly see through. Only good for long shirts.Had to return. Picture not accurate: actual wig color was darker, and fibers were limp and flat which in turned caused the wig to be too longMight be nice if it fit, but the suggested size ordering instructions certainly didn't work for me.  Way too long (I'm 5'3, weigh 144, and tried a medium.)  To return it, you have to contact the company for an "approval."  It has been 2 days and I haven't heard back from them.

Update:  The company got back to me after I filed a claim via Amazon.  They have offered to reimburse me for return shipping.  Not as easy as a purchase straight from Amazon, but acceptable.  If you are over 5'5" and shorter than 5'8" and not heavy, the medium would be a good fit, I think.Return alreadyA nice shoe, well-constructed, but I prefer shoes with a wider heel. It was a bit too narrow for my liking, so I returned it. I liked the color, stone, but not enough to keep it since I didn't feel comfortable walking in them.They looked lovely in the picture and in person, but they're advertised as a 16 gauge and they're WAY larger than that. If you haven't stretched your ear piercings since you've pierced them (like I haven't) they're not going to fit. However if you have, I imagine they're really beautiful if they'd fit!I ordered this larger than I wear and still it was too tight. So if you wear a 14 order a 18It didn't look exactly like the color on the screen. It is pretied and the clip is just a simple metal clip- nothing fancy. Adequate but not what I would wear for a super nice event. I would consider this more of a young boys tie than adult bow tie.I originally ordered this bag in the Red Plum color, but returned it because it simply didn't go with the red in my clothes. Then I ordered the Granite. Just simply too drab and I returned it as well. I do like the bag itself and the compartments it offers, but I wasn't happy with the colors.

I had a smaller Hobo crossbody bag that I had used for so many years it was starting to fall apart. I wanted a slightly larger bag and this one fits the bill perfectly. The only thing I do not like is that I would have preferred a true red (not available) rather than this raspberry color.I really like the boots but the lace holder on top snapped maybe 3 months after buying them , I've tried gluing it but it keeps coming off.
Other wise they are goodThis fit but was a little large.  Fabric is a little thinner than I would have liked.This shoe is extremely comfortable. It's fit is as one would expect.Shoes looked egg she'll color. Looked like they had been in warehouse for a long timeThe underwire seems to overpower the bottom strap, so bowing underneath is inevitable from what I've experienced. The back clasp also feels obvious and uncomfortable. The best parts of this bra are the straps and coverage. Other than that it isn't quite worth it for me.Love these pants received lots of compliments want to purchase a different colorNot as they appeared.I really wanted to like these sandals especially because of all the good reviews but I just didn't like them. First they run small so if you are going to buy these go a size up. Second they are very hard and not at all comfortable to walk on. I wore them around my house for a bit to see if I could live with them but they made my feet hurt after only a couple minutes. Third the straps are so thin on these sandals that they dig into the top of your feet and leave marks. Thankfully they were easy to return :)hello. For more than two months to buy some boots and I have not even want to know who has shipped Pado, coupled with this I have sent the traking number, I need to know what happened, agraezco response on the matterThis Croc did not fit like the last pair we bought, my husband did not feel like they were made rightFirst, the good. This suitcase is extremely tough, and extremely lightweight. You'll have to check it at the gate (it's a bit larger than a standard carryon, but not too unwieldy), you'll glide all the way there, since the wheels are 365 degrees of flawless. However, I do have a few issues with this luggage. First of all, I still don't know how to reset the lock. It's still set at the factory default because the complete directions were nowhere to be found with the case packaging, or even online. In addition, it's awkward to pack. I'm used to deep case with an expandable zip top. This suitcase has no give due to it's tough shell. It's no expandable, and has no give, so you absolutely cannot cram things into it. It's two-sized design allows you to zip up a limited amount into one side, and strap down a limited amount of cargo into the other. And since there's a zippered cloth barrier between each side, you can pack anything that's as deep as the full depth of the case, unless you get pretty creative. I took this on a weekend trip and found this out the hard way. Lastly, it's awkward to move it, if the case is open. My old suitcase? Even if it was unzipped, I could cart it from the bed to the dresser. With this suitcase, I have to zip it up again before moving it anywhere.

Final call: buy this only if you must have a really sturdy, yet very lightweight case to check at the gate.I like the fabric but the size a bit large for me.They hurt my feet more the longer I wear them,  Had to give them away to a lady with swollen feet.  She cant' wear them long either.  They push you forward and your balance is off.  I wanted a show that would balance me toward the heal, not make my toes balance me.  Feel too forward on the walk and hurt the front of my feet.I know they are costume but really they hurt you feet immediately.....returned them.They are extremely uncomfortable.  They went great with my outfit though.  Bottoms were slippery and the shoe was very narrowThese pants are great.  They're a tiny bit too small but body my shape is.... weird, so the pant pulls up a little.  I ended up buying 2 more pairs and Hope to lose a few so the pants will feel better.OK given the price.  My legs turned blue for a day the first time I wore them.I have purchase Bailey 44 tops before and never came across the issue I had with this one - the cut must have been way off, because the faux leather material was way too small compared to the fabric piece.  Ended up returningMy envelope showed up empty.Nice lightweight hoodie. Very comfortable.Son loves this brand and this shoeGreat quality.  Only problem was the picture of jeans made the color look a little closer to light stone washThese trunks are comfortable and look fairly fashionable, though they are not slimming. The shorts are fairly long (at knee length) and baggy. They have nice secure pockets. They have a nice quality mesh inside as well. I wear a 32" waist at the hip and these medium shorts were almost too big. Almost. They fit my waist but if I were any slimmer they'd have fallen off. I wear a solid medium in most all clothes.Comfortable and easy to walk inIt's ok; you can't stuff it with a wad of bills because it won't close. Good for someone broke.Fantastic dress for a little slut!  Not so fantastic for a young lady.This is the second pair of the Timberland  Titan work boots I have ordered, and overall, I am really happy with them.  They are true to size, require no breaking in time, and are really comfortable.  One small issue, the felt- like cloth on the inner heel wears out rather quickly.  Still, as someone who spends all day on their feet, working in the service industry, I highly recommend these boots.These sandals wouldn't fit over my husband's feet. They were definitely a woman's fit since they fit me just fine.The product arrived on time and properly packaged. The size was perfect however the zipper was broken.
My son(15 years old) was happy with it but I could not ignore the broken zipper which will need to be replaced resulting additional money for repairs. I  would have given this seller 5 stars as my son loves the fatigues however since the item arrived with a broken zipper I could only justify 3 stars.
I feel an item should be examined for defect and problem rectified prior  to shipping.Bottom was to small top was to big.. not a good fit for me at all..boytom quality was nice top was really stiffReally pretty! However its too small for my head so my hair sticks out at the back and it looks really thin without the pigtails on.This shirt is pretty cool. It has more of a running tech shirt feel to it, which is nice for staying cool throughout the day. The color and the shirt itself seem to be a little different, but I think it adds to the character of the shirt. You can look at the attached pictures to see what I mean. The size runs a little small, but hardly noticeable. It washed up well and I noticed no fading or color bleed.

I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review.Perfect for Florida summers.Their beautiful but unfortunately didn't fit since I have narrow feet bummed out because looking forward wearing theseThe coat and vest are not too bad for the price but the shirt looks cheaply made. It is almost see through.This is brief: by looks of the photo, the symbol on the front appears more green-ish than the deep blue that it is in the anime.  Also, why the obtrusive 'Pokemon' logo on the back?  It makes it too obvious that the hat in question is, if you're trying to wear it casually wherever.  Good luck trying to remove it, if you want, without tearing up the surface.  If you can get over those stigmas, this is the best Ash hat from the latest anime seasons you can do for a reasonable price.I liked it ever since I saw this watch in the movie "Non-stop". Ordered it but it was too large for me to wear. Had to return it. It looked really cool though besides that it was too big for me.Less than 2 weeks and they are not tight hole in them terribleThis is a perfect gift to my cute sister-in-law's cute little angel.I love the style, fit and color. The fabric is very forgiving however if you want a drapier look, go ahead and size upI read a lot of reviews here that these shoes run big - they do not! I am a 71/2 in heels, so I ordered the 7- could not even get them on, they were so tight I feel like I would have to go a full size up. Returning, but I won't order them again because the bottom felt really hard and like it would be uncomfortable. Probably fine for women who are used to wearing heels every day. The color was really pretty, nude with a hint of pink.I ordered a medium, because the reviews said it runs large, and that was correct for.  I'm 5'9" and the sleeves are a bit long.  Fabric is pretty thin.very happy as this wheeled underseater is a great case.The fit is small, probably by 1 whole size. Will only get a few washes before I can't wear it anymoreThe size was fine but it was burned damaged a disaster I'm not happyWorked very well for what it was needed for!So much cuter in person!! Runs a little larger in size, but totally adorable!Don't like how this fits. Runs small. I returned it.I just had casual attire expectations for this one and it fits the bill. I couldn't imagine getting it in my own size, which is a 6. That would probably have been skin tight and very unattractive.This ring was beautiful and the fit was good. The only reason for the four stars is that the amethyst color was too light. Amethyst is a dark purple, and the color of this ring was more of a lavender.The lock gives a little problem to open and inside material cheap. However it still works for me.Zipper sticks and the wristlet came off and I've had to reset it.Buyer beware - this hat does not block UV light.  I bought the 3XL and I am happy that it fits, but the whole reason for buying this hat was for sun protection, and my face and ears are still getting sunburned while wearing it.  The hat is 100% cotton and cotton only blocks about 5% of the total UV light from the sun, and I have the burnt skin to prove it.  I am going to purchase the Sun Guard laundry treatment and see if that helps.Bought this as a gift after hours of searching online. This one was very well-made but the recipient was disappointed that there weren't a lot of inside pockets/sections (no fault of the manufacturer, just wasn't what he was looking for). Definitely a great product and size for the price.Needed the wide width, and had a hard time finding in storei would of gave it 5 stars but it runs to smallGreat concept, but the 3six Five the legs are too loose and they ride up.  I prefer the vibe better.The top was too large and fit really weird.  The cupcakes were smashed upon arrival.Didn't fit properlySomeone rated this as a small for the fit so order a size up. I'm glad I did because they are definitely fitted. Despite that, the jacket is very well made (beyond worth what I paid for it) and I love the pockets and the detailed venting panels in the back. This is a gift for my bro and I know he will love it!!! I would definitely recommend them and shop with Mounrain Made again!The quality of these panties are not good. I just wear a few times and now the crotch had some holes.Fade,fadefade! Every thing in the wash machine became PINK!!!I purchased this watch after using cloth, nylon and velcro strap watches in the past. Perfect for swimming, not a lady's classy, lets-go-on-a-romantic-dinner watch, but awesome nonetheless with plenty of features. I finally have a very reasonably priced watch that can take my lifestyle day and night. I can scrub it down at the end of a grueling day or swim laps with it, no problem. Great product, I thought, Timex comes through. After a few months the indiglo light went out and if I got it anywhere near water the face steams up.

As above, the indiglo light stopped working. The rubber strap cracked and broke in a year. Needing a watch, I bought another one pronto, and same thing happened. I perused watches with cloth and they were/are spendier than the rubber. Don't like the feel of the resin, or the flop of Velcro. I've worn watches since college so it's a habit I won't likely give up. Just hate losing a great timepiece because of the strap that's guaranteed to fail. Buying the replacement strap is pretty cheap. Took it to a watch and clock shop for a quick word of advice before spending anymore. The guy said, don't buy the replacement straps. Watches are cheap, just get another. So, all I get now are 10 dollar watches. They last just as long.This is a great style (look/fashion/appearance) but it doesn't cushion like a real sneaker. :(  Eh.I was a little disappointed that the band around the top of the sock was tight. I thought it would be a loose fit that would still stay up. They are fine if you fold them over but if you want the added waemth they are not too comfortable.A+++I bought this ring for my husband as his wedding band. He wore it and went through regular routines, nothing intense, but the ring looks like its been run over by a car. It is all scratched up, and looks terrible. I would not recommend this ring to anyone. I am going to seek a refund or replacement.Great quality at a fantastic price. Once I'm done with the batch I bought I'll be coming back for more of these.I really wish Crocs had half-sizes. Having ordered Crocs before, I knew that the 7 would be a bit snug, but the 8 doesn't fit at all. Overall, this sandal is great! It's comfortable for my feet, as I have plantar fasciitis. Good buy.Fit as expected. Returned because I found cheaper else where.Fits as excpectedLots of room, simple but cute lookNice giftPretty but much smaller than I expected.  Perfect for stacking though.size was not correctThe top is large (I'm a 36 b/c, 5'2" 112 lbs) but the bottoms fit perfectly. This is the opposite of the problem I usually have (top too tight but bottoms fit).  The top will fit with a light padding, but this bikini is much skimpier than I expected. No lining/padding on top, so there will be no mystery when cold. :)Very thin. Will bend when picking up heavy stuffI've been through the route of buying the big name products endorsed by big stars who are paid big bucks, in this case, shoes.  Since using New Balance, I haven't looked elsewhere.  The price is right, the fit is great, however the left shoe has an annoying 'click' sound from the heel with each step which I had hoped would go away with more use.  It hasn't after only casual wear 4 or 5 times, but when I checked on the return process, I discovered that I missed the deadline by 8 days, which was on August 16th.  Needless to say, it's a large disappointment.I was really worried ordering this shirt in my size (2x), so after reading the reviews I went with purchasing two of the the 3x. I ordered a blue and the neutral color. Once I received the items, I was happy and upset. The company apparently sent me the same color for both blouses.

On a positive note, this blouse is very nice and covers those pesky trouble areas. To help you make a better decision on buying this blouse, I'm 5'9 and normall wear 2x, but the 3x seems to give me the room in the arms. I would suggest one size up if you want a little give.  I would give this five stars, however, the order mistake kept this from being a 5 star review. I'll have to rectify the order and post at a later time on the blue once I receive the item. Stay posted.Will have to see how they hold up, but so far, the fit seems great, and they are very comfortable when out chasing all things nature with my camera!Looks nothing like the picture. Cheap looking dress. I won't wear this anywhere!Decent shoe. But size L (9.5-10.5) wasn't even close to being large enough for my size 10 feet.some wat unmatched but looks pretty coolI think this purse is great for busy moms. Its big enough to carry a bunch on stuff but still looks cool. You can place it around your neck and to the side so that you have two free hands to hold the kidsTHE DESCRIPTION SAYS THAT YOU'LL  RECEIVE A POCKET  WATCH WITH A UNIQUE  STYLE  CHAIN...
 SO ONE WOULD ASSUME THAT THERES IS  NO REAL DESCRIPTION OF WHAT THAT CHAIN WILL BE HOWEVER YOU EXPECT A CHAIN!
 I GOT A LEATHER LIKE SHOELACE.Although I will still wear this jacket, I don't like how boxy the shoulders are.GOODThis has been a good overall product so far. I purchased 3 of this product because I own a few soft hand rolled pretzel store and we run digital marketing slide shows on all the TVs in the store(s) using 2 iPod touches in each store. I needed something that my managers could keep them locked up in during use through out the day while remaining easily accessible and also while not being used at night so thieves such as mall security officers can't steal them.

So far I feel the Pacsafe has done the trick, the only thing I would have like better is if the design was less rigid. it's a very stiff bag so there is no way to tuck the thing away very discretely at all. Other than that, I love it.Lightweight, which makes them easy for my 18 month old to walk in.Singer requested this shoe horn because of problem with his back. I had never heard of one in this length. Worked perfectly!Very disappointed.  Bought one for my granddaughter also.  She
was not satisfied either.  Buckle keeps coming unhooked.  Not happy
with this purchase.Nice shoesVery nice rugged jeans. I would buy them again. The fit is not too baggy and they are heavy weight.1 star is too much for this product cheap cotton shirt with fr painted on it. RIP OFFthe black wool got spread around my foot everywhereWorth every pennyI usually wear a 6-6.5, had to return and get 7 to fit properlyBought for my Grandson - he loves them. Wears them around the house and in the snow. Can't get any better than that!This is a hilarious custome its funny and accurate as seller stated. I can't wait for Halloween it going to be a blast with this.The New Balance 770 is a lighter shoe than what I usually where. However, I am on a budget these days, and the price was right. At the moment the lightness of the shoe is freaking me out a bit since I have a habit of developing injuries, but I could see myself getting use to the light weight if I remain injury free.Package was crushedThese were good as water shoes and a lightweight beach shoe. The stones do get stuck in the bottom, but they fit well and are good for travel, not taking up alot of space or weight. Also I do not think they will fall apart after a couple wearings.I really like this ring and have had a lot of nice comments about it.  But I have had it a week and one of the stones has fallen out.  I will contact the seller to see what I can doNot quite the impact that I expected for the price. Some of the chain links needed a little work to straighten out. Chain could be longer. No windows inside to protect pictures.

Gift wrapping was not worth the cost.Very cozy and well fitting slippers good for inside and out love the grey color tooIt's beautiful but I wish it had come in 16 g. 14 g is to small for me.The forms are larger than advertised, and they are quite hard. Their shape is good, although the nipples could be larger. I returned them to the seller, who was very helpful. 5 stars for her.Cute but not for mesleeves a bit short.  This is the second time I reviewed this shirtThey weren't true to sizeThree months in, the seam around waist had a three inch split above front pocket.Needs to be a bit looser under the arms other than that it actually looks and feels like an actual wife beaterLove the quality of Tatami products I'm 6 ft 170lb large fits perfect.cute, but cheap looking. dress with jeans maybeI purchased these shoes for travel but they never would of worked going through airport security.Awesome gloves! Very warm and soft inside!I love it. It fits like I hoped it would. The only thing that I didn't like was the belt isn't that long. But I do love itToo short nothing like the image, it's not long wide & flowing the way it looks. You have to be a very short small person to appreciate this dress. It's very poorly made, so I cut the lace part of the top & wore it as a shirtAs advertised, would recommend!
Idk how the bars will age but we'll seeNice every day ring alternative to a real diamond eternity band.  Snug, comfortable fit, if you like a little loose, order 1/2 size up.Wanted something I could slip on the run to the store that looked a little more like a sandal.  The rhinestones are cute and it works in that way.  The sole is very comfortable also.  However the straps are very large and sit high above my foot.  It's an extremely loose fit.  I cannot imagine anyone would have a foot that fat!  In any case they were not ordered in a "wide", so should have fit a regular medium foot.  So they are not something I would wear to go out for a whole day, or do any amount of walking in.It does it's job, but it smells like fish. Not trying to be mean, just does. I have been airing it out.ok!Cheap! you get what you pay for.Reebok completely screwed the pooch when they took the design from Converse, they are horrible.  I went through several pairs of the original Converse design, which is how I know how bad these are.Wear comfortable, very lightpretty colorMy daughter got these for prom and loved them. They are not too big but are very sparkly.amazing my daughter just love it
great quality and it fits perfectlyI bought a brown one and a white one. The white one was almost see through and fit smaller than the brown one. It got even shorter and tighter after I washed it. Wore it once and now I will have to get rid of it. Ugh...material is good but its not a free size material its looking very smallworked great for my sons costume..Hilarious. Never in my life was a B cup too small. I'll trade it in for a C and my daughters and I can have a good laugh.

Looks well made and minimally padded, which is my preference.Very soft leather, good size wallet.Ride up and are not made for muscular thighsI was sent a sterling silver one and NOT a gold plated over SS charm. I am sending it back.Even though I wear a 42D this was SO big, cups anyway. I'm returning.This shoe is quite cute, but I was expecting a more toned down color (Champagne).  This shoe is not champagne, it is a very bold gold.  The glitter does come off on your hand, foot and anything else it comes in contact with.  The styling is unique and eye catching, but you should expect a glitzy gold shoe; which was a bit much for me.Whereas I do like the ring because I bought it to replace my original wedding ring which was very old and broke apart from wear a d was unable to be repaired, I am very disappointed that within one week of wearing it, the top of the ring has become scraped, not from hard use, but simply from washing a small amount of daily dishes for one person.  I'm now afraid to have our three initials engraved on it because I think the gold may be too soft.  Oh well, what can one do; but I shall continue to wear it because of the memories it represents to me (especially as I am a new widow).  Otherwise I have no complaints.  The ring arrived on the date promised, it came in a little box of its own, and was properly packaged.The fit was only like 50% of as expected and it didn't look like the picture on the order page. Otherwise the material was nice and the Garment was nicely made just didn't fit and didn't look like what I thought it would.Great watch. Great product. Everything I expected it to be. Get lots of comments on it.The fit is a bit wide. I will wear them  do do errands and work in the yard. They are not terrible but not my favo. Price was good.
But they look kinda cheap. You get what you pay for.As a plus-size woman, I find it extremely difficult to find "normal" size bras in most stores. And while I do shop at places like Lane Bryant and Avenue, sometimes their bras just aren't as comfortable as I would like. As for ordering? Well, too many bras by too many makers mean it's a crapshoot whether anything will fit, and then you're stuck sending things back. So it was on a whim and a prayer that I gave this one a shot - and I'm so pleased that I did.

The bra itself fit *much* better than I anticipated, particularly with the worry about sizing. The straps are unusual, they way they are stretchy - but it means comfort rather than cutting into the skin. They don't slide at all, which is nice. The hook-and-eye closures are covered by fabric, so they don't cut into the skin when leaning back into a chair. And the cups fit perfectly - no weird bunching or lines at the exact places where you *wouldn't* want those things. Overall, I'm extremely pleased with this bra, and I've already bookmarked it for future purchases.If they say that your order is being processed, it may in fact be out of stock, as I found out the hard way.  The are not truthful and may not respond, as the other reviewer and I both found out.this item is of very low quality, it look much better in the pic than in real.
before i wear it the yellow line started to slipsReceived nothing but an empty case!Fits TTS, however, the colors are not as pictured.Bought the brown at the same time as the gray and black.  The gray and black fit great, finally pants that don't fall down.  The brown are too tight and barely button.  Nice pants, unfortunate that there is no quality control.  Same style, same size, different color, and they don't fit.  Frustrating.I'm wearing them, and not complaining, which says a lot.  I dislike socks that aren't comfortable, are pilled or rough.  These seem to be holding up.I bought this as a gift. It's much larger than expected which was a great thing but the material is not what I was hoping for.Good quality..fits very small..lining is too small!Needed a size larger, but it isn't available.  Pity, it's a nice shirt.Super comfy. Something to wear on the weekends with tights and cute jewelry. I layered it with a black tank underneath which made it look better!Seems a little cheaply madeThe breaking Bad as shown in the photo is not what I received. On the T-shirt I received, the breaking bad text was in all black, which makes it hardly visible on the gray T-shirt. I know this is not one off defective T-shirt, because I returned it and re-ordered. Yet received the same thing.Not really palazzo pants at all. No flowing fabric. It's like wearing tights with a bellbottom. Very very disappointed.big then claimed cheaply madeCompression is one thong but this is ridiculous! It is also very hear to put on with a million hooks and eyesThese shoes are just as beautiful in person as they are in the picture. I bought them in the natural combo. The sizing seemed ever so slightly bigger than usual but since you can adjust the strap length, they fit just fine- so I would stick with your normal size. The arch of your ankle is comfortable in these shoes because of the platform. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the open toe part digs into your toe and can become painful after wearing them all day. It's not so bad though that I would avoid wearing these shoes again.. perhaps they'll get better after being broken in some more. Overall, this shoe is great and I would purchase them again!This shoe is very comfortable. Got them for work. Have had others of this brand, but different style, though still a mule. My only complaint is they run a little short compared to their other style number. Would buy again, but would go up 1/2 a sizeI've purchased several pairs of Yellow Box flip flops over the past few years and have loved every pair and they fit well. However, this style fit completely different - the footbed was very narrow and the toe space was extra long. I've returned this pair.the mask came cracked and the lightsaber didn't work
but it did its job for my sons bdayI went up a whole size per other reviews and they fit well. they are beautiful shoes  but a little stiff. I expect to break them in soon and they will be perfect!the shirt was itchy.  idont know what kind of fabric it was.  it was also too thin material.They fit well, but when I unpacked them they had a very strong moth ball, dollar store smell and I figure it was because they were new. Washed them many times and the smell has diminished but it is still there. Family members spent time in China and brought back cheap knock offs of name brand items. These jeans fabric and smell have the knock off feel.Fabric is a bit catchy and stiff so I returned itAlthough the size chart says to order a size smaller when you have half sizes it seems to me that they run small.Hat is a bit largeOnline I thought this was a very special piece. I was looking for a statement necklace for a speaking engagement. The cord makes it more casual than I was looking for.Beautiful but big in realityI love these, I usually wear sandals all summer long, but wanted something to feel more supported and keep my feet cleaner.  I love how comfortable these feel, I do not even have to break them in, then were instantly comfortable.  They look great with shorts, pants or capris.  The only con, I tried them on in a store before buying online, so I knew I needed a half size smaller than I probably would have originally ordered online.The stone looks plastic.  Beautiful design,  but wish it was a more realistic looking stone.I ordered what I thought was 1X Petite.  It is huge.I really liked this corset!  I used it for my wedding and it fit very well.  I got the small size and it fit snug and nicely at my 5'5" 130 lbs.  I would definitely buy it again!I bought this sandal in black and taupe.  My feet are a little wide--not wide enough for a large width (C) all the time but sometimes a little wide for a medium (B).  The black pair fit perfectly but this pair was a little tight around the toes.  If I could adjust the strap around the toe area they would be perfect.  Saw the sandals on the internet and thought they were pretty cute but should have noticed they couldn't be adjusted -- my fault, not Clarks.Item as described.I really like it. It matches my dress perfectly!!
No too big , not too smallI don't like the type of knit material used, and the sewing could be better, there was krinkles at the bottom, not a smooth seam.nice but size run a little small.It's longer then I thought but still a pretty skirt!I love itAlways have had a problem with saggy britches. Considered  suspenders a few times and always thought no. Then I got a pair, and Bam!. My pants don't saggy any longer. So comfortable no pinching and best part. Not constantly pulling up my pants while shopping, walking the dogs or anything. I love these things!Already faded after a few washes. But good enough around house. Its thin and perfect for the Tucson desert winter.The backpack seemed sturdier online but it proved to be OK, not as strong as I thought it would be.Nice color. Runs at a bit smaller but very cute.Although this gown has silver-colored sequence over a wine-colored dress, it doesn't "clash." Everyone thinks it's a beautiful gown, and exactly as depicted here.  I'm very busty but shapely so the satin band in the waist makes it very flattering.  I did have to take it for alterations since it was too long for me (I'm short) and to take it in from the top.  They did a wonderful job, so now it looks like the gown was made for me.  This dress has a train (which I got rid of, because I like dancing and I thought it will be in the way) but you can keep it if it's the right length, it makes the dress look more elegant.The costume mateiral is of low quality. I was worried whether it would last for just one-evening use. I would not buy it again.We loved themthe shorts are a little thinner for Dickies they ripped in the ass with in a month not durable like original Dickies will not buy againHave had two that the braids break or fall out great product besides that but when the braids break they are really sharp and catch on everythingTuxedo was dirty. There was a huge stain on the left side of the vest. Clearly this item had been used and then returned. Returned it right away!!! Runs very very large from what we could see. Didnt even get it out of the packaging it was so big and stained. Could not use for our baby blessing. Very Disappointed.I did not receI've it.loved the costume but it was unfortunately missing the two flight pins -- had to go buy some at a costume storeNice feelvery very good looking and high quality vest, would recommend to anyone looking for vest.The posts are super long, which make it awkward to wear as they seem to sag forward from the weight. I don't wear these anymore.I DIDN'T LIKE THIS WATCH AT ALL I COULDN'T GET THE BAND ON RIGHT AND THE WATCH WENT DEAD TWO WEEKS LATER.I believe these claimed to be "tall" shorts. At 6'4" these were more like wearing tight boxer shorts. They weren't true to size and they certainly aren't made for men with long legs.You need to have very skinny biceps for those to fit.Nice looking shades and good protective case.  Vision is not as good as some other glasses I've had, some for a bit less dinero.  They are very secure on your temples while still comfortable.These fit well, but in person just looked very cheap, particularly in the sole. It looks like pink plastic. The suede also looks very cheap and fake. They're relatively comfortable, but the low price of these shoes shows in the design. Not recommended.they are very beautifulIts actually appears to be pretty nice quality.  The problem is that a few of my coworkers thought it was really cute and not tacky at all.
But I ordered an XXL and was unable to wear it because it was too small.  Really fit more like a Large.  Really sad.We loved these shoes.  They have been durable enough to wear in the Pacific Northwest over the rainy fall.I purchased two of these in July 2013, one for myself and one as a gift.  The gold-tone finish lasted about 8 months of normal use and the coin and supporting ring fell off today, April 2014.  I gave the other as a gift to someone here in Bangladesh who probably thinks it represents American quality since it's an American coin.  I'm a bit embarrassed.  Glad he doesn't carry it everyday like I did.  Maybe his will last longer as a memento verses mine that was to be functional.

I had a similar clip that was of much better quality but lost it, this was a replacement.  Not a good one.Fast delivery! Great product. Fits wonderfully, and looks fantastic.It's like a sock... I returned them because we didn't need them. Especially if we were going to a beach with much more rocky sandI wasn't crazy about this necklace. I feel the chain really didn't match the pendant. As for the pendant, I wasn't thrilled by that either. I like Little Kitty, just not this necklace.would have been better if they were a little larger.S***ty chineese sizes not us sizes. XXL is a medium.The dress is pretty but the fabric is thin. It tore the second day i got it under the armI have to return mine. I bought 1 for myself and 1 for my mom.  It might just be fine for some women but I usually need a bulkier wallet.  It was just too tight for me.  It was close to impossible to put a credit card in every sleeve. I had to leave one sleeve empty or else I'd run the risk of tearing it or it was simply just not possible. I usually place my checkbook (without the cover) in my wallet.  This wallet did not allow me to do so.  I like the fact that it's leather but because I would have to stretch it just so I can fit everything I need in it and again, run the risk of tearing it.caused my feet to have burning painsOrdered all black socks and black socks with colored stripes was sent to me.cute dress, especially for the colder months. it is nice and thick, with a fleece backing. I am 5' 9", 190lb, and it hit about 4-5 inches above my knee. the only issue, is that it rides up when you walk. would be great with leggings and boots.Nice shirt!A gift for a teen wild about One Direction!  I sent charms as well! Sent via mail - I think the teen likes it!Great quality just ran a bit smaller than expected.Lovely slippers. Comfy and cozy. They are sloppy tho because they are 7-8. The rubber bottoms catch on the carpet and I've had some mishaps because of these things. However, easy to get in and out of, which I wanted. I just wear a pair of footies or socks with them and all is well.LikeNot beefy enoughTerrible blisters from these shoes. Tried wearing them a few times and I got blisters every time. Would not recommendLOVE!I bought this as a gift.  He loved it.  It was very well made lots of great detail and featuresI originally purchased these shorts for my 5 year old daughter to wear with her tball uniform tshirt.  The quality of the shorts seemed great and they appeared to be well made.  However, they are somewhat short and very tight compared to other shorts.  So much so that they are only used as pajama shorts at this point.  My daughter does have somewhat long legs, which I took into account when deciding what size to order.  In the end, these have held up and still look good after being washed several times. They are really cute, so it's sad that they've been turned into pajamas.Waaaaaay too small. We bought 4T's and these were closer to smaller-than-3T's. They're going back. Wah waaaaaah.exelentI like these shoes, they look slick and stylish (suede is classic and thus always trendy), but unfortunately they fit and feel a bit smaller and more narrow than their size (10). I guess I needed to order at least half a size larger or in a wide width. I think Skechers should revise their size tables and metrics. Therefore I gave only 3 stars.If you cut them down and paint them to match your skin tone, they look pretty believable.Is not the color that I was expectingSOMEWHAT LARGE. BUT I LIKED.I have multiple pair of this RN number; however, Lee obviously mislabeled the size.  All of my other pairs fit; but, this one, is a size or two too small.Too smallThe finish was awful. I had to return it as soon as i received it since it looked as an unfinished product. The straps were lose too.Super cute! I'm giving it 3 stars because the sides stick out around the breast area when you tie it around the neck. Need to wear like a jean jacket with it.I like this dress, only got 3 stars, a little large around the arm holes.Too largeVery cute, and great quality! Kid loves it!Perfect coat and awesome pattern!! Very warm and great for cold Iowa winters!Jacket is super cute and fits well - it's the quality that is lacking.  My daughter has only worn it a couple of times and it has lost a couple of buttons.Not at ALL like the picture, has none of the fem drape picture implies, bout half the fabric I'd guess as wellGreat item but shipping was 4 month and 10 daysNice comfortableThey fit way small. Order a wide version if you must (I never had to order a wide width before, but I did to compare to the medium). Quality is not a great as other brands (leather was thin and laces looked really cheap). Someone with severe overpronation should not wear this as the wedge/sole is thinner than width of foot (which Vionic should have considered). Vionic is overrated, maybe their sandals are better.quality somewhat goodThere is a cloth like covering on the bottom that is coming off. No noticeable difference in wearability.Ugly... Shines like a diamond or something.... Just not what I was wanting...SuckToo small.I bought these for my son & hubby & we all love the graphics. Very well make & easy to what this represents, Christian values. They do run a size small, had to exchange, but definitely worth the the extra time. I've ordered more of this brand since..I like the dress very much, fits as expected and it's very comfortablenice quality, wish it had a little bigger credit card pocketsThe only things I like about these shorts are they're comfy but the style isn't flattering unless you don't have any tummy fat which I unfortunately do! The high waist emphasizes the tummy so I only wear them with my shirt untucked. If it wasn't such a hassle to do returns, I'd return them. Unless your a perfect "10" kinda woman, don't buy these!!Very pretty dress, but it runs very large.  A size small, is really an x-large in US sizing.  Luckily, I am able to have it taken in with the help of a seamstress.  Also, it is very sheer even with the built in slip.  So, plan to wear a full body slip.  I rate this dress only two stars since I had to have a seamstress re-do the dress.I did not like this ring.  It is a very beautiful ring, but it didn't turn out to be my style. True to the size too.The reviews said that this runs small and to order a size larger than normal, so I did and they are enormous!  They look like a 2XL, so I'm sure the medium would also be too large.  The front is bulky and the crotch hangs low.  Returned.Very nice and so comfortable. Bought a second pair in case they stop making them, which always happens when you find a good product. The soles are very durable to step outside to get the mail. The insole is comfy, even if it does smash down over time. I'm taking one star off because the pattern on one shoe has noticeably less spots than the other. My first pair was purchased at a nice dept. store and the pattern was consistent - wondered if these were considered rejects? Still OK to wear around the house, tho.Not what I expected comfort wise as I can only last 2 hours in these due to orthotics issues.  Nice looking but definitely not an all-day shoe and you must wear socks with them as they cause your feet to sweat.This is extremely small , and I useful for anything other than a diaper bag at best.The design and material is nice and soft but unfortunately it was too small. I even ordered an extra large but when I put it on it was too tight. Now I could only imagine now that I washed it.I have worn 1 inch for about 6 years now and have been wearing the same jewelry for most of that time. I got these to switch it up a little and when I put them in they don't seem to open all of the way and I cannot wear them.I loved the cross but chain  seemed low quality.  I did change the chain.  But overall I was satisfied with the purchase.Smaller than advertised.This shirt will fit my 12 year old. I am so disappointed in the sizing. I ordered a ladies 2xl trying to order a size up and the t-shirt I received looks like a kid's size. I will never order this brand again and I do not recommend it.Way too small cuts into your skin...and company wants you to pay $8.50 to return it...if you want a full refund...and will not give you a label...Horrible colors. Good thing I wear pants all of the time.I own four pair of Privos and love their comfort. For the most part, they have been true to size except for their flats (slip-ons) from last year. I couldn't resist the new Mesas - absolutely cute!

It would appear that Clarks/Privo was corrected their shoe sizing for their Privo flats. The first pair of flats I bought last year were a half size too big; I'm stuck with those. Thinking the Mesas might again run large, I ordered a half size down. They're too small. Now I have to re-order my usual size.

This size discrepancy is coming out of my pocket for Amazon.com return shipping back and forth.

Order your usual size.Color totally different. Much darker than described.It's OK.  Would have preferred it look more like the original.  Almost purchased an original, but they're about 50 years old.  This one, though a little too large, will have to do.Shirt was cute, but too smallLove the material!!!Loved this show growing up and still love to watch it as I've grown up, this shirt is of good quality and fit me just right.Very good quality l but doesn't stay closedbought this for a your girl she is over the moon about it.Love this suit- a tiny bit big in the top, but I kept it anyway because it's so cute. I just tied the back knot tighter and it was fine.Going on my fourth pair of Sambas now, I must say these are my favorite shoes I've owned. Being a long-time fan of the soccer style of shoe, this was my pair of choice for a good everyday shoe back when I was 8 years old. This shoe offers good arch support for those long days on my feet at work.
My current pair has lasted me a decade (through High School and College). I have finally worn a hole in the heel side of the sole which lets water in if I step in a puddle, and the suede in some parts is worn smooth, but with a coat of carefully applied shoe polish, they don't look more than two or three years old.

This is definitely a timeless shoe. The colors (Black and White) never go out of style, and it's nice to see this shoe being worn by more people these days.barley lights up numbers aren't as bright basically a big black disaster i hate it i kept returning it and getting new ones but still only half of it lights up what a waste of money do not purchaseDont like the thin part under stones thought it would be solid
DwightWORSEArrived quickly and looked as pictured.I bought these because my first pair broke. They were so cute I could not resist. Now I'm disappointed because the second pair are missing gems.Came in a plastic "ziploc" type bag, didn't look new, tried to shine it up with no luckjust beautiful, I loved it this is a medium sizeThey are beautiful but the fabric is flimsy so the shoe doesn't retain its shapefabric light, just fine. collar had very stiff layer inside, too stiff for a lightweight shirt.I had to purchase these pants for a job and I was a little behind schedule so I just ordered the first one I found for the cheapest price I could find. Despite this, I would gladly recommended these. I work in a fast food diner-style kitchen and there isn't much time to worry about staying clean and tidy so these pants got dirty very quickly. However, they were very stain resistant and a quick wash destroyed any evidence of stains. They were also pretty water resistant which was a nice plus. On top of everything, they were pretty comfortable and kept my legs at a constant temperature, not too cold, not too warm.

My only complaint would be that they were a bit long. There were only choices of small, medium and large. Keeping in mind my height (511) I consulted the sizing chart and chose the suggested size which was a medium (the 32 waist suggested a medium). With the elastic waistband I could tighten the waist but my ankles were left exposed. This really wasn't a huge issue but when it came to mopping the floor my ankles became a bit moist which was unfortunate.

Otherwise, these pants were very comfortable, useful and excellent for the price that I bought them for.Comfy, but the strap on one ripped after only a few uses. Also, gives me the dreaded uni-boob, like a sports bra, which isn't very flattering.I like my shoes but the fur in the back after a few wears is already coming apart.the only reason i chose to buy Nike from here is because ive always worn a size 12. these fit like 11.5.This shirt arrived super fast, nicely packaged and as expected. One star off as the shirt feels a bit thin but I can't comment for sure since it's a gift and yet to be washed. Overall I would definitely order from this seller again!This is the third straight year I've purchased Nimbus By Asics.  It's the best shoe I've found for running and walking both indoors (treadmill) and out.Runs very smallStylish. Sadly, 1st bravely broke in a matter of days, and second a month or two later. True to its price.The shoulders were a bit snug to get into, but once it's on it's fine.  Perfect for quick dirty jobs around the house.  I got the large tall, I'm 6'2" and ~230 pounds.The light that it was over 50 lbs did not work Son loves these. Actually stay on his little feet compared to other slippers we have tried.Perfect!!Not sure why this fit smaller than the black one but it's not too badRing is much smaller than it appears in pictureNo support, but that was expected. However after just a few wears, the toe came unglued. I usually expect even junky shoes to last me at least one season, but these didn't. $1 flip flops are better made.They can tell you the measurement but don't believe them. I am 1X/2X so got bigger size 3X/4X and I think they could fit my teenager granddaughter who is a size 8!  They certainly do not fit me!Great shirtMaterial was way too thin for bikiniThese are marked 7.5W, which is what I ordered.  However, these are not wide at all.  My daughter who wears 7.5 Narrow can not get these on.This tote is actually a little bigger than I thought. It was  great for my vacation and I was able to pack all I needed in this bag. It looks just  like the picture. Very sporty.

Exceeded my expectations.unfortunate the pants keep sagging down when I walked and I ripped them the first day after tugging them up 50 times.good itemThis company needs to get a quality assurance team together fast. I love the shirts and material, however, the sizing is all over the place. If its no too large or small, its too short. Sam issue with the sleeves and neck fittings. No two shirts of the same size are the same size. I have purchased at least six of these shirts through trial and error, and was only able to keep one.NOT VERY LONG - BUT OTHERWISE TOTALLY NOTMALAbsolutely perfect feom the front...but there is NO back at all. Made from super flimsy, cheap plastic...so horrible...but the front looks so good...So cute from the front.  As another reviewer posted yesterday (after I had ordered my dress), this looks bizarre from the side.  The pretty print stops at the side seams.  Only the border print along the bottom extends to the back.

In addition, I started sneezing as soon as I put the dress on.  Back it goes.Very uncomfortable ended up donating them to Good Will.wish they had the pocket on the side....but those would be carpenter pants.  Still nice though.These pants run large and were longer than expected.  I'm 5'6" and they hit 3" above my ankle.This sweater fits as excepted and the colors are vibrant. The seam work is fine, but I suspect that the buttons on the shoulder will fall off after a few times in the washer. However, the sweater is very thin. A nice product overall, but not a sweater that will keep you warm on a winter day.I like the style although the leather is starting to tearI guess I have always wondered what it would be like to have 1950s area cone boobs....WAY too small.  My husband wears a size 12.5 shoe.  He could not get these over his foot at all.  Very disappointing.It is fit, but at the same time you always have feeling that it will fall down, need to pull it upper, I think  because it's a little wide on sides, and that's why you feel uncomfortable, I would order something better, but I have already exchange it once, and not to going have this headache, at least it has straps, so I can fix it, no big deal.This team has many features which are required to perform their duties for which it was made, but could be improved by making the product bigger in terms of size and adding such a compass and a global positioning system. In cionclusin, is very, very appreciated by me for use on my fishing days.Beautiful dress, but two dresses ordered in the same size were not the same size.Very comfortable for a flip flop!  I plan on wearing these all summer.  Firmer material than Tevas and cheaper flip flops.  Built with comfort and quality in mind.These were purchased for my one year old grandson and he hasn't said anything about the fit.it fits really well and is super shiny.  so far I love it.  it was shipped pretty quickly as well.  we'll see if it turns my finger green.  two days in and nothing yet so I have high hopes!I have high arches, so these gave me a great amount of cushioning and made even my 10 mile runs feel great! I'm training for a half-marathon, but I'm somewhat new to running and haven't included spadework yet, so I can't comment on how they'd work for fartlek or tempo runs or anything like that. But, on my shorter runs (3-5 miles) when I try to pick up the pace, the shoes seemed to keep up!

I am slightly disappointed in how quickly they wore out, though. I ran between 200-250 miles in them before I needed a new pair. Being small (around 117 lbs), I was hoping to get a bit more life out of them, but perhaps that's par for the course with a cushioned shoe. I'll also say, though, that having high arches like I do (apparently high arches means you don't absorb shock as well), I REALLY feel when a shoe wears out even a little bit, so others who aren't as sensitive might be able to eek out more miles in them.

Even though they're a bit worn down for running, they'll still make a good pair of shoes to wear around on errands or even on my weekly cross-training walk! I've just bought a pair of Mizuno Wave Rider 18's, but if those prove no good on Friday's 11-mile long run, I might just get another pair of these, even though they might not last as long as I'd have liked or hoped.as advertisedIm very pleased with the corset, I love the feeling of the faux leather & the buttons. Very very sexy.I am very pale, and I dislike the way sunscreen feels on my arms and neck. I also live in southern California, which means that in the summer months, I just get burned constantly or have to feel sticky all the time. I love this shawl, I wear it whenever I can. It looks small in the picture, but if you unfurl it, it easily covers me shoulders and upper arms,  even going down to my wrists. The fabric is lightweight, and I don't feel extra hot when I wear it. To combat the heat my office is kept super cold, so it's nice to wear it inside as well. Its easy to use, it works well, and I will be buying other coolibar products in the future!I love Robeez, but these just don't fit the bill. Whatever was used on the inside makes it impossible to get these on my son's feet. With socks or bare foot, it does not matter. It's like they used a non skid material on the inside. I cannot slip these on him, and I have other Robeez in the same size that slip one easily and fit just fine.Love the shoes, however they run very large.

I personally am normally a size 12 at Places like Nike. However a size 12 in theses shoes, I can come out of them while walking. It's also a little odd that they run large, given Nike owns them and even provides souls for some shoes.Sizes are way off. They should have a chart that says large fits 55-60 cm, the fact that they don't means there's no quality control from one hat to the other.Its nice but the magnet is not strong enough.Unbelievably comfortable for such a cute boot!  I get a compliment here and there, but what I love most is I can walk comfortably & confidently as the rubber sole is non-slip on every surface so far (slick tile floor, steep asphalt driveway, carpeted stairs, grocery aisle, office building concrete stairs, escalator, hospital tile floor, sidewalks up and down incline, etc.).  Nice enough for the office, rugged enough for the weekend.  Dresses up jeans without trying too hard (or looking "too cutesy" or struggling in stiletto pumps on a gravel walkway, for example).

Another plus is I don't have to have all my pants hemmed just to wear "work shoes" (which are normally NOT heels!).  I have had my first pair for a year.  They are barely showing any wear, and I've walked in them for 10 hours+ a day 2-3 days per week.  I actually loved them so much I bought a 2nd pair in case they wore out or were discontinued.  I may even buy a 3rd pair.ordered a size 8, and the shoe fits like a 9 1/2. very disappointing.will not recommend. Will not purchase in the future.worst Ive ever bought,and I have a serious shopping addiction.thats saying something.While the watch looks nice, unfortunately the date dial does not track properly. Over the course of a single day, the date moves more than five days, making the date dial not very useful.The large is enormous; we should have paid more attention to the reviews.nice really nice for the priceI normally rave about NAOT Shoes, but this pair, while very nice aesthetically did not provide the support or comfort I typically get from this brand.Beautiful, wears well and the popping Color just like the picture.I like the shape of these earrings; I think it is a very modern heart shape (clean lines/simple). They are also sparkly and catch the light well. The earrings are priced very well. We'll see how they hold up over time...I believe they will probably keep their sparkle with maintenance (jewelry cleaning). I will say I wasn't quite prepared for how big they are (not that they are huge), but I anticipated something slightly larger than studs and these are much bigger than that. They would be beautiful with the hair pulled back and a black dress (or other evening wear), but the style and size IMHO isn't for daily wear. Night wear.I did not like the guns it can with they were assembled very poorly. When my son tried putting them on his hands they came apart.A little bit to tight in the top part of the dressHusband loved it, hilarious shirt!!Might return. Runs small. I am a medium and I ordered a large and its still tight in the upper body.Looks great comes a size smaller then postedAs many other review have said, it runs a size or two too large, the yellow is closer to chartreuse than the movie-accurate school bus yellow, and it is cheaply made. The belt is shoddily painted, flimsy, and just has a black velcro strap in the back. One of the garter clips fell apart in my hand when I touched it. It's a decent base if you have tailoring abilities, but it's not worth the retail price by any means.These shoes are terrible. I never write reviews but I am disappointed. I bought these 11/23/2016 and it only 12/31/2016 and they crack already. I wear them daily and I have had other shoes at least last me more then this! I would like a refund on this, bad product and the description doesn't say anything about them lasting a month. Also the anti-slip is already worn out. These are Docker shoes, they are suppose to last long then this.I don't like it, very smallIt looked very nice on the site but I never got it which was very disappointing, because I would have liked to have added it to my jewery box. It would have looked great with a dress I got to wear it with, I was sorry the shipper never sent it to me or even told me it wasn't comeing. Poor service on their part but as always Amazon was on top of it and I got a full refund in a timely matter.Run small.  No arch support. Pricey for quality of shoeThe shoes were not the size that I thought I was ordering.  I wanted a women's size.  These will be sent back.love them. they look just like the picture. these are my favorite pair out of my 5 pairs of dcsThese are wonderful!  Wash well and hold their dark color longer than most black pants.  Very comfortable.  I have purchased several pairs in the past and will continue to buy.both shoe split at the bottom after about 3 wears and i'm petite size so it's not my weightThey ran super small and took FOR EVER to get to me.Fantastic. I'm like a young Tom Cruise in these things.they hurt my ankles .4 stars because they make between my toes sore after a couple of hours.Thin material, and neckline cut too high and too tight around your neck.  Ran smallI bought the 36" laces for my toddlers size 7 high tops. They fit perfectly with extra for double knots.Pockets stick out awkwardly and make dress unwearableBeautiful dress. I am 5'9" and currently at 155 lbs at the beginning of my 3rd trimester. A medium fit perfectly and is not too short either.I like the shirt just fine.I taked backAlthough this is a nice veil, it is NOT ivory as described.Everything about these shoes would have been great, if they had fit.  My son just grew out of his size 7 shoes, so I ordered a 7/8, since he wears 8's in every other shoe. Turns out, I should have ordered a 9/10 for his size 8 foot.Super tightIf you're a little rotund, especially around the belly, this may not be cut to your liking.

On the other hand, it might drive you to workout a lot more, so that it would someday be cut to your liking.

I think it's ok.I am 6'2", 190lbs and I have a 41" chest and 34" sleeve (or thereabouts), so i ordered a large.  this jacket has 6-8" more room in the chest and 2-3" longer sleeves than the sizing chart suggests.  the cut is definitely more *ahem* "traditional american", so the arms and gut have a LOT of extra room, even with an additional layer under it.

pros:
the snaps look nice
the sleeves have a smooth fabric, making it easy to put on over another long-sleeved layer

cons:
enormous
extremely generous cut
"handwarmer" pockets have the slick inner-sleeve material rather than flannel

it's really too bad, because i like the color and overall look, but it's just not made for tall, slim(ish) guys.Small chested women, this bathing suit does nothing for cleavage. Zero padding or support. Bottoms are cute.I love these braclets although there was some trouble with the shipping they got hear and thats all that matters. They came the right size and there real so thats goodI guess it deserves 2 stars because it fits normally. But the fabric was actually somewhat itchy and very uncomfortable, even though none of the materials should itch! I think the quality was just really terrible. Also, in person, the detail at the sleeve looked like it had been partially ripped, not designed. Definite return.Got what I expected for price.I am a shorty,  so pants were way too long...a petite size would be perfectThis is a great looking bow tie and exactly the color combination I needed; however, it started to fray on the edges after the first time I wore it.  I will probably never wear it again.  A total waste of money.I'm 128 pounds 5`4 and this dress fits somewhat big I got a size small but it fits like a size up so I added a little black belt to it and its good to go because without the belt I have no shape in the dress..it is a little pricy but if your thick with a booty this dress should be in your closet.Fits perfect.  I am switching the head band to a stretchy headband to fit around my wig better.  I'm very pleased with the accessories as well.nice to wearThe scarf is a different color on the light blue hat than what the picture shows, so it clashes and is ugly with what I want to wear it with. I wish the scarf was removable, but it isn't.This scepter is what I expected for what I paid and will be good for our Christmas plays so it is worth the value.I normally wear an 81/2 but I ordered a 9 so I had room for thick socks!  They fit like an 8 !!!
Also one of the zippers was very difficult to operate and would NOT zip all the way up!!!  I guess I wouldn't let the zippier issue stop you from ordering a pair, I may have just gotten a bad one!! Just be sure to order at least one full size up!!!!
They are definitely cute!!I just got the light grey bag and it it is anything but grey. I have this bag in camel and I was expecting the same quality and look and i am not sure if it it the color wich is more of a Taupe or the quality of the leather but it looks like you paid 50.00 instead of the $498.00. I am going to try another color as i do love this bag.I have always wore new balance until a couple of years ago and decided to try them again.  These shoes do not stand the test of time.  The memory foam is not supportive and seem to have broken down pretty quickly.  I am a walker and after getting these shoes started having problems with my arches( i have very high arches) and foot pain.LOVEEnded up sending it back.  Awkward fit and very itchy fabric.The waist fit fine the pouch is made for small to average size menThey were to tight around my eyes and my ears.  They look like someone from Star Trek would wear. Definitely not the style I would use even if they fit right.Good valueThese look so cute in the picture, but they're a lot thinner than I expected. They're see-through. Also, I'm curvy so I have a booty, and the leg holes are so large that they stick out really weird behind me. The main thing to be concerned of here is how thin the material is. I got black ones, so if I wear black underwear it'll be fine probably but it still fits larger than I expected. I'm either gonna have to sew it up or send it back for a smaller size.Love the tshirt but it was slightly snug for what the sizing chart stated and the normal size I wear.I returned these because they did not have much arch support. They were, however, very comfortable.The shoe seems to run a bit wide. Great looking, good quality--just a bit of schlosshing around... Kind of like a New Balance shoe--regular width, but wider than others....Onestly don't where is your morning on this they're too expensive for 5 months only.... If I step in a little puddle of water I my foot get wet.  Don't buy this.....What a crap product! It's huge all over, but super tight in the sleeves!The quality wasn't as expected.Fits great Waaay more poofy than expected from the photos, almost stuck straight outUsed this while doing Insanity and it helped with the immense amount of sweat dripping into my eyes and ears!I ordered the this in Navy Blue and got it in Black and the material was is low quality. Looks great in picture not in real lifeI wore this costume for Halloween this year and it does have its flaws, but what do you really expect paying $15 for a costume?
This exact costume is sold online elsewhere for $35+, so getting it at $15 was a steal for me.

The cons:
The ears flop down and I had to secure them in the upright position with safety pins.
The only closure of the dress is the slit down the back which is supposed to be secured with two dime sized pieces of extremely cheap velcro - again, I had to safety pin it closed.
I belt seemed to be much smaller than the rest of the dress.. I am a size L/XL / 12 in normal clothing, so I ordered a size Large in this costume which fit me perfectly. However, the belt wasn't even anywhere close to fitting around my waist.. it was TINY in comparison to the rest of the dress. Again, I had to secure it with safety pins.

Needless to say, if you order this costume, make sure you have plenty of safety pins to go along with it..I purchased these sandals to replace ones I previously had . I wore them til they practically wore out.... These are very comfortable and hope they will take me through the summer!!Right colorI loved these shoes! However, I had to return them due to a frayed shoelace. Hopefully the replacement pair will be in good shape.Like the shirt. Had lots of fun with it. Kids and adults of all ages love it.  Lots of fun commentsI grew up on a ranch wearing Levis--denim levis.  If you expect to receive levis that you can work in, don't bother with these.  Read the description carefully before ordering.  They are made from soft cotton.I love these slippers.  They wear well and don't fall off your feet and are so comfortable.On both outside areas on top where the print goes to the solid there is an area of thick stitching and material that rubs my foot in the wront spot .I put some small pieces of moleskin to provide some padding. It helped a little. They aren't a shoe I would wear all day but for an evening and because I have a few outfit with peacock motifs in them I will suffer for fashion.I ordered a small and it is a little to big for me.Good product and fast deliverythis puse i had to return,opening is too narrowThese run smaller than size listed (large was mediumish), but comfortable and colors bleed a littleTHE SIZE IS 8 us ANDA RECEIVED 13I ordered this in X-Large. What I got was a Medium. It was not worth the trouble to return it. I gave it to a friend.Confortable and cute. My dad love it!!!I am a petit person (5ft 2, 119lbs) during pregnancy and these fit very snug and were very hot to wear which made them uncomfortable.We replaced the inner sole liner with custom orthotics.I'm a size 32, but the belt is very small, I should have bought size 34. The belt is great, but keep in mind the size. You have to buy a higher size than normal.arrived with hole in the sleeveRuns larger than usualAlmost 4 year old and the waist is to big! She's average hight and 33lbs. If you have a small waisted child in most clothes for their age. Xs is still to bigGood, not same like pictureThese canvas type shorts are really hard-to-find. Replacing hubbies previous pair that lasted over 12 years.  This fabric is sturdier than the regular cotton docker- type shorts yet comfortable and durable.I am an avid Amazon buyer, and this is the first time I've submitted a review. This shirt is not at all an authentic 'peplum' top. In fact, it really just goes straight down with no definitive pleating as the picture shows. It took a long time for the shipment, and the chemical smell is very strong. Last but not least, I ordered a large for a friend, and it fits me (a true xsmall-small).Looks nice and is very thick......be aware that it is square, I thought from the pictures it was like a rope chain but it is a square linkI thought the first review may have been a mistake. It is not!  This belt has a stamped logo. Not as described. What a joke!  Terrible!!!  I want the right belt not this piece of crap. . I will send back and get my money but what a hassle. They should make it right  and send the belt as described.

Terrible!!!! I am very surprised at this. I have always been 100 per cent satisfied.  I will end with this word: Pathetic!  I could not go any lower on star rating!Much too small.  Will have to return and exchange it for a larger size.The jacket seems a little large for its size, but that's fine, better than too small. My son also appears to be warm when wearing this; of course this is just a guess because he has yet to say he's cold when he has this on. My problem with this jacket is the zipper. The first jacket I received, the zipper broke the first pull of the first wear. The replacement coats zipper also feels flimsy, and gets stuck pulling it up and down. Here's to hoping it doesn't break.It is a cute purse but sheds! I imagine it will be a one season purse!The boot is fairly narrow and I have narrow feet. You can also feel where the heel is connected to the boot. I've purchased shoe inserts to relieve most of the uncomfortablenessNice sturdy shoe horn. Convenient size.I was rather disappointed with this product. It was poorly made with barbs on the band and the stone setting was incredibly rough. We will be returning this item.The watch is nice and big--one of the first things you notice right out of the box. This watch looks great! When I received the time, it was in a nice box .Seems well made, and keeps good time. Features are nice, especially the alarms. I bought it for summertime casual dates, trips to the beach, etc. Being white in color, I could never keep it clean at work, being that I work in a home improvement store. Placement on your wrist may require some experimentation for finding comfort. I discovered that if it rubs against my wrist bone, it creates mild pain and discomfort. So, I have to fasten the strap a little higher up on my arm. Lots of compliments from people already, and I've worn it out only 3 times.
I recieved this product for free or at a discount for my unbiased and honest review.A bit small; wish it expanded a but more around the back of my headThey were way too big . I'm a size 8 and the medium was huge.These heel-less wedges are so amazing!
Not only do they look amazing,
but they're amazingly easy to walk in and comfortable!

The C Label Starlet-6 shoes ($39.99) look like the
Giuseppe Zanotti E30027 Wedge Sandals that cost $895 !Comfortable. They do wear like flips flops, so expect noise while you're walking. I notice it, but it doesn't bother me.Set the combo at home, wouldn't open when I got to destination, twisted the lock apart with my hand in about 15 seconds.  Not recommended.The sleeves are a little wide making it impossible to keep them pushed up at the elbow.  So, I don't even wear it.I have 4 other pairs of these sweats & they are great. This pair is weird. One leg a little shorter & the crouch is way  shorter in the back. Wish I had sent them back. The others are great so comfy & the price is right.Terrible quality of the photo on the shirt. It's really not worth the money. I threw it out the same day I got it.I love Clark shoes but the left shoe pressed the side of my foot most of the day.  They were comfortable for about three hours and after the three hours I was in slight pain.  I wish I could find a way to make them more comfortable but if not I will have wasted my money.Felt like a 11 instead of a 12 I couldn't even get them on comfortably they we're way to smallNice slipper but runs smallI just got the bag this morning was happy with it until i kept smelling a "fishy" odor and realized it is the bag! Sending it back i can not take the smell! Wish i had read that in the reviews before i purchased itIt's a little bit larger than I expected... I bought a Large to try on, and several of us in our office who are often in between a Large and XL, are good with the Large.

I like the style of the jacket, feels like a good jacket that will hold up well.

Reason for purchase is to get embroidered with company logo for employees, I think everyone is really going to get a lot of use out of this jacket.Bought this on Amazon purely because it was going to be shipped to my door during the winter and I did not have to leave. It came  in the standard amazon box in two days (shoutout to Amazon Prime)! The fit is a little bit larger than normal - I typically wear a Large but i wear a medium un Columbia's.

Super comfortable and super soft, this fleece is definitely necessary during the chilly months for a college football tailgate or a day out to the zoo with the family.

Added feature- this jacket is beer resistant (okay I actually can not verify this claim but I have spilled a lot of beer on it and it always cleans easily)

As always if you found this review helpful, please mark it as such so I know what to include in further reviews.turned my finger green with in a couple of hours of first putting it on. NOT sterling silver as described!!!!Too small for my 8 year old. The yellow is almost a tan-yellow. Not the most flattering color like shown in the picture. Good quality..would be 5 stars if thr color was correct.Product doesn't match the picture. I received a sleeveless shirt, not a tank top as shown in the item picture.Fit well and very comfortable, but not water proof at all. Walking in light snow feet got soaked. Very disappointing for the price.The top I received is not hi-low, it is longer on the sides and very flowy. It is very soft though. I wouldn't have paid quite that much for it though, had I known it wouldn't be a little sturdier feeling.My wife loves the ease and practicality of segregating her clothes such that it is easy to access and identify. Having an organized luggage also helps during packing and unpacking.Too small and he wears actually smaller than I ordereed.I like itBest price & good quality will order more for holiday giftsThe item shipped fast. Shoes were true to order. I have a pair of Vibram sportek and they fit better than these on the first try. The KMO gave me blisters when I broke them in on a 4mile walk. After that though they fit much better but they do a run a bit small.Larger than expectedThe straps were too thin and material was not soft. The length was good though.This shoe has very little support but is comfortable to wear around the house and is easy to put on.I need to return these boots.  THey arrived perfectly and in perfect shape but they are a size too big. The sizing on them is a little confusing.  I thought I had ordered a US 9 but it ordered at UK 9 wish is a size different. :(Shirt was ok. Picture on front was weak.They look great but,my heel comes out as I walk and run too small. Can't return them cause I wore them once inside the house. A total waste of $100 for me.I really like the sweater and it fits nice, However the stitching is coming apart on the shoulder. I'd return it and ask for a new one, However Amazon doesn't offer to have ups make pick ups for returns. Since I'm home bound I guess I have to take what I get :(thanksI like Alitte wide. So I got 2E.Why to narrow. The 4E would have been perfect .Sent them back.I don't know why so many people complaining,  I really like this sweeter it fit perfect on me and doesn't feel bad qualityBig perfect bag... Love the color too!
I ll update after my 1st trip with it.Broke immediately.Grandson loves it.This bag is slightly larger than the dimensions listed. The material is thicker and more durable than it looks in the photo. It has one strap across the center, but two would have been better to ensure that the zipper doesn't give during air travel. Note: this bag is too big for standard checked luggage. I wish that the two handles had a way to connect them together like other duffel bagsNumbers are to small to see. It Looks like a play watch for little kids. Sent it back to companyRuns small, but it's nice and
Comfy.I finally got my package after the mailman delivered my package to the wrong building. However, I am happy with my purchase.Jacket fit but the label stitching was a bit frayed, button on collar was scratched, and the hanger it shipped with left an indentation on the front breast.  Main label had a huge "Made in India" tag that looked off place.  Cant say whether this was a brand new authentic Diesel jacket....I was VERY disappointed in this item! It's unbelievably small. I'm a very petite person and I ordered a size large. I couldn't even get it over my head. I'm very upset because I was really looking forward to having this shirt. I guess I will have to order a men's size from now on.Great gift for a First Communion.  I love that we can remove the picture and replace it with one of my granddaughter on her special day.These are too large for our twin boys, and resemble hospital socks. The material feels really heavy and there were all kinds of loose strings coming offAppears cheap looks better in the photo.Color was lighter than expectedShoe came in hard to find larger sizes.  Comfortable.  True to size,  Works well.Birkenstock provides much better support. After wearing for 2 weeks in PACU, they loosen up, so I have to wear thick socks over my support hose. They are okay, but I should have bought Birkenstock.size 7-8 is way to big for me--I'm a small size 7.a little loose, has full coverageSo cute but the straps not stretchy enough or mask not robust enough to take the stretch. Half of them the straps came off and left a hole in mask.Fun prints.  However, they did not work for me that well.  They are good if you have a really large glasses because the cases are so big. I was able to use them for a couple of sunglasses but not for my regular glasses that's why I gave it three stars but the product itself is fine.I love this top. Delivery was delayed quite a while.  It is baggy and not fitted at all. The back covers the butt. Color is true to pic. Very comfortable and would order again.Like my title says these are nice but not my favorite jeans. These are "fuller waist" cut jeans so they don't really create definition for your waist. They do sit lower in the waist then tradional jeans so for me being short waisted they sit great.  The material does feel a bit stiff but I hope that will change afer several washings.  I have notice they do tend to feel baggy as the day wears no mostly in the butt.  The thing that makes me the saddist is the fact that even though I got the short length (I'm 5') I'm still going to have to have them altered.  Over all they will fulfill there purpose.Horribly cheaply manufactured product.  It broke within 5 minutes of handling.  Light handling at that.Good fitting shoe but the Canadian price is way too high...almost $100 more than the Amazon.com price and that's ridiculous!Very itchy. The band runs large.Nice and cozy, my son loves it and so do I!GoodI've purchased this item twice.  Within the first two weeks, the fabric in the seat separated.  I thought I'd give it a second chance thinking it may have just been a defect with that pair.  Less than three weeks later, and only wearing them a few times, the fabric in the seat separated, just as the first pair had done.  I'm returning this pair.  Not recommend, it's a waste of money.&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/LEE-Men-s-Relaxed-Fit-Straight-Leg-Jean-Larson-32W-x-32L/dp/B072276PV5/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">LEE Men's Relaxed Fit Straight Leg Jean, Larson, 32W x 32L</a>.Loved the color and design....but the fabric is VERY thin.... it is almost see thru. Ordered another in the same brand and it is fab.Very comfortable except the fact it fits a lot smaller than the other bras I have this size.I had bought one before which fitted well, but this time it is too small...! I was expecting the some fit!!!!Perfect fit and love the look. They run a 1/2 size big.
Im usually a 9.5 in vans and I got these in a 9.You have to wind it every 9 hours or so. Really light weak metal. There is no way the original cost is over $60. I believe the actual real cost would be around $10 if you were to by it after you seen itlooks cool dose not lightAwesome product and so cute.  Quality socks, well made and oh so thick and comfortable.  Do not seem to stretch and seems like they will last a very long time.  No fading or fraying.  My grandson loves them and cant stop wearing them. Makes him feel like a cool kid.  Guess I will have to buy him more!I was pleasantly surprised by this skirt. I am extremely hippy, I wear a size 10 pants, and i am 5'1. This skirt fits perfectly and hits me right above the knee. I had a few inconveniences, though. It would be better if there was not a tear in the seam and a few snags on the skirt.This shoe is very comfortable and seems to be well made. Unfortunately, I work in a restaurant and these are not slip resistant at all, and so I can't use them.love the fabric, but much too tight (and I am hairless from chemo)Just as alot of other reviews have said, it fits tight over the top of the foot. It would probably feel this way no matter what size you get. Good looking boot though.It looks like the picture, but it is not wow!Unsure how this will look bought for ChristmasReally cool pants. It's alittle snug, especially if you have  hips and butt, but I kind of like it like that.
Please note though, the material is thin, so  you must plan  on what (if anything) you'll wear underneath.... it will show.slippery.  too small.  : /Delivery of the 34x29 Lee jeans from the US to Australia was Amazon prompt as usual, however the short waiting time was spoilt by their longer-than-ordered legs....30 inches. Though covered in a multitude of labels that promised a comfortable 29 inch leg, I was sent more than I asked for. Once I have the problem rectified, I'll have another great pair of Lee's. I'm hoping this was just a rare one that slipped through quality control.I got the true red to customize for a friend who is an OU fan since the color crimson was bright red. The true red looks nothing like the picture. It looks just like the crimson red color. Very deceiving color in the photo. I needed this sweater today to ship off to be customized and now won't be able too. Will be returning.Super cute sweater for the holidays! Not too thick, great quality for the price. It's a tad itchy on the skin, but I wore a tank top underneath and it fixed the issue.I'm 5feet and usually wear a 12-14 in dresses. I ordered the XL but it didn't zip in the back exchanged it for the XXL and it fit fine but the boobs part was a bit loose. But I got so many compliments on it.Lovely piece but the picture of the charm is misleading. One can barely see the engraved message, it is so tiny, a magnifying glass is neede to read the words.......disappointing.As with the other rings this ring looked good at first but as i wore it I noticed my finger turning green,not a good buy.Bought it because of the price. It does what it says it does, but be warned that you won't get many uses out of it. the material is extremely thin and I managed to inadvertently puncture a bag while compressing it. If you're looking for something that can last a little longer, get something thicker.I would like it allot if it was 25% larger although to be fair I have a large face. Even on a small face larger would be more comfortable they should make it bigger for me it is unwearable.Beautiful cross. One of my wife's favorite little necklaces.a little tight in the waist.comfy :)When i saw amazon garuntee  for these watches , I said they should be very good. I bought 2 and after 2 weeks the band came out and second hand stop working. I know its cheap but that doesn't mean the watch doesnt turn one month.
I am surprised  how come amazon garuntee such a rubbish watchI love when a product is only one size, I am not large 5'3 and 130lbs. But these are made for little girls maybe? I couldn't even get them past my knees. Poor product unless you are a size 5 or smaller.Nice material, yet somewhat snug. One size bigger however would have been too largeToo thin, too cheap...don't waste your money.The shirt is good.  The size does run slightly smaller than I am used.  Based on previous reviews I ordered a an XL when I normally wear a L.  I am glad I did.My son loves them! They come with black and red shoe laces.I wanted to love these, I really did. I'm 5' tall and a size 5.5-6 so I ordered a 5.5.

These shoes fit me really weirdly. They were wide enough, the right length for my foot,  but even with super thin socks my foot felt crammed in like the shoe height wasn't big enough. The tongue is super fat, like huge, and it just mashed down on the top of my foot no matter how much I loosened the laces. It was such an odd fit.

The tread was great, the color was cute. But I just couldn't get comfortable with how tight it was across the top of my foot. Had to return. :(Poor quality. The latch broke after few use.The sleeves are short and the cuffs too tight I just push them up on my forearms.  The color is also more akin to yellow than white.  None the less, I got a lot of complements when I wore it.Too narrow of the calf for me, otherwise, it was just what I was looking for.  Return and refund was a piece of cake!The masks were the life of the party. The grandchildren wore them the next day too keeping the party goingIt's a cheap shirt. It works. Nothing fancy.
Fit's, material isn't great. Not made to be super flattering.

If your looking for a simple affordable shirt. It does the job.The material seemed to me cheap, but neat tailoring purse. But as for me, this purse is not worth the money. I bought it for US $ 23.99.They were not left me and the material leaves much to be desired for what they cost meDidn't read reviews... definitely came saying "ask me about my leprechaun disguise" not as advertised. Very disappointed in that.I like the look of this sun hat. It fits a little snug and there is no way to make it looser, though I know my head it probably a little larger than average. So I didn't expect it to be too large or extremely small. I am happy with my purchase.I ordered this as a gift for my boyfriend's birthday. Luckily he has a sense of humor, because when it arrived a) the Seiko box which held the watch was ripped and dented, which ruined the presentation and b) THE DAYS OF THE WEEK ARE IN SPANISH! The broken box and weekdays and spanish were disappointing.I needed these leggings for a costume I was putting together. I was thrilled they arrived just in time but disappointed when they were too small. The material didn't stretch as much as regular leggings. They also came from China, so the sizing difference should have been more obvious to me. They look very pretty though, I'm sure I'll be able to give them away.Love it just wish it was longer.a little small order next size upwell I was expecting all the fabric to be itchy but I did not expect it to leave little fragments of fabric everywhere, some of if stuck to my stockings causing horrible shafing and I left a trail of black fluff everywhere I wentThey came a little small, we thought they were bigger.The shoe is tight and shorter than other 9.5 shoes I wear. I have ordered a size 10 to compare.These sandals are so cute, could be very casual or dressed up a little bit. I love to wear these but every time I do I end up getting a blister on my pinky toe an hour or so in.The problem is that, its too long and look kind of weird thereClearly of a lower quality than my other Seiko dive watch. For what I paid I'd expect at least SLIGHTLY better...I am only disappointed with the size. I thought it was the size of a typical wallet. It is truly a credit card holder. My fault. I did not read the information on the size. Returned it and got refund quickly.BeautifulI ordered the shoes and honestly they look poor quality and they're the wrong color, which is super irritating as they were a gift and the person I was giving them to already had that color.Not too much to say about it, it's a hard case. I bought it to fit my Suncloud Cookie sunglasses, which it does.They run 1/2 size large. But very cute.cheap material and it keeps sliding downI love it. The white goes with everything and the birdy on it is cute and not in the way of the jewelry.  My only complaint is that it's hard to get the earrings in and out.Run small. Tight across my little feet. Won't buy anything else.  Cute.fits a little tighter then expected. Other then that, fine material and its sheer for keeping cool in the summer.Cheaply made but works for costume wigsThe neck is so wide and the waist snug.  Not really how I like to wear a shirtI picked this because it was the highest rated of clear backpacks on Amazon. I feel ripped off. This backpack was purchased for my 6th grader. With  6 folders, a single 5 subject notebook and an ipad, this back pack has ripped in just 2 months. Now I have duct tape holding it together trying to locate another backpack. What a joke! Honestly I think the schools are a joke for pushing a clear back pack to begin with knowing the heavy load our children carry daily. It creates a false sense of security. If security is truly their concerns they should put in metal detectors and end this retarded game! On that note don't buy this backpack.Nice top, but if you are broad backed at all, the material will emphasize this, which in turn the bottom of the shirt did not fall as attractively as I would have liked.

The color and material were both fine - two stars because I just didn't care for it.!material too thin and clingy.I love these pants but they do run very small. I normally wear a size 18-20 and I had to order a size 24 (which is still pretty snug.) I also have very thick thighs and these pants definitely were not made for girls with larger thighs, so keep that in mind when ordering.I am a 38 bust and 5 ft 1 typically have to go into a size bigger. I bought a medium and its a little long and big. Otherwise it is very pretty.Colors are not as bright as the photo. Still pretty cool though.terrible,  Everything about this is bad.  First, I went by the size chart- i have recently lost 30 pounds so, in fairness, I don't know my waist size- however, before the weight loss I wore a size 18....so i thought surely an XXL would fit.  It says XXL is a US size 20-22 and I know that these things can run small so I went with it.  Yeah no.  I looked like humpty dumpty.  This thing was so tight (and my rear end is not where i carry my weight so for it to be tight in  the butt is crazy) and there was no way i could button it- not for the busty girls.  Then the material.  It is awful.  It feels like a cheap halloween costume.  If you are going to a 70s disco party...ok...fine...this is acceptable.  But for anything else, no.  I'll be giving it to a friend since she likes tacky stuff.

I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my unbiased and honest review. I test every product before reviewing. My experience may not match every other reviewers but my experiences are what I base the reviews on. If you felt I was helpful, please click yes below. If not, please comment and offer suggestion on how I can improve my review for youI've worn these walking for hours in NYC and also along the San Francisco waterfront AND all day at workI had owned a pair of these many years ago and was very pleased with them. I'm assuming they were made in the states back then. I wouldn't recommend buying them now. Stitching came undone the first day.But not me at all.  I did return them, the heel is quite different, and not a fan of the way suede wears.  If you got these, you would not run into many people that had the same pair!Cute winter hat.Somewhat too smallNot true to size.... Order one size biggerThe inside started to disintegrate after wearing them just one timeAlmost bought a pair of identical (but white gold) earrings at a jeweler, but they were $800+. I decided to give these a shot at this price and I love them - just perfect (and they look identical to the $800 versions).
I sleep and shower with them in my ears... they're pretty but not bulky.I got the wrong sizeSeems like a nice quality shirt but the sizing must be for small asians because I wear an XL in just about every brand of shirt I own but this one in XL is basically equivalent to a size Medium unless you like your shirts to fit like a skintight wetsuit! Not that it really matters but I'm not a huge fan of the Jesus Fish logo and religious crap on the tag either.Cute shoe, though a bit snug compared to other Bernie Mev styles in the same size. I'm hoping it will loosen up over time. Another small complaint is that there is a leather (or leather-like) liner around the insides of the shoe which also lines the top of the shoe above the toes. It is a tan color and it shows through the stretchy denim weave. This is a design flaw that should have been caught. Using a blue liner should have been a no brainer!These are not one size fits all.  They were too short for me and I am 5'5".Worked well for a long trip but it's kind of cheaply made. It tends to keel over when pulling the bag when it's loaded.  We purchased a better duffel from Outdoor Products.These socks are really cute and were a hit at the baby shower I just attended.  However, I have them for my son, and they only fit him up until about 4 months.  They run small.BeautifulThe t-shirts were grest and durable but we're to big for me.  I didn't return them because of that reason and gave them to a family member.  Would have given them a Five Star but they were too big and that was my fault; definitely would recommend this product.  The material of the t-shirts were thicker than the ones I bought at a nearby department store and they were Hanes as well.had to go up 4 sizes from my normal sizeGreat size for my face, and I love the frame, but the lenses are very lightly tinted. They don't block a lot of light, plus you can see my eyes through them, which is always weird.My son loves this ring - the color of the eye - kids ask him if his ring can see he just laughs.She loved it, started crying, I nailed that gift.I returned them because the buckle broke when I was trying to tighten them.Feel heavy, stiff, if it has an extra soft insole will fit my feet better. However my second day wearing it feel fitted but still not quite soft comfortable. I like the style &  heel size.Fits perfectlyIt was a bit big but since I use it to workout in, it's not a problem.Ring was okay, setting style seemed to make the stone look lopsided also the sizing was very large and I had to return it.I like these pants very much, but they run a size or 2 too small.  I am going to have to send them back and get a size larger.I read a lot of reviews on this product and everyone said to go a size bigger. I am usually a medium and so I ordered a large, and it was too big for me. I sent this product back this morning. I will say though I love the color.These are so cool!the bottom of the leg fits too looseLOVE these!!  Versatile from season to season, very comfortable.  Perfect  neutral color.  Would definitely buy these again!When I put my order, I thought extra small, which is my size, version of this cloth would fit me but I was wrong. If you are thinking to order extra small size based on other clothes you wear, this wouldn't work.Its definitely tighter than I thought it would be. I think next time i'll order an XL. Its really soft though and made more for the gym or working out.Both lenses have two small scratches in exactly the same spots.  I thought it might be adhesive, but does not wash off.  The old lenses are better; will keep these as spare.I like it but it is a little too small.  I should have ordered a much larger one.  It is made more for a child not a full grown person.I'm trying to wear them to stretch them at home every dayI bought it for my husband. But unfortunately it is a little dark.I received this necklace today.. cute but too small for my taste. I expected it to be a little bit bigger. but I'm glad the stones are all there.Bought because I am pregnant. I am due in a few days and it has served its purpose. It did become irritated at first but I think it was sore from the regular sized one I had in previously. Looks like the piercing will go back to normal but may have some stretch marks around belly button. Seems better off then some friends who took theirs out and they got all stretched out. I guess we will see what happens after the baby comes. I did cut it to be smaller. It wasn't hard to do it though.I love the shoe very comfortable but the leather at the end of the shoe near the toe like peeled the leather also turn a different color in spots not very happy with this purchaseI bought very similar shoes to these a few years ago. They were the same design but the DC logo was black with blue sparkles in it. I LOVED those shoes. These ones? Not so much. I guess these must be a different off-shoot, and the guys at Journey's didn't know what they were talking about. Maybe I need SE?

These are simply not as nice. They are flatter on the inside bottom and not as supportive. They support kind of like old Vans or Converse (which I personally don't like, since I travel-board and walk for long periods of time and need more cushion). Overall it seems flimsier.

Maybe as they break in they'll be better, but I don't have the highest hopes. Too bad :(I love James Jeans Twiggys, I own 4 pairs but when I put these on in the size that I have the others in, 26, what the heck they were too small. Sadly returned, because they are a nice dark color and I know the quality is good but of you are going to get these I recommend going up a size, possibly 2They were not what I expect and wished I returned themIt's awesomeThese were supposed to be a size 10 and fit like a size 11 ... not a good fit at allMy doctor said these are the best for my feet.  I don't notice a difference as far as my muscles ect., but they work for what the doctor had in mine.
I should have put a protector on them to protect them for dirt & stains.  I suggest that if you buy the suede type, buy protector & cleaner at the same time.  After the fact cleaning doesn't seem to help.Arrive on today,beautifull dress love it,fit as expected,but is to clear l have to wear something to cover my leg is.too beautifulThe fit is huge and the fabric stretches out like crazy, making the big sizing worse.  Fabric listed on label is inconsistent with the product description.  The tag says 70% rayon, 30% polyester.Order #10541907-7887415 I have received, but there is two orders one for 19.95 the other 79.99 I hope that I am not being changed double for them thanksI ordered a men's large and received a medium but it looks like a boys.  I am very displeased with it but would still like to exchange because my grandson really  likes it.And more gold than champagne.  May return.This product ran very, very small.I bought 2 of these in a size 7 for six year olds that were in a play.  They six year olds are not big at all.  The shirt was too short my son who normally wears a size 6.  If I were to order again, I would try a size 8.I ended up & returned it, was a bit too snug for my liking to be comfortable with keeping this dress.I love these booties BUT got 2 major blisters. After about and hour wearing them, I had to take them off. My feet hurt sooooo badThe product itself is amazing...its feel is cozy like wearing a hug lol...needed some assistance with customer service and they were helpful as well...probably adding them to my list of go to searchesThe tshirt is pretty light weight but seems to be well made.Have gotten it wet and full of soap and it still worksAfter reading the reviews I bought a whole size bigger and it was STILL very narrow, The calf part very warm but not the sole part and it. It was only 30 degrees and my feet were cold. Would I recommend or buy again NO!!!I have a short torso and am pretty curvy. I usually wear a medium in S/M/L pants, but I knew these run a bit large. I initially ordered the low-rise smalls, which fit fine before washing, but after washing are snug in the hips and slightly lower than I'd like for work. So, I ordered these in a medium. Compared to the smalls, these are at least a large - at least two sizes bigger than the smalls. And I wouldn't describe these as mid-rise. The waist is quite high (above my natural waist) on someone whose waist is smaller than their hips. I'm sending them back, rather than risk finding out whether they shrink enough in the wash. I'm guessing that they might work well for a tall person who usually wears a large.The sizing is horribleGetting used to the closure but good fitEverything fit fine, but the waist went really high up and so I have major high water leggings nowGreatNomaterial is way to thin for a 5yr old, you can see right through itNot what I was looking for but it fits right!the bag is ok if u want to carry lunch in it make not very bigShortIts okay. Thoughts of wearing this with a legging but it makes you look more preggers.I am a relatively heavy weight runner and am getting into middle age, so training injury is my greatest concern. These have stood up pretty well to the pounding I do on a run. No shin-splints so far. One thing - I wear a wide, which is only available in the silver-blue-neon green color scheme, which is not really my thing. I would strongly have preferred the more subdued blue and gray color scheme.Great shoeLove my jeans; just have a problem with length.  Too bad there aren't shorter lengths for vertically challenged girls!  They fit very well, feel really good and I'll order another pair soon.Not bad.This shawl didn't match my navy blue dress so I returned.These boots are very comfortable and fit great.  The style looks good and I can wear these off the job site no proble. The leather seems durable and well supported in the foot. They slide on really easily compared to other pull on's Ive had.  I tried a pair of Ariat Workhog Composite Toe boots before these but had to send the Ariat boots back because they hurt my feet and were too narrow.  These fit perfect.  After four days of consecutive wear with lots of walking and extended standing, these things are holding up great.  I had to go to a EE because my right foot is wider than my left foot.  I just wish that I could order two different sizes since my left is a D and my right is an EE.  That's the only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5, because my left foot is swimming and my right is perfect.Perfect fit as alwaysseems to be good quality, but is the most uncomfortable band I have ever worn, all the edges are just to sharp.Love this ring, true to description, unique looking......:)Very hard to get out wrinkles not a square bottom  no taper to shirt.My son loves how soft these briefs are, however, they do run extremely small for what is listed and they tend to ride up a lot.Okay so I didn't keep this swimsuit for a couple reasons.
1. The torso is super long. I'm 5' 6" with almost exactly the same length of torso as legs. There was waaay too much torso in this bathing suit.
2. If you have even a little tummy, don't do it. This doesn't hide bumps and bulges the way normal ruching does.
3. The cups on this are... odd. There is a weird stiffness to them and even though I'm a C cup they were too big.

But, the quality on the fabric was really nice and so was the design. So maybe if you are taller with larger breasts this would work for you.Nice quality shirt....however, I bought a 2xl based on feedback here that it was a smaller fit but that wasn't my experience. I would have been fine if I'd bought my regular size which is xl.These are incredibly cheap. One of the cubes came with a hole already in the seam. Zippers don't operate smoothly. The plastic is very thin, and besides obviously being susceptible to ripping at seams, feels as though anything could put a hole through it. Mine are going back due to the ripped seam on arrival, but I am not sure how these would ever withstand the rigors of travel. Spend the extra $10 to get a better made set. These are garbage.Loved this print! It's seems well made and it's adorable. But newborn or 0 months is actually preemie! It's for babies under 5 pounds. Not your typical 5-8 pound "newborn" as the product description implies.  My heart hurts this won't be her coming home outfit. I give a 2 for that reason only.It's okEverything but the plastic armor pieces was ok. Each piece the strap broke from the plastic with very little movement. I was kinda disappointed by this.These shoes were okay, the quality was good and they seemed to fit comfortably (Real TOMS!) but unfortunately the seller put two LEFT shoes in the box. (How does that even happen?) So I couldn't properly try them on to know for sure. I was so disappointed that I just returned them and haven't reordered.These are comfortable! They do stretch a bit so there is a possibility that they will come flying off your feet.This thing was a hung of garbage. I threw it away with the first few minutes of receiving it.they were a good price, but the fabric tends to snag on everything and i have little lint balls on them after one wash. IT is ok and and I do wear them during the winter. They aren't anything fancy though.Very light good for summer.
Wrinkles too much and hard to get out wrinkles.
Style is awesome and so is the fit.These are good knock off lenses but they didn't fit into the glasses they advertised them forThis is not for women with large breast.  Does not have any support at all.These were very hard to fit.Super cute.  Make sure to get at least 2 sizes up.  Rings small.This is the exact same style and size as my current bra, but feels a bit snug, probably because my current one is well worn. Next band size up will be too large so I will keep and wear.These Glasses definitely help with the glare when driving at night.
They are nice for daytime driving glasses as well, since it takes the edge off the brightness on a sunny day.
The reason I gave it a 4 and not a 5 is because the sides are closed, and you'll have to remember to turn your head more when looking over your shoulder.
Otherwise they are lightweight and comfortable, and easily fit over prescription glasses, without -like the other reviewer said- looking like a human flyThe gold faded awayThis is not real leather. Does not look, smell or feel like real leather. Color as shown was ok but too large for my needs.Cute tights but not for an average to tall person. I am 5'6" and wear a size 6 in pants. These tights didn't fit well in length. I ended up cutting the toes open so I could wear them as a legging. I would only recommend these for someone under 5'3".But a little tight on the leg and narrow fit. Would probably be better with a size up than normal.It is mostly satisfactory.
But there is no needle of week...
Why .....
I was baffled by that.
Is that mistake or Intentional?cheap materialThis was cute, top was a little stiff for me but not horrible. I did return because it did not fit my body type the way i expectedMy nephew loved it but it does not deserve the 36$ i paidFor wide calves. Order a size up. Very small compared to all other Madden boots I have tried.

The shaft doesn't come up very high. I'm not impressed. Didn't look or feel expensive.I purchased this bra because the previous Bali style I was wearing had been discontinued. This bra is comfortable and seems to fit well until you become too active. When bending forward or jumping around my breasts fall out of the front. This did not happen with the previous Bali style which was cut slightly wider and higher in the front and had a more rigid seam along the edge that held everything in place where it should be. I purchased the same size I have been wearing for years and anything larger would be too big.I ordered this for my wife and she loves them.  They fit perfectly and the colors are very good.  She wants a pink pair of the same model.Didn't hold up very long. The rivets started popping out after about a month.They seem good quality but the size is huge. The waist was about right but the length and width of the legs for a 20H were the size an adult would wear. No kidding almost as wide and long as my shorts and I'm 5' 8" 40 waist !PerfectThe small is to large on me, I took the tabs off and lost the receipt so now I am stuck with 2 shirts and nothing to show for it.Sexy dress - the slit is flattering and the material is soft, but the extra pieces are a bit flimsy.Sure they are fine for some things but I was looking for glasses to cutout the glare from night driving and these do not work.  they are too dark to wear at night.These are very cute and seem like they would be comfy, but they run very short and I have to return them.Runs smallGot if for my friend and it was larger than we expected. NO big deal, we can tailor and hem it ourselves. It was also a bit too long and that has to be brought up as well.I always buy NB same size. There seems a little wide, but otherwise are ok. I put an additional inner sole thing in them to make better fit. Honestly, if I'd tried them on in a store I'd probably not purchased, but since I've got them now the fit is acceptable enough to deal with and keep.Love my jeans awesome fitstylish and comfortableThe idea of the front zipper to open the balaclava is good, but it doesn't completely open the item, so still an over the head routine is needed. Moreover, the zipper makes the item slightly uncomfortable, a bit stiff. Will look again for a kinder, gentler solution.Very uncomfortable. Like wearing diaper.The size is exactly what I was looking for...very minimalist. However, the backs are so small and such a pain to deal with, I decided to send them back.Cute, the left one was comfy but the right on is being glued together and resting on the counter until the sole adheres to the top.  Big careless construction.  Usually your stuff is more reliable.  Sorry to say, this is my most disappointing purchase.If you are looking for a nice stiff trail shoe that can take a beating on most unprepared trails, I would recommend the Mt Masochist. Rock plate gives plenty of foot protection on rocks and roots, especially in the later stages of ultra distances. Shoe performs well on muddy, wet conditions and drains quickly. If you are used to a soft flexible road shoe, expect to take a little extra time breaking these in. Happy Trail Running!One of the best shades I've worn in a while. Usually I'm the one to wear wayfarers, but definitely changed my style on sunglasses after I started wearing these:).  only good for is to cut the foot out and use for arm warmers.  there are also little bits of white thread woven in sporatically in black socks.  obviously seconds. I am not a large woman, smaller than average.  if wear size 1-3 might be ok, or little girlsThey look great and the length is good bUT they are a little wide in the heel which makes them flop when I walk.It didn't fit
I gave it to a friend, size MLuv the looks & fit of these wedges. I get a lot of compliments. They go with anything I wear.Color is not as vibrant as shown.  I am returning.I received all of the  products I didn't see them on the back porch. Thank you so much they will work out for the benefit concert.One size doesn't always fit all.  They are tight.Definitely runs small! I was offered a partial refund rather than returning them and gave them to a smaller friend! Other than that they seem niceMinute had fell off 3 weeks after delivery.  DO Not BUYI ordered 3 pairs of the glasses 3 differnt colors black,green,and purple the only ones that are polarized are the black ones.I would have preferred a looser fit, it fits very snuggly and I was looking for something more free-flowing.The watch it self is nice but it was in the hand wind section, that's why I bought them. I sell to Amish and hand wind is all they can use!This my second pair of TF 5379FT5379005 and this one is far different from the one I purchased before. The frame is very cheap and does not fit the same as bdeore. I am very disappointed in may ways especially knowing that i paid more for this one.
Very disappointed and will never purchase again!!I really loved these shoes, very comfortable to work in... Was disappointed though they came unglued. Now the company did stand by me, i could of sent them back for full refund, but at the time i wasn't able to. But I would recommend them...Beautiful for my daughter's baptism! Fit as expected and shipped quickly.This watch goes everywhere with me.  Even diving in the Caribbean... Yes you read correctly.  It has been at 80 feet below the water for 10-15 minutes and 40 feet below for 30-45 minutes multiple times.  I cannot say if it stays "water resistant" if you push the buttons at that depth, but don't worry about taking it swimming or washing your hands.  It is a workhorse.Bought for my very picky Mother; she loves the shoes.  Nice look and good fit. This is the second pair I've bought from Propet and I've no regrets.This is a comfortable, cool top that camouflages all your figure failings--my pot belly, for one.  It comes in the most fabulous array of colors and prints that it's almost hard to choose.  Haven't washed mine yet so I don't know how it holds up with washing, and it will probably need some ironing.Everything fit perfectly, no complaints, no adjustments.  Perfect for the Kilt.I guess they are saving money, but the straps on this model are too short.Cute dress!  The fabric is really soft.  Will need to be ironed before wearing again.  My daughter wore this to school with cartwheel shorts underneath and her cowboy boots.  Snaps are sort of difficult to fasten, but I guess that's to keep them from popping open.These are beautiful, exactly what I wanted. A little heavy but comfortable. They're not perfectly symmetrical (one turns forward and the other turns back) but they don't need to be. Totally satisfied.Disappointed. Was not the size it was represented to be. Pain I have to send it backToo wide and the toe opening hurts. The weird cushy sole is uncomfortable. But the biggest pain is the return which is not free. Too get the discounted return you can't just go to the Amazon linked return label, instead you have to go to their website and the get the label. What a pain. Unless you know these shoes will fit from the start don't buy them through this companyThe black material is actually mesh, which was NOT expected. You can totally see my privates when wearing these. I usually wear small size underwear, but went medium to be safe. The waist fits fine, though the straps are a bit too stretchy. But there is very little cloth to cover the front and back. I'm not hung, but my genitals can barely hide behind the mesh; and I got a smaller than average booty, but there's barely any cover up and an obvious wedge in the cracks. I'll keep it though for use in some daring situation.Product is great and looks exactly like the photo. But I wish it was a bit heavier material for a sweater, but I still love it and get many complements by those true Big Bang Theory Fans :)Good fit & quality for the price. Nice color combination. Arrived quickly w/ no problemsThe pants looks like the ad but not wide leg their okI do not recommend this at all. I bend forward and out the girls fall. Too small.The straps on my pair were broken, but the smaller pair were fine, I bought 2 pair and mine were the ones that had to be brokenOrdered same size as all my other wonderwink pants...these were wa my too tonight in the waist. They fit well everywhere but the waist.This scrub top fit a little large. I am usually a medium build in scrub tops and this one fits a little big around the stomach and length but snug around the shoulder area. The fabric is a little rough and non stretchable.This shoe runs small. Order at least a half size up.the size was to small in the arms.I ordered black and received white.Nice shoes, but scuff too easily. They are kids shoes and in my opinion, should not scuff and stain so easily.Very cute! So happy I puchased this dress!Can't wear this coat till the spring. I bought it for the winter?????It was too small. I recommend ordering a size larger & the sleeves are shorter than what I expected.Zipper on the butt broke in just a few days. Sent backThese are my f good quality, but runs way too smallReally pretty shoes, right size, but the sole has ridges. When I tried to wear the shoes, they hurt. They might feel better after I wear them for a while, but I certaintly can't wear them all day the way I can the ones with a smoother sole.

DRPreviously purchased the navy, great, but lost them. Just purchased the purple-theyre not really purple. The color is more of a slightly purplish-maroonish-brownish color. I like the style and fit, and while the seller will accept a return (good communication) - its inconvenient. Ill keep them. But the matte black with purple lenses, isn't really purple.I was so excited for this bag. It appealed to me because of the over the shoulder design. It is comfortable and holds everything I need. Since I am a commuter via train every day, this bag is easy to get on and off and makes it easy to keep close! It is a durable material and has several compartments! I am having a slight issue with one of the zipper seams starting to come in sewed, but the seller has been notified and is handling the issue. It has been a fantastic company to work with and I would continue to buy products from them!This is a REAL, uncompensated review which seems to be be rare for this item! This top is just ok. I am a 36c and I ordered a large. The top fits fine, but the cups just seem a little narrow and would be more flattering if they were a little larger. The shoulder strap is odd and is aligned to attach on the front almost directly over the nipple area in the center of your boob and not more towards the armpit like most tops. Luckily it is removable and the top seems to stay up just fine without it.

I like the twist, but because the cups are too narrow, my right boob has a weird under boob thing showing while the cup sits just fine on the left side. It's strange and will require my vigilance to adjust it a lot when wearing this. I ordered this to go under some tank dresses and beach cover ups, so for that it will serve its purpose, but this will NOT be a top that I just wear around the beach or pool.These socks do feel great and do hold in the heat.  However they do not hold up to washing, and their heat holding ability does diminish after the first wash and dry.  Even after washing and drying, they do retain a bit more heat than ordinary socks, but not nearly so much as when they are new.  If you don't expect them to keep their insulation value after laundering, it's an OK purchase.These are definitely better than nothing. The o key problem I have had is hat they just don't work occasionally, and with no rhyme or reason. Not a huge portion of the time but maybe once out of every ten times. Maybe I get annoyed too easily--because they do work well and they do work the majority of the time. Most importantly of all, they keep my fingers warm while I use my phone.Too long and tighter than expected in waist.Bought for the bride at a bachelorette party. When I opened and fluffed it in the hotel room before the party, so many feathers fell out that I worried housekeeping might have thought we'd sacrificed a chicken. After the initial moulting, it was decent and fluffy enough. I ordered white because I was worried about colors bleeding as other reviewers said, and the last thing I wanted was to dye the bride to be a few days before the wedding, no one needs that kind of stress!
But for the price this is great for a boa you'll just use a few times. Just take it out of the package and shake it out outside, if possible!As having multiple other thermal shirts, this one is very thin and doesn't really do much It will definitely show tattoos through the shirt and is almost see through. I am not sure if the wash shrunk it, but it is a little small to size.Very nice pants I've only worn them once but they were very comfortable and looked great. I was afraid my boyfriend wouldn't let me were them because of the lace cut outs but when they got here and I tried them on the lace cut outs were very small and didn't make the pants look "bad" at all. But the waist band did come all the way up to my navel.wide with fits great around steel toe needs a better insole the plastic form that holds the insole can be felt at the archThese would be awesome if it weren't for the seam that runs down the top of the foot.  It didn't dig in so much that it was painful, but it was noticeable and annoying.  I returned them and got a style that doesn't have that seam.I could wear the shoes every day because they are so comfortable.!Very comfortable!A little too large.The waist band separated from the main body after the 2nd time wearing these. Turned out to be a waste of money.Slide off.Fast and accurate.  Thank you.I've received these what so called SUN Glasses, to find out that it's not Glass rather it's Plastic and I'm not ready to wear it at any Cost.

in the Picture it looks nice but in reality it has nothing to do with that. as well this is not Titanium rather it's normal metal.
Won't recommend it to anyone.I was expecting something better, maybe a little thicker. It doesn't sit flat, it can flip back or forth. I love the message, but I guess you get what you pay for.Nice pants but I ordered 38T for my 6'4" son and they were at least 2 inches to wide on the waist and about 6 inches too long! I never thought I'd find a pair of pants that were too long for him.This is a good looking bracelet, but each time I wear it, I have to be cautious about the clasp becoming undone. The size is perfect for my wrist, so that's not the problem. I think the design is too bulky for the closure to remain secure.I followed the size chart and ordered the size I wear but it was a size too large, which was very dissapointing. But the return was easy, so that makes the purchase much better :) I would recommend to go a size smaller on these scrub pants.Price is good....not quality shoeI was a huge fan of Rocket Dog flip flops...I could walk miles in them, and my feet would be so happy.  But something has changed.  The neon green and neon pink ones I ordered had stiff straps that hurt my feet when I walked.  The soles were stiff as well, and not soft the way they used to be.

I am attempting to return the 5 unworn pairs that I bought from ShoeMall.  Hopefully, the company will empathize and honor my request.

I am so disappointed.  Until I can find a replacement for Rocket Dog, I'll have no choice but to wear tennis shoes.  =(material is a bit thin......Love these shoes, though they are a bit tight. Not the length, but the width, but then again my feet might just be wide! Love the colors, love the tread. Perfect for running on all terrains. Love the Adidas brand and have said in the past that I will not buy a pair of athletic shoes that aren't Adidas!Great hat. But one thing I discovered after receiving it was that I have a very small head. I had to use the band on the back and cinch it up almost as far as it would go so that the hat did not sit on top of my ears.
That caveat aside the hat is great. Keeps the sun off me and is well ventilated.Love itNot a fan. The stones are too big and flip over and are not proportionate with the bar. Wish I hadn't spent money on these.Good looking style, memory foam inner soul feels great and a good price range.Very cute but only came with one glove!7yr old daughter wears them so it would say they run small but she likes them!This style of Bermuda's did not fit me. I have other Jag jeans that I love.I was very excited to receive this. The ring is very pretty. Unfortunately, when it arrived, I noticed it was missing a stone around the cushion part so I ended up returning it :/Shoes that are as cute as they are uncomfortable. I wore these around the house for less than five minutes before experiencing significant pain in the ball of my foot. The material is very stiff, and immediately irritated my skin. But I LOOKED great!I bought my Go Walk Shoes in December.  I found them very comfortable and great to walk in.  Now in less than four months they are about ready for the garbage and I am not hard on shoes.  I use them to walk on level paved ground a mile or so at a time and not every day.  The soft rubber nubs on the sole do not wear well.  The ball of the foot is nearly worn flat.  On the heel of one shoe several nubs are completely gone and it is down to bare rubber. I have walking shoes that I have worn for years that are in better shape.  I think they work better as house slippers than walking or running shoes.  I'm just glad I got them on sale and with a store discount.I love it. I received many compliments.Returned - too baggy.The buttons could be closer together. I have to wear a tank top underneath until I go to bed as the gaps in the buttons open.Very big for my tasteThey don't hold up fully if you're sweating. Part of the pastie unsticked from me and wouldn't stick back even after another use. Not bad I guess...I mean it held on fully for about 3 hours of the first use and then began to slowly unstick after that.Amazon was the only place I could find my exact size...42x32!!!  Great fit and great camo color!!!It's falling alwaysSuper cute... representing the D. But I ordered an 18/24 mo and it's a small 18 mo more like a 12 mo.  Very disappointed.Really a disappointment as far as the fit and the quality. It did arrive quickly, though!Not happy 2 pearls different shape 1 pearl deep line mark !2nd one, last one lasted 5 years and could still be used, just wanted a new one. Great wallet, especially for someone in construction.Love the way they feel and the material feel comfortable. I got Large and I am 36C.Girlfriend liked them, and for the price they are pretty.I love this tank. It's super soft & fits perfect.I have no luck buying jeans over internet.  Crazy baggy.I bought this with high hopes, because I was tired of having to put on a chest strap.  However, it does not accurately measure heart rate for me - it often doesn't agree with either the exercise bike measurement or with counting pulse by hand, and can be off by as much as 50 (though 10-15 is more usual).  Even that could be compensated for if the disagreement was consistently on one side, but sometimes it measures higher and sometimes lower than the other numbers.  As other reviewers have mentioned, the user manual is practically impossible to follow, but even after I finally figured out the basic functions, I found no way to correct the measurement, and I've worn the watch as tightly as possible, or more loosely, or with the sensor against different parts of my wrist, and still it doesn't work.  Having said all that, I do have a heart condition, so it is possible that it would work much better for a healthy person, and the price is much cheaper than other models out there.Boot runs small, have had other 10W wolverine work boots which were most confortable boots owned.  This boot was tight and toes went to the end.  Cannot wear.  Otherwise boot seems well made and attractive, just be aware you may need to order larger size than you normally wouldReturned.Brown "leather" top wore off around the buckle in  two wearings. Completely unwareable now as color difference of material beneath is very noticeable.Great Shoes...Lots of comments, LOVE ITit's not bad for this price.I love these shoes! They're a little bit too big in length and a little too small in width and they hurt my feet but it is totally worth it. I am always getting compliments about these shoes and wear them all the time!I love the color and the style of the shoe. I selected the shoe size I normally wear but unfortunately the shoes are somewhat small and uncomfortable, next time I will select one size larger from my regular shoe size.These are excellent slippers. They are very comfortable, and they stay on my feet. My feet are somewhat narrow, and they fit me well, so if you have wide feet these may not be for you.#bernieorbustThey are not the quality I expected and they are running largeI suppose I am partly to blame but it was larger than expectedLow Quality Applicators - on second use  the foam came off the polish applicator. Polish doesn't cover any scuffs. It goes on nicely, but brushing seems to take off all the color. Nice kit, but not worth it. I will be buying better quality replacements as this runs out.Good buy for price.  As advertised.  Arrived as promised.Good quality material. Has a little bit of spandex which is perfect to keep them from wrinkling. However, they were a bit shorter than I like. fell in the middle of my hips. Didn't cover my backside enough so I returned. Otherwise, the size is true, but I wrote somewhat small, based on the overall length. Colors are nice.Perfect fit!Was told by Mizuno that the foot bed in the Paradox was the closest to the old Wave Alchemy 12.  Well I don't find it to be quite as wide.  While it isn't narrow it simply doesn't have the room of the Wave Alchemy.  Also because of the clear coating on part of the shoe, it doesn't seem to have the same give in the widest part of your foot. This was a much less expensive running shoe than the Wave Alchemy and I don't know why.  But I recently went to a running shoe store and they didn't carry them.  When I asked why they said that they felt they weren't really a durable running shoe.  I haven't had mine long enough to tell.I mean the umbrella is nice to look at, but that's really where it ends. The materials and construction feel chintzyWay too small for my ankleThe color was pretty and shipment was quick. The size run small and fabric too thin and rough.not sexy but you will look ok
Nice dressThese are not true Comfort Soft Shirts from Hanes.  What was sent all have tags and comfort soft not printed anywhere. The photos shown on the listing are different (see photos attached). Thought the price was too good to be true. If you are used to actual comfort soft from Hanes don't purchase this.Not high enough for long necklaces.I purchased this set for my grandson and he was soooo excited waiting for it to arrive.  Once we received it and opened it, all that was there was the bow and 3 arrows.  The description said it came with the indian accessories, but it did not.  My grandson was extremely disappointed and I was mad that I paid 30.00 for a low quality bow and 3 arrows.I bought an extra one because I wear it all the time. It does shrink a little when hand washed and line dried. But still looks great.I'm usually a size 6 or 7, but in order to get a pair that fit, I had to order a size 11. I bought these for work, and my work shirt does have to be tucked in, so that accounts for part of the larger size. I suggest ordering a size or two up. So far they seem very durable and well fitting. The fabric doesn't stretch out too much during the day, so they retain their shape. The only downside is that there are no pockets on the front of the pants. It takes a little time to get used to having to put everything in your back pockets. Aside from the small sizing issue and lack of pockets, these pants are very nice and great for the price :)im not happy with it but just trying to make it even with the cost and shipping. i wear it everyday hoping to gives out right away. then i will throw it away.  justified!Love these socks. Cushy, warm, and durable.A bit boxy. But perfect for ChristmasAs the item name says, it's an XXL.  I bought this because I needed something for an Iron Man costume and the Marvel Iron Man tutu skirt wouldn't come up past my thighs.  However, this was the complete opposite problem.  I'm a size 16 and this was WAY too large on me.  It was actually falling off me throughout the day.

Also, there was some kind of grainy stuff coming off of it.  It was all over everything: my pants, my hands, my phone, everything.  It was like being at the beach all day even though I never stepped foot near one while wearing it.Beautiful watch!Good for the priceLove the color. It fits a little more snug than my other style Nike sports bra but still comfy.These shoes are nice but after a couple of months they look way to worn. I did not wear them everyday either.I purchased this skirt to use for a costume and the elastic wasteband was very small. I was able to get it stretched out and use the skirt for my costume luckily. The material of the skirt was great and very flowy and the length was exactly what I needed. I loved this skirt and would order again if the wasteband was a little larger.Have wide feet, so instead of purchases a size 9, I bought an 8.5 wide, and then had to buy heel grips and an insert to snug them up a bit.  The B width would have definitely been too tight.Decided I would try the sprout since Amazon had the watch on special with a free sprout bag&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Sprout-Earth-Friendly-Organic-Cotton-Sprout-Tote-Bag/dp/B0058PWI0C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Sprout Earth Friendly Organic Cotton Sprout Tote Bag</a>&nbsp;too. I have one watch and it's on it's last leg. I've got a 30-day free trial of Amazon Prime and I received the watch quicker than ever (ordered Monday evening and had it in hand by Wednesday morning)!

I was curious where the watch was made as it's not clearly marked anywhere and their web site FAQ section is quite vague:
Q. Where are Sprout watches made?
A.We source our Sprout watch components from all different parts of the world like Japan, China and the USA. We buy things like corn resin and watch movements from suppliers whom we feel are the best at what they do and who can offer us quality materials at competitive prices. In "shopping around" like this, we can keep Sprout watches at a very reasonable price so everyone can enjoy them!

On the box it says "box made in China" (LMAO) but the only indication I could find of manufacturing location was "JAPAN MOVT" so I called the company to find out where their watches are manufactured.  After being transferred several times and one rep said "it's made in China" (with a "you dumbo" attitude) and another said "humm, who can I give you too" (obviously not wanting to deal with my direct question). I was eventually sent to the manager's voice mail and he still hasn't returned my call. I can't say much for their customer service and they're hiding the fact this us made in CHINA.

STYLE
This is a nice looking watch and I love the bamboo face and stylized numbers. It has a second hand which is bright line green, way cool! The band is cotton, Matt finish, fairly stiff and thick, but I'm sure will loosen up over time. The face is quite small compared to most fashion watches these days, but I like that.

ENVIRONMENT
the question is, is it environmentally correct? You can definetly impress your friends that you're part if the "green" movement by wearing recycled, organic, biodegradable, corn resin, bamboo, cork, eco-friendly timepiece, but in actuality this isn't doing THAT MUCH to save the environment. Global warming is happening at a rapid pace and the only real way to save this planet is to DRASTICALLY REDUCE your carbon output....stop driving big cars, stop using so much electricity, stop buying so much consumer goods, stop creating so much waste, stop producing offspring, etc. Wearing this watch isn't going to do it.

OVERALL
this company makes some very nice looking products and I am happy with my purchase. Some may call me a hypocrite, but I'm just saying buying this watch isn't going to stop the ultimate destruction of planet Earth, Gaia....Pretty shoes; a shame they're so big.I received this product defective. One of the straps that holds the laptop down was ripped of. So much exitement for a big disappointment.Great socks. Like the fit and feel. Tough to beat for the price.Good shoes, but run small.Excellent fit and very comfortable. Wash well and overall a great deal. Will order again as they have new styles.I bought these shoes to go with a bridesmaid dress. They are cute and seem comfortable however they are fairly narrow. I wear a size 9 in this brand with no problems but my feet hang off the sides just a smidge. They don't seem tight or anything and I don't usually have this problem but these may be made for people with 'skinny' feetYou get what you pay for. I bout this tie for a spur of the moment event. I love the color and design.
In regards to the Tie Knot; the knot was so tight it was the size of my pinkie nail. And that was with a double wrap.  The tie gotten the job doneI only wear size 6-1/2 shoes in women's and these are way too small!!They cause blisters on my significant others feet from rubbing of the materialDress quality presents MUCH better online!!I love the fit and the feel of Wrangler Men's Classic Regular Fit jeans.way too short for my husband. Hes 6 foot. returning..Customer service lousy...shoe too small..if you go bigger it's too big..Starting to lose the hem at the bottomA bit more narrow than crocs usually are.I'm in-between a 34C and 32D and this bra had a horrible fit.Love the look & they were comfy except the strap over my toes was super tight. I thought it would loosen so I wore them around the house & got a blister. I have skinny feet so the strap is just too small!!sent them back.The briefcase was delivered very fast and it looks good. However, one the very first day I use it, the metal piece at the end of the main inside zipper was gone.bought it for the hubby. He is very happy with it.Really a lovely suit that flatters and hides all areas that need to be hidden.  It does run a little small in the top but nothing terrible.A good shirt at a good price.  Runs a little small and did not fit my grandson but his sister was able to wear it...It's a nice looking jacket but is sadly cut much too slim. I can normally wear an XL in any women's garment, and sometimes even L depending on how it's cut, but this XL is too tight to zip up. So unfortunate because it's just what I wanted. :-(The shoesI first ordered the Large, because reviews warned that it ran small.  I had to give that one to  co-worker who weighs about 100 pounds.  I then ordered an XL.  It sorta fits (but it was a little cold this morning, and I tried to wear it over a little heavier blouse - no way).  I just now tried to order an XXL, but it doesn't go that large, just XL.  Now, I weigh about 135 and not considered to be a large woman (and I usually order M in these over sweaters, when they are made in the U.S).  I do like it but wish it were roomier for my bosom.wish I would have ordered a size smaller as they fit somewhat large. Ordered them for the arch support, for me they really don't seem to have itI purchased these looking for a stylish, leather boot that would give some traction in cold/wet weather. The shoes are well made, comfortable, have great support, and the 11W fit true to size. The only disappointment was the "non-slip" sole. They slide on EVERYTHING except rough concrete or asphalt. The sole is a relatively hard plastic with very little texture or grab. They slid on dry surfaces and wet.

They're a cute fall boot if you live in a dry area and more spend time outside, but I wouldn't recommend them otherwise. Walking on tile or sealed concrete floors was a challenge, to say the least!I've ordered this brand before, hence a repeat buy.  I like Jockey brand a lot.  They wear well, wash well.Looks very cheap for the price. Wilson's pure leather wristlets were on sale for $5...I ordered a 6x they didn't even fit. I won't be ordering these again, Thank you for making them available, but they need to get their sizes figured outNo coments this time every thing fit good ...Very well made braceletBack came off in like 2 weeksLove these!  They match everything!This was just what I expected it to be, from reading the other reviews. In fact, it is even nicer than I thought it would be.  It is a nice size, the color is beautiful, and it is soft.  I think it is a great deal, and I may purchase more. It is a great way to dress up an outfit! I purchased the blue, to match jeans, so that tossing it over your shoulders with a nice sweater makes an nice appearance. I think having a white one and a lavender one would be great.The back seem separated so much that I'm afraid to wear them because I don't want an oopsie at work.  Liked them before that....now I really can't wear them.  Disappointed with quality control.UglyI ordered size 9 and was sent size 7. They didn't have a size 9 in stock to exchange. Which makes me wonder if they even had them in the first place. I had a hard time returning them because they required special handling and I had to make several phone calls, before being promised that a return label would be emailed to me, the label wasn't emailed so I had to make more phone calls, finally received label, I took package to the UPS ended up having to pay 2.00 shipping on a prepaid package! Overall it took 3 weeks to resolve. I am so upset because I ordered them for my birthday vacation which is today-I had to wait for my refund to order more from the original Toms website. Today is my birthday and I still haven't received my shoes!!!! Very disappointed.Very poorly constructed. Put in my Goodwill bag.fits well and strong material.fits greatMe encant gracias!Exactly what I was looking for.  Perfect shade of red.no arch support, really uncomfortable :/ not happy with SkecherspriceNot official merchandise AT ALL. Came from a printer in China. Took two weeks to arrive. Shirt was true to size except the collar, which fits like a XXXL.I've purchased these shoes for my daughter at a local store for $15 more, so it's nice to get a price cut online. I was a little worried about purchasing them online knowing they fit a little small, but I ordered based on her growth and they fit perfectly!The watch looks beautiful and I am quite impressed that one can get such an elegant looking watch at such a good price especially on prime day. Very happy with the purchase and will wear this on special occasions.IT'S LIKE FOR PREGNANTok, not what I not quite what I  expectedI kept fighting with the plastic all night... they kept loosening ...This is a cute coat, but don't be expecting anything fabulous for the price. It's priced cheap, because the fabric is cheap.sporty and comfortableThis is my 2nd time purchasing this product.  My last one was stolen by my best friend who also has a sapphire birthstone.  This product is wonderful! Great quality.  Very pretty.  As advertised.Very cute and very realistic! Just wish my iPhone 6S would fit!I recently bought two pairs of Carhartt canvas short pants for men with a cell phone pocket.  I have a narrow waist but developed legs.  Rarely do I get a pair of pants that fit both.  The 31-inch waist Carhartt shorts fit better than any off-the-rack pants I have ever had.  And they are sturdy without feeling heavy.  I usually hate all the extra bulk that comes with extra pockets in Cargo pants.  But the two small unobtrusive cell phone pockets in the Carhartt canvas shorts come in handy without weighing me down.  Highest rating!Awful product don't buy you will regret this it's way to shiny and not woth it at All j j .Good design with the pockets, shape, and looks, but it fell apart within 3 days of use on my vacation.I think this is a beautiful dress but work for someone with a larger chest. It didn't come close to even covering mine. Had to return it.Arrived smashed.This not a work boot  It is stamped on the bottom of the boot that it isn't to be used as a work boot.  Very misleading that it was a fashion boot not a true work boot.not as refined as the pic however same basic shape....... cheap metal  and poorly cutthe heel and instep fit fine put the toe is a little wide it is in the narrow widthWhile these shoes appears to be similar to the Ecco Cross, they do not have the same fit or arch support.  They seem to be well constructed, but I am extremely disappointed that Ecco discontinued the Cross style shoe.These are great pants and I love them.  They wash nicely, keep the color and don't wrinkle.  Would definitely buy again.Very cute! It looks very full and has a lot of texture! The length barely covers the buttocks and it's see-through, so you have to wear something underneath. Very Good Quality. Shipped from Great Britain and took full length of time to get here (2 weeks), so don't buy if you need it quick. Also, package doesn't have tracking.Prefer the less expensive product myself.I'd first like to say that this is a beautiful pair of cleats... it was difficult trying to find a pair of cleats that would fit my daughter's foot that wasn't covered in rhinestones and hearts. This gorgeous tangerine and aqua combo was perfect for my strong girly girl... feminine without sacrificing function. Unfortunately the shipping was a disaster and it marred the experience. Very sad that these weren't available for prime. Very disappointed.For a Disney Cruise.Based on reviews, I really wanted to like this. I really need a strapless bra that works for me, but this was a big fail. It's way too pointy, the top of the cups stick out and don't sit flush with the body, and the band was too tight (I'm a solid 38D in all of my other bras, but this 38D was too tight). It was really not flattering and could be seen under shirts. 2 stars because the fabric was nice, and the bra has the rubber to help hold it up.I LIKE THIS SHOESNot like other ASICS shoes I've purchased in the past. Very cheap look and feel when they arrived. They pinched at sides and top of foot. Felt like my heel was going to slip out of shoe when walking. I've worn ASICS shoes for years and feel like these were a "Knock-Off" of the Brand. Very disappointing. I was looking for a low priced beginners tennis shoe and these were not the ones. I purchased Nike Air cage Court for about the same price and am very satisfied with their performance and feel.The little stickies don't really work very well, and the nails aren't very flexible, so if they don't quite fit your finger there's not much you can do about it.Propper Men's Lightweight Tactical Pant
Good fit. I received a matching belt when I ordered the black ones. These sadly did not come with one as pictured. (kinda why I ordered them)
Now I am somewhat let down and most likely will  not order more in the future.Need a better arch for the littles but otherwise a great shoeI've had several Timex Expedition watches over the years. I love their styling and durability for my lifestyle, and rely heavily on the Indiglo feature. It's a shame there aren't more women's Expedition styles available, like the men's; there's a comparatively narrow range to choose from for women. The price point of this one appealed, and I liked the look. Before buying, I noted another reviewer complained that the hands weren't easy to see, but other buyers dispelled that. I must say, I agree with her. Perhaps it's because my eyesight is not what it once was, but in dim lighting, it is very hard to see the hands and I often have to ask others to read my watch for me! The hands do seem a silly design--really Timex would have done much better just to make them solid silver. Still, it feels good to wear and I like the look. I'm not put off the Expedition style, but will be much more aware of the hand design next time.I actually had to double check if this is a men's or boys jacket.  Way too small and poor quality.  Highly recommend you keep looking.Way too large.  And not the same problem with another vendor with another SHOE FROM THE SAME DESIGNER.  Returned and didn't get a full refund.  Don't buy this.Not very strong, they break fast.Cute and super spacious, but broke in less than 6 months. I've bought cheaper that lasted longer.I like the colour and the look. But the sole is surprisingly heavy so I can't see myself wearing this for hours on end or walking for more than 5-10 mins in it.  In that respect, the quality isn't the same as the other Nine West shoes I've bought.GOOD QUALITY, GOOD PRICE,  BUT I RETURNED WITHOUT EXCHANGING SIZE BECAUSE IT WAS TOO SMALL AND I AM A TRUE SIZE 9.This item for me was crap! didn't  come with instructions it was torn and flimsy when I finally put it together. The cubbies are only big enough for doll purses. I do not recommend it!Very cute, but one sock out of the 12 had a hole in them.Item fit well but was so wrinkled I am sure what happened to it. It was much more wrinkled than anything I have ever bought online.  I buy a lot of cloths online and this has made me question the items ageThis is really pretty. However it was too big on me and I got a smaller size than usual. I am also short. This just overall didn't look well on me. I also had a difficult time with the garter straps. They were too long even after adjusting them. And one strap completely fell off at one point during the event I wore it to.I have a couple pairs of Bare Traps Laguna wedge clogs and they are my favorite pair of winter shoes. I have searched for so long to find something comparable, and I found the OTBT brand. I normally wear a size 7, but sometimes wear a 6.5. I ordered a 6.5 in this shoe and it fits just fine. The shoe itself is hard and needs to be broken in, and then it will be perfect. Very comfortable. I've only worn the pair once so far, and the second pair once as well. Hoping the heels stand up as a lot if people were reviewing that the heels broke down after 3 wears.The side you see looks awesome, right?  turn it over, and you're missing the other half!  Unfortunately, I didn't have time to return it,  and luckily it didn't seem to bother my granddaughter, but I expected a little better.My dad is 6'1" and suffers from back and neck issues. He doesn't have to bend at all to get his shoes on with this bad-boy.  Both longer and better made than a previous shoe horn I got for him years ago. Excellent product!Crocs seem to have changed their sizing in general, so if you have an old pair (5+ years or more) and they are tight, you might want to order up one size.Way to thinIt fit great. Helped me win best costume dressing as George R.R Martin.My boots arrived the other day and I wanted to find and excuse to leave the house so I could wear them.  I purchased the red boots.  They are beautiful!  100% WOW.  My only complain this they seen a little tight over the bridge of the foot, but I am guessing they will stretch and all will be okay and if not the boots are so cool I will wear them anyway.  I did think about exchanging for a 6 (purchased a 6.5), but I was afraid they would get too long with the pointy toe.Not crazy about the rope across the top... Makes the shoes too tight and not able to loosen like the tie in the other Sperrys I have.  They are cute but not comfortable for me.  If you have a wide foot or bunions...... Not a good choice at all.These best sandals I've owned in a long time -- stylish yet simple.  It's difficult for me to find a sandal that fits well and look nice too (mainly because I don't wish to pay much money for sandals).  These were well worth the extra expense.I really like the design and color is very cheerful. However, the material is very thin and not as nice as I expected.Sexy looking but cuts into my bunion at toe cleavage area.  Great substitute for Loubouton though!I'm 110, slender built and ordered the xs because that's what I usually wear in clothing/pants are 0-1.  I'm petite but I have curves and I'm fit. Wanted to try this to give a little (natural) boost. But this was way too tight around my things.  It definitely did what it's supposed as far as lifting but not in a flattering way. I think it was just too tight making it look so unnatural (thigh-butt gap ratio was unrealistic. I think a size up or 2 might be better.It was way too small ,verry sad about it!I returned this shirt.  Amazing feeling lightweight material but it was too short on me.  I knew it would shrink in the wash.  I'm 5'10" and tones, just like model in picture but the shirt came down to where my pants buttoned so I knew after a wash or two I would be showing my belly button.Normally I love Cobian sandals, but these fit very different. The fit was small.Poor battery life and not many enticing features. An impulse buy that I now regret.iTS GOOD BUT ITS HARD TO KNOW WHAT EXACTLY SIZE I USE CAUSE I BUY ONE THAT IS TO FIT FOR MY FEETComfortable except should have got a 9.5...they are too shortArrived Damaged and appeared possiby used, but we needed them for the next day so it was between returning them and going without and wearing damaged shoes. This was not a fun situation to be in.The shorts fit size wise fine, but the length was too short. I returned them.Review should not be required for an item that does not fit, excessive documentation for such a simple answer.  It does not fit.The product fits great and is of high quality.  I was surprised that it arrived 2 days later than we expected.I love this dress.  I purchased 8 of these for a production od Damn Yankees, and my actresses not only look great, but they love the dresses too.I liked theses but they were way to big in the heel.  I have a narrow foot.  I returned them.  And that's what I love about Amazon!!!I got lots of compliments on these pants.  They are great with my brown Riding boots.These are great as far as comfort and the light-weight feel.  I am a nurse and am on my feet for hours and they still feel good.  Only complaint is that after only one shift the pink color is worn off in several places and they already have big white marks on them just from wear.This swim suit is seemingly well made and feels to be of good quality. It is a little smaller that I expected, but fits ok. the top is a little strange. basically the sewed a loop around the center between the cups and then threaded a bit of fabric through it which you are supposed to tie. it is not comfortable, and I doubt I will ever wear it. the bottoms however are pretty great! They are good quality, very soft, and fit well. I will probably end up wearing them with a different top though.I gave this watch as a New Year gift to my dad a year ago.  The purchase price was $250.  It came in a really nice box and my dad loved it.  The watch worked well for the first couple of months, but then started losing time and the 'month dial' was not working properly. The watch needed winding everyday and would stop working at random times.  Even after getting it repaired from Stuhrling, it is still having the same problems.  I feel Stuhrling is selling a cheap watch for an outrageous price.  I would never buy a Stuhrling watch again.Legs are very tightThe color wasn't what I expected from the picture. It was more of a pinkish tan. The bottoms do fit small I normally wear medium and I had to get a large and they still are a tad snug.  But the upside is there is good padding in the topIt is not that comfortable, have to return it.I bought these shoes to wear in the restaurant I serve. They are so comfortable. I used to wear Crocs, but the transition to these has been much more pleasant than expected. The only thing I'd note is that the non-plastic material is comfortable, but not super protective. Meaning, if you drop something on your foot, or get them wet, you will feel it.This are not 18G as describedOnce again I received a non-functioning watch. That makes two different Roberto Bianci's in a row. It seems that when a watch is priced very low they don't work??? I even tried changing the battery but the movement was dead...This is not great quality, but it was only a couple dollars. It will serve more as a sentimental gift than a practical piece of jewelry. it is perfect for my 9 yr old to give to me sister as a thank you.Sizing is to small and quality isn't the best you could see thru the shirt when you hold it up to the light. Guess you get what you pay for.Boot fits smaller than expected.
I requested an exchange and will try a full size larger. Hopefully that will do the trick because I really like the boots.This shrug is super comfortable and cute! It fit as expected. I would recommend this shrug!Man, you other reviewers weren't kidding about the short torso! I'm 5' 3" so I assumed it wouldn't be a problem (I ordered a small), and though the costume as a whole (leg and arm length) is overall the correct height , the torso appears to have been made for someone at least 2 inches shorter than me. I plan to make alterations. Not bad enough to send back. The ranking pips are quite lovely, better than expected actually, and the combadge is decent (light enough so it doesn't pull down on the relatively thin fabric. You will be VERY warm in this material, despite how thin it is. And when I say thin material, it's not as thin as many other Halloween costumes typically are, so that was a relief. The collar isn't entirely show-accurate, but it's not really a big deal. Despite some fit issues, I'm still pleased overall.Theses are by far the worst pair of boots i have ever owned and i am 67 and have worn boots of one kind or another all my life. the sizing is not even close. I have put maybe 10 to 12 miles walking on these and they are still very uncomfortable. When you put them on its like puting your foot in a ski boot that has no lining at all its terrible.Nice shirt and the image quality is good. The size was very big compared to other shirts my husband  has in the same size. I would recommend  ordering a size down.These shoes are cute and very comfortable! I wore them at an outdoor wedding and kept them on the whole time. The don't look chunky the way some wedges do. I'm very happy with my purchase - these will be my go-to wedding shoes for a while.Perfect & she loved them!They were a little small but doable.It's gorgeous but its to big. Can I return it & get my money back?This product is good for single use only.  The headband does fit secure, however, the rods that attach it are  flimsyService was excellent. Received in less than five days. A lot bigger than I thought. Maybe too big and heavy for me. Otherwise niceI was quite upset the chain broke twice. I was able to try to do something to fix it. The purse was sitting on my dresser waiting for the party. I was unable to use the chain at all. I give the purse no stars because of the broken chain. See the attached picturesI bought this watch for nursing school because I wanted something cheap, water proof, and with military time. I was excited to receive this watch because it had everything I wanted, and after testing it, it is indeed waterproof. The hands also glow in the dark. I have been wearing it daily since I received it, and it does not rub or bother me at all, which is more than I expected since I never wear watches normally. I haven't quite figured out what I would use the rotating bezel for, but it's nice to have for when I do. The only thing I do not like is that when I rub it on my jeans, parts of it turned blue a little on the edges. It's not noticeable, and when I put a little bleach on it, it came right off. If it came in other colors, I would buy another one! Highly recommend for those looking for an affordable, great working watch.Very cute with the bow. It is a little floppy, as it is made of suede as well. But the boot is soft, and comfy. It is a short boot. They say to order them snug to form to your feet. For adults that is great, but more difficult for kids who need room to grow. We did end up ordering a size up anyways.nice but not so comfortableFits nice, but the colors in the chevron print do not match. One side has green stripes in it, the other side does not. Other than that it's fine length wise also.My only complaint is that I wish the inseam could be 2 inches longer.  In order to get that, I would need to get an xtra large, but the waist would be too big.very badJunk.  Our child didn't even get to the bus stop on the first day of school before the lunch bag fell off.  The inside "fabric" also started ripping after the first day.  I will be returning the bag as it is not worth the $20 I paid for it.I recently purchased a few pair of socks, one being the hamburgers and fries for my Moms birthday. She thought they were a hoot. I think they're well made and the dark background makes it easy to wear them outside of the house!  I would recommend this company to a friend.The shoes are great..sizes are a little on the larger side but not too much,nice shirt.My son didn't get the chance to wear the garment. I washed the garment in casual cycle and it had a whole the size of a quarter in the upper chest area after wash. Waste of my time and money.Wonderful shoe. Perfect fit for my bad feet. Very comfy.  I came back to buy more but price was up by $20!  Guess I just get to have one pair.  I definitely recommend them....but not at such a high orice.  $59 way too much for flats.The design and the color choices are nice, but I feel this shoes (at full price of $109) is over-priced. Merrell makes a great shoe and I really like their style options. This shoe is comfortable and true to size but ends up with lots of buckling on top because of the extra room (I have average foot width)...expected it to fit more like a "glove" as the name suggests.Watch band too small. After it broke,bought a bigger band @ Walmart. Since then,
no problems w/ watch other than replacing the battery. Watch function works great.didn't like this shirt. thin materials and showed all the curves and bumps underneath that I was trying to mask with the tunic! :)love it , quality is excellent and is very comfortableThese are cute and exactly as pictured. Want in more colors.nice clothesNice looking but to big to wear. Nice old style antiquish look to it if you like that style.I purchased these from US POWER SELLERS and could not have been more pleased!  They answered all of my questions, got me in the right size and style I needed and these Persol's 714's are the most comfortable sunglasses I have ever owned!  The polarized lenses are sharp and clear and the UV under coating for anti-reflective glare are amazing.  I believe these folding Persol's will last a lifetime, as I am sure I will care for them with extra tenderness.  I also like the new folding down ear pieces much better than my P0O714SM Steve McQueens (which I retired for their high value) that folded inward and were more ackward to put away.  Any way you go, you can't go wrong with these Persol's!The watch has a lot of unique features. I've received lots of compliments on this. It is easy to wear because it is so light weight and comfortable. It is all wood. The color of the wood stain is very close to the photo, however the photos don't do it justice. It is really rich and the wood has a very smooth finish. The band was very large but it came with a tool to remove the links very easily. My watch arrived with the face crystal cracked. As soo as I reported it to the customer service for this product their response was wonderful. I sent them photos of the watch and the box. They sent me a new one and I returned the flawed one. I recommend this watch for anyone who wants a unique and beautiful watch.Its a very fine bracelet, however, the links were much too small for my liking.Cheaply made, doesn't hold cuff links well. Disappointing, not what I was wanting or expectingI'm petite and this doesn't even cover my butt. Way too short to be considered a dress. I considered keeping it as a tunic/long sweater but it just looks bunchy and bulky.They look perfect but These shoes are tight for a Medium.  I fit into a size eight and have normal size caffs.  I had to stretch the caffs out so they would fit not so tight.  I needed them for a convention and if you are going to be walking all day in these shoes. Your feet will KILL!  There is no padding.  I wear high heels all the time so I didn't think a 2 inch heel would effect me but there is no support on these boots.Sizing runs small, I have never had a problem with size 8 which I ordered, but my toes were smushed and very uncomfortable to walk. Based on mixed reviews for sizing they must be inconsistent in their manufacturing. Very cozy and cute however.Very cheap product. Didn't last very long.Love this bag.This product broke after 2 months.  Don't waste your time.the leather tanning bad because the coulour change and with the slightest touch of shoes afect him.I purchased this dress off the BCBG site directly. See photo, it gave the impression it was MUCH longer. The Amazon photo is much more accurate, but even that shows longer then the actual. It barely covers my bum! I ordered a Medium, but even if I go up a size, not sure it will give it more length. Other than the issue of exposing my backside, it is really cute - soft and pretty. I will consider it with a few pairs of non-slimming tights (you would be able to see the control top part because it is that short) but not sure I will keep it.Both started to fall apart within the first month I had 'Em! Won't go there, again!Manufactured for smaller and slimmer men.  Would like to return it.Very bulky, the wires were uncomfortable and did not look good under my clothes.The wig only took a week to ship to the US, I am very impressed. The length is to my hips , looks longer in the picture. This wig is very thin but looks natural, it is super soft and the only negative thing is the cap is small for my head. But not noticeable.Fast shipping, packed nice, and I love my ring.  It is perfect size, shiny, beautiful and sparkly.  Love this ring.  I recommend highly.I have worn some of these twice and had to sew holes that developed in the seam between the toe piece and the sock!I have a pair of bdu's from a different manufacturer in a size large, and I swim in them with wool pants on underneath them. this brand in size medium fits closely with just underwear on. I'm returning them for a large size.
also, the pockets seem kind of shallow.Wish the colors were reversed and I would have kept it ....  I ordered a large (normally a Med on top 34C) and it was loose like I wanted but not baggy.  The shelf bra is nothing but that plus two padded nip circles that where just randomly thrown in with it not attached to anything nor any place tho put them?  That didn't bother me because I always rip out the pads anyway.  But it was see through dry so no way it wouldn't be see though wet .....  so back it went ....  to bad because it was cute just wish the colors were reversed (dark on the torso light on the arms)Reasonably priced but too tight and small.  Fabric is not stretchy like most socks.  Barely keep my hands warmNo rhinestones,  silver sequencesBought the band as a replacement for my casual Nixon watch. Nixon refuses to sell alternative bands for their watches (to protect their look) but this band allowed me to give my watch a better looking and comfortable rubber band. The band is nice and thick and seems like a sturdy product.Frankly I was concerned these would be too small for a man after reading the comments but they are just fine. This style reminds me of Ray Bans round aviators. Comfortable and lightweight. I live in the desert and these lenses work great for blocking glare. One thing to be aware of is the tint is dark. You will be taking them off if you go inside but I like them that way. After all they are sunglasses! These are going in the car as my new driving glasses! Last thing very impressed with the way these where packaged and the stuff you get for the price. Used only a day but again for the price it beats the cheap drugstore brands!This is a North Face rain coat.  I do not know how it fits, since I am taking it with me to Singapore, but it looks great.  If it fits like the North Face jackets, it should be fine.Firstly the directions included are incorrect - you press T in the air to lock in the weight. Secondly, this product does not work with something like a 40lb suitcase. You have to hold it so steady that it is impossible to keep steady and lock in a weight on a large bag. This product does not work.