The red feather part of the helmet is missing please send.Painful to set, buttons are too small and the whole process is too complicated. I tried setting atleast 4 watches for about half an hour. Couldn't set a single one. I returned the whole set in an hour of opening it!Dont buy it... poor finish and thin... material...

My shirt just came apart........ it sucks...This item bleeds dye like crazy. I look like a giant human bruise after wearing it for 5 minutes. It's also very poor quality. Started falling apart before I even had it all the way on.Way to big  I buy 4x pant all the time but these 3 pair I just bought is ridiculously way to big !
Very disappointed
MartinThe edge is really sharp and the tiger and dragon were switched aroundThe first vacation we went on with this piece and the wheels started to bend out.  Apparently the wheels couldn't handle the weight of the amount of clothes that the compartment was created for, which by the way got on the airplane without any additional fees for weight.  So this bag was not designed with actual travel in mind, if you like buying luggage to have in your home and imagine traveling with it this is a nice looking bag.My husband wears a medium in everything, so he ordered a medium. The shirt is way too small - fits more like a size small or even an extra small.  Also the logo is about 3 inches off center, so it looks extremely weird when worn.Amazon is misrepresenting the picture. On screen it looks like metal watch but actually it is cheap plastic. Also it is too expensive what what it is. I bought it as a gift and got embarassed. Do not buy it!Didn't realize the blouse was see through.Received counterfeit shoes from seller (MilliKix). Stitching was completely off for each show. Had thin insoles and the soles were horribly made. Some of the stitching was already frayed. Ordered a size 9.5 but the actual size was more like a size 10.I purchased this for my 6-year-old's Halloween wolf costume. It wasn't expensive (around $5), but it was a waste of money. It smelled horrible (like chemicals/plastic/toxic), and it was very badly out of shape. It looked ridiculous on her and on us (we tried it out to see if it was okay for an adult, but it wasn't). It just was out of shape and smelled horrible. Even if it fit, I wouldn't have let my daughter wear this because I would've felt like they would've been sniffing something toxic.I like the shorts, it was nicely designed, comfortable, and it has a lot of pockets.  The only problem is the quality of the materials when it comes to  durability.  I only wore it 4 times with normal usage and the front left side of the pants just tore when I sat down.  I have other walking shorts that I've been using for years which have faded but are still comfortable to use and are still in great condition.  The sad part is, I bought 3 of these shorts in different colors.Socks for a week.The plastic between the toes gave me blisters! Birkenstock's quality has become so cheap. I will be looking for a different brand in the future.Too cushiony and crowded for my liking.  I have narrow feet, and these felt too narrow.  The soles seem to be meant for outdoors.  They feel like platforms.  Too hard to walk in.Bought it for a friend, but received a pair of worn shoes. Had to return. Amazon locker is so convenient.Company sent me an adult size not childrens. That made me so angry, but whats worse is they screwed up and want me to pay for shipping to rectify the problem? ummm no way! I guess I will wear these gigantic child looking shoes as slippers around the house.Broke with in 2 weeks of having it very cheaply madePoorly madeThis chain was much flimsier and cheap-looking than it appeared in the photo, but what did I expect for  5 bucks, right?  Also, I couldn't work the clasp at all.  I gave it away to someone for free because I didn't think it was worth the trouble to send back.Small sizes order one size upThis item is to small I cannot even begin to button the first row.Crap! Zipper broke in less than a week and I am soft and careful with my things.bought it for my 8 year old son before the holidays. the zipper does not work properly and is getting stuck in multiple places.Very cute shoe and very comfortable.  However, after wearing for 1 day, there seems to be something that broke or something below the padding.  Every time I walk, it does a loud click sound like the support broke or something.  I threw away the box, and don't know if I can return it, but very annoying when walking.This item description said it was a waist trainer. It was a gift. When my wife got it she told me its a more like a bell band not a waist trainer. Waist trainer have the wire in the product. She will keep it but says it not what she wanted.Poor quality. Product made in China.I'm not a fan of these leggings.  They just don't do an shaping at all.  Much to loose and the thick fabric (while probably nice for cold climates) isn't particularly flattering.  I think Spanx has much better products than this.What a waste of money, the hat looked horrible, not like the photo at all, the material is very cheap it shouldn't cost that much money, if I figured it was shipped from China, I wouldn't buy it at all, now there's no way to return it, what a painNot enough compression in my opinion. Too elasticZipper doesnt work on big compartment.These are ridiculously longThe Material is extremely bad, the designs color doesn't fit with the base pattern, and in some parts the ink looks spread, and the design looks like a stain. TerribleThe sharks are stickers and do not stay on the sole.  They started coming off on the first day they were worn, and were completely off by day 3.The shirt is made well and a cute style. Unfortunately with the white it was too thin even with a cami under it, so I sent it back.You definitely need to wear a slip under this- the back is VERY sheer.
Unfortunately, I didn't have one the night I needed this dress, so I returned this item.Larger than I expected. Perhaps it would have been more accurately depicted if it had been shown on a wrist. It is not as attractive as it appeared. Quality is just okay.Flattens your boob and spreads it out...not very flatteringThis hat is very hard! It cannot be moved or shaped in any way, and mine came with big scuff marks all over it in black and orange, and not the cool kind that make it look worn :( The pink color is actually more of a salmon orange pink mix that is not pretty at all. I am really bummed out because this hat had a lot of good reviews, but the one I got was 100% unacceptable and is being returned.I recently purchased 3 of these. All fit as expected. However, all 3 have an odd odor. Somewhat like a mold or mildew odor. Since I laundered all 3 when purchased and hoped the odor would disappear with laundering, I own them and I am disappointed for sure. I've used vinegar. I've used baking soda. They have been washed many times and many ways trying to get rid of the odor. It doesn't go away. It is offensive and not something I would wear. Since I've purchased these before from other sources without an odor issue, I'm inclined to believe it is something with this particular vendor and won't use them again.Bought the same item at local store with "genuine leather" construction labeling.  Although the Amazon description says "genuine leather" the actual belt is labeled "genuine leather lining, bonded leather top". The difference in material is noticeable, it's a little lighter weight and the texture/color not as pleasing and different from pictured. I also dislike bonded leather because it tends to crack with wear.Have been wearing the classic underwire version of this bra for years now and it is my favourite bra bar none.
Unfortunately, it has become very hard to get so I decided to get this padded version thinking that the fit would be the same. It isn't at all.
This bra is double layered to hold the removable foam pad (which I promptly removed). However, this bra's cups do not strtch as much as the other model and give me the uniboob look despite the underwire. It is very uncomfortable. A huge disappointment given that the original model is so perfect. I bought two of these and will not be able to wear them at all.I've had a bunch of 560s in the past and love the way the fit.  I have been the same size for the past 10 years but the new 560 that I just received is 4" longer than my current 560s that I own.  Same size on labels.  I need to return and find a store to try on.Nice bag but I am disappointed because I bought about a month ago and have carried two weeks when the strap broke. The D-ring on the.side of bag broke. Not where sewn to bag but the leather broke in half. I am NOT happy.Returned it.  Way to small.  Not for people with any kind  sizeShirts were supposed to be a 3X but fit my daughter in law who is a size largenot very comfortable to wear. Don't think I will purchase them again.I am a medium small size always and I ordered a medium expecting it to be a little big but it was waaaaaay too small it was like a children's smallThe shoes fit too smallLooks cool but doesn't do anything for your beer.They ran small and didn't fit my husband. We returned them.I was so excited to get this watch. It looks very clean and I actually wore it for my wedding. However, on the third time I went to put it on the strap broke. Obviously not very well made. Just disappointed overall.

**Update, it fell off of my dining room table (approx 3-4 ft) and the face broke. Don't waste your money.Disappointed, while it appears to be my size I have not tried it on cause it arrived with stains and hairs on it .I purchased these same shoes in black direct from Macy's a year ago and there are quite a few differences:

1). Sizing - Given I already owned a pair in black in 7.5 I figured the sizing would be the same. Wrong! The 7.5s were substantially smaller. Unfortunately, I had a wedding to attend the next day and forced myself to squeeze into them and ordered the next size up after the event. It wasn't until weeks later that I really found the time to inspect the differences between what were supposed to be "the same" shoe.

2). Material - The Macy's pair in black is a smooth, soft, buttery leather. The Amazon pair is a rigid hard plastic that hurts to walk in and stains the backs of my ankles

3). Product Information - The product information (size/model/origin) is not oriented the same on the inside of the tongue. And the identification numbers on the bottom of the soles are on the opposite side of where they should be.

This will be the last pair of shoes I order on Amazon

3.) Tags - The product information on the inside tongueDidn't like fabric too thin****UPDATE *******
I meant everything that I originally wrote below when I gave this product a 5-star rating. However, since then I have changed my mind and have dropped my rating significantly.
Inevitably one will get caught in the rain here in Florida, when I did the red on the inside of the shoes ran all over the white so now I have blue and splotchy pink stripe shoes.  I tried using soap and a rag to see if I could lighten the pink and while the pink stayed brite the navy blue got significantly lighter. I'm  so disappointed as I liked them a lot when they were brand new.

I absolutely love these shoes.  I have a high-ish arch so don't really like the feel of a flat sandal, but the current style in most strappy sandals is so high they are not practical.  This sandal is the best of worlds.  A gentle slope from platform to heel provides great arch support and is very stable.  Feels like walking on a squishy pillow.  Lighter than they look. Way way too cute to be Crocs.  Love the quick release clasp, just look at it well before you unbuckle,  so you know how it goes back together.  Once you get used to it you will love it. I am consistently a size 7 1/2.  These are not available in half sizes so I ordered an 8 and it fits great.  The blue/white stripe goes with almost everything.  Selected the free shipping option, they were on my front porch 4 days later.  Like them so much I just ordered the orchid color with gray heel, can not wait for them to arrive.This wallet is obviously fake. It's not leather, and the seams were already ripping when I opened it. Very disappointing.My two other pairs of orthaheel slippers have totally saved me. I had terrible foot pain for years and had tried everything and nothing worked. Well these slippers almost put me right back to where I was. One day of wearing them and my feet have been hurting for a few days now. The insert is no where near as supportive as my other pairs.  I was so looking forward to have a cozy pair of orthaheel slippers but sadly these will not work.Flimsy and flat. No support at all. My feet hurt within minutes of walking around the house. These were cheaply made and the tongue of the shoe felt like it was sewn on with a few stitches as an afterthought. I was very disappointed. I've purchased "inexpensive" shoes before and have been less than thrilled but these were so bad,  so flimsy, so cheaply made that I took them off, packed them up and shipped them back the next day. Amazon is amazing. No hassle returns. Thank you Amazon for making the return a pleasure!ShapelessIt broke within a month.Much smaller than it looks in the pictureIt arrived on time I sent to my son he said quality of wallet ok it felt like plastic but he will use it knowing it wouldn't last longReceived this scarf and was a bit disappointed.  First of all it is much smaller that it appears int the photo.  I probably should have checked the measurements.  As for the color and hand feel they are both nice.  But to me honest I wasn't truly impressed.Frames were bent way out of shape and the lens had a chip in it. They would look pretty nice if they weren't such low quality. Even as a costume piece, these are very disappointing.They fit just right, but the material is fairly cheap.  My pairs both had splits in the crotch after the first wear.  I'm too busy to ask for a refund, but sadly, can't recommend them.I really held out hope that these pants would provide the fit comfort and slick profile that they profess. Alas 2.6 miles into them and they are already pilling in the crotch area. Also I find the fabric in the legs to be akin to something I would get at Walmart. The cotton-y fabric is cheap.This item was crazy narrow. I have always been a Medium / B / average width in all types of footwear, including boots. Even with thin socks (and frankly, I'd intended to wear the boots with average socks, not thin ones), this boot was just WAY too narrow for my foot. It was narrow in the middle of my foot (the arch area), and the ball of the foot, and the toes. The sole itself was just too darned narrow. I wish I could have been able to keep them because I liked the look of them and the leather seemed thick and soft. They were a nice height too. The length (size 8.5) seemed right on - it was really just the width that kept me from keeping these (I am returning them, and the manufacturers makes you pay for return shipping, FYI). One other negative - the zipper seemed like a weak point for the design. It was kind of sticky and tough to pull up all the way (the boots fit me in the leg area, so it wasn't an issue of sizing - it just seemed like a poorly manufactured, clunky zipper).I did not receive the correct item. Instead of plaid lace-ups, the shoes were blue and black slip-ones in the plaid lace-up box.They are small and reflect the sun into my eyes.Fit fine, put them on for the first time today. Went to straighten out and tighten up the laces and one of them broke. I didn't put much pressure on it, either. Broke in second place when I tried to take lace out. Very unhappy. Return window closed already, too. Perfect.Different size's same brand.Ok for little girls bathroomThe face of the watch had multiple bubbles underneath the glass and the leather strap felt very thin and cheap. Company emailed and asked if I had received the product and I told them about the bubbles. Their response was basically okay cool, thanks.
So crappy product and customer service. Its a two in oneIt's described as "unisex" size but it's more like ladies.  Large will not fit a large man's head.  Had to return it.  Amazon declined to pay return postage.  Dissatisfied.I was looking for a product to help me be comfortable throughout the day, as I am a stay at home mom and on my feet all day with two under two. This is not the right product. I have very high arches and need something with more arch support. Bearpaws seem to give me the best results for the cost. Uggs are great, but they do not last the way they used to.hard to fit  but cheap no worrieeits t the rong size I need 9" but it took so long to get here don't know what I can do about itI received this watch and thought that it was beautiful. Unfortunately, it was very large and it took me several weeks to get it to a jeweler to remove some links. On the first day that I wore it, TWO of the numerals fell off and impede the hands of the watch. Hopefully, I will be able to get it repaired because it was too late to return it.The strap around the toes was too big, if I would wear these I would have fallen.This review is about the shoe, not the seller who was fantastic.  Adidas are narrow.  Had to buy a half size larger then put an insert inside for fit.  But that is not the problem.  The problem is they are sold as waterproof.  They are not.  A hard rain made the toe area wet inside the shoe.  I returned them for a new pair.  Straight out of the box I left the cardboard insert inside and ran the toe under water for 60 seconds.  Took the insert out and you can see in the photo that its wet.  These shoes are not cheap and waterproof was the reason I bought them. If you are expecting wet conditions these are not for you.  If its dry all the time then go for it.It is not waterproof as advertised.Child's or asian sizing, impossible to fit someone over 5'3". Horrible thick shiny poly fabric, NOT soft or thin lace. They have poly undershorts built in!!!! UGH.The fuzz around the eye holes doesn't stay in place making it irritating to the eyes.I returned this item as it was smaller than expected and cheaply made. Upon opening the item, I noticed that the stitching on the seams by the eyehooks was coming out already. I suggest spending the money on the bravado nursing bras as they fit true to size and are made very well.Sizes run BIG! It says 0-9 months, but it fits on adult size head.Not great qualityNot true to sizeDANGEROUS!!! My toddler grand daughter loves purses. Was excited when I found this. Not happy when it arrived to find that the studs on it are dangerously pointed. This could injure anyone at any age but especially a child if they were to stumble and fall on it would be the worse.Good looking glasses, but didn't fit. I bought them because they say XL.http://www.amazon.com/Aupek-Polarized-Protection-Sunglasses-Interchangeable/dp/B013HIPTT8?ie=UTF8&redirect=true&ref_=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_3

They are pretty nice glasses, the case is handy and it holds the extra lenses. I bought them for myself but they don't look right for a woman, I didn't think, so I gave them to my son-in-law and they look nice on him.It's alright but it attracts a ton of lint and the material gets ruined easily.Its very puffy dress. Nothing like on the picture, very bunchup in the middle, not worth the money. I was very disappointed now have to run to found something new for my party. Shipping was awesome on time.Since I'm 6' 6" and 250 lbs, I chose 2xlt. I made the mistake of washing the pants in cold water prior to trying them on. The inseam is now 29". Halfway to my knee. Paid extra for the tall size. Jeez!dont buy this watch
Band broke 2nd dayHad to return them due to poor fit. The shoe bottom is rock hard and there is no support. Too bad because they look really cute on but they're very uncomfortable.Too small, too tight, too bad :-(  I usually were a small/medium I read this fit small so I bout extra large.  It cut into my armpits and hurt my shoulders.  the arm section fit well.They look red and grey...but they're hot PINK. Not at all what I thought I'd ordered.The lock broke after a few week, and when I tried to return they wanted me to pay for shipping AND 20% restocking fee. Save yourself the trouble and buy something else.I love it. It fits great. Now hoping my others do to.I didn't like this product...mainly because the tip of the tool didn't align / angle properly so the link was not able to push out.  Also, since this product is made of aluminum, it could potentially leave a mark on the metal band.Great fit if your a petit person or a child.This is a knosk-off. The stamp on the belt is not even the real Stacy Adams stamp or logo. I am not happy with my belts, I should have paid closer attention.This sweater has a terrible smell that hasn't come out after 2 washings.  There are strings everywhere!  Looks very cute in the picture.Did do what they said it wouldI needed an all white dress. It is advertised as white bit is actually white/Ivorybought 4E but shoe is not as wide as other New Balance 4Ethe picture makes them out to be more orange than they are.  they are actually closer to a pinkish tonewas a gift she said she lovedI own 3 pairs of Keen sandals that are the most comfortable foot wear I have ever had. But I have tried 2 types of there boots and both caused blisters on my heal and I had to return them. No other boots have done this to me. I tried different socks and lacing up loose and tight, but there is little flex in the heal and after a month and 2 painful blisters I had to rerun them. Keen please make a boot as comfortable as your sandals and shoes!Very cute design and good sizes, yet the zipper is really bad. On one of the 6 bags it was broke when I got it and the bigger ones tend too zip open when the zipper is closed.It was a little too big hard to pick sizes especially with unisex.Would be ok at the beach but I wanted something that wasn't so see through.If you have fat to push in such that a smooth but larger waist is a success to you, buy this. But if you have a flat waist and wanted a shaper, this will just make you look bigger and shape nothing.

I have a 24 inch waist and got XS hoping to make it 22-24 as the size states. XS is fit for a 25 inch waist or 24.5 at best.

I have no curves just a flat waist. All this did was add bulk to my waist. It created no curve. The curves picture is absolutely misleading.I WAS a big "Supporter" of these, but recently the quality has really declined.  2 out of the last 3 fell apart after FIRST washing.  The sewing was really horrible.It is adorable, but unfortunately I don't have time to return and replace before our new one arrives, I think the screen print was a little off and there seems to be a bubble in the larger bear, so I am afraid to wash it for fear that the bear will be destroyed.Sleeves are way too tight!!!  I wanted to love this shirt in the worst way.  After reading reviews on sizing, I ordered the largest size (the Chinese equivalent of 8x!).  I am currently running L or XL for most women's tops. I'm 5'10, running on the heavier side of ideal weight, 38DD.  I could get it buttoned all the way up, it was snug and more than likely I'd leave top buttons undone with a T or tank underneath. Every aspect of this shirt was good-- the length, the curvy feminine fit that gave it a waist and shape, sleeve length, BUT the sleeves were way too tight and restricting on the upper arms (I measured-- mine are 15" diameter-- not skinny arms but no bat wings either).  There would definitely have been shrinkage, so I knew I couldn't keep it.  A shame, because otherwise the workmanship seemed pretty decent-- plaids matched well in front, pockets were cut on bias to match each other, the fabric is a substantial flannel but not too heavy (there is no stretch in it though).  Colors were great and unique.  It makes me very sad to have to return these two shirts because for the price I loved everything else about them.  All I can say is measure your upper arm girth, and if you come in 13" or below you're good.  I don't think Chinese manufacturers truly get the American body-- if a woman is ordering this large, chances are she's ample in the chest and the arms (and seriously, sew a label 8x inside?  How about putting the true size for your market?).  Loose sleeves in this shirt style are appreciated.I wouldn't recommend this product. .lapel doesn't lay flush. ..I am returning the product since the quality isn't as expected.bought a 34 being a 33 and I can barely fit inside, so its unusable for me, would need a 36 to get a 34-like fitI've bought cheap cleats before and they've lasted at least a season, but these are sub-quality even for cheap cleats.  There are two main issues:
1. The sole is very flexible
2. The molded cleats are soft.  After using these just a handful of times, a couple of the cleats have broke off
I know these are really cheap, but don't even botherNowhere near the size indicated on label!I literally had this item in its box waiting for the right time to put them on my 2 yr old. I don't know if she messed with it but she never wore it and they were always in the box. Needless to say, 1 of the flower petals on strap fell off. I found it on the floor! I've always bought striderite shoes but this is concerning and possibile chocking hazard. I plan on filing complaint with the CPSC since I am aware Striderite had another summer sandal also recalled "Joanna" recalled this past summer.

I am really sad that I missed my opportunity to return the shoe but at least my kid didn't choke on it. Be careful.IS A FAIL, TOO SMALL IT LOOKS LIKE A 4 AND ARE TOO WIDHT. TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED.- DO NOT BUY THEMIt doesn't fit meNice fit but not durable at all! My son ran through these shoes in less than 3 months :(This can be worn as a shirt. I bought it a size bigger.CheapToo short in the torso length for me, if you are not tall it would probably be fine. I am 5'9. I have to tie the halter ties way too tight to get it up high enough and then I still have boob coming out everywhere. It was too late to send it back by the time I wore it, so it is in my drawer. It will most likely never come out.I bought this watch from amazon in November of 2010 and can report that after merely 2 months of use the main light/adjustmen/date button just came off and could not be fixed. Waste of money.Excellent product as described. Very slow on shipping.Figured a 2X would fit looser on my daughter, but it didn't! Doesn't seem like it's a 2x! Not buying any more for ALL the ones I bought fit small!Where do I start? The package came earlier than expected that was the great thing and I was excited only to be disappointed they are two different shoes they are the same size but different shoes is seems as if one shoe Is real and the other is fake now I'm not a sneaker head but I am a teenager and I would love to pay attention to details usually when I buy a pair sneakers I wear them to break them in but 1 foot kept squeezing me so I decided to check it out more the bottom of it where they show all of his achievements is written into different ways 1 foot looks like that's the way supposed to be and other looks like they copied it in a bad way I mean just look at the jump man I am highly disappointed but almost everything else seems to check out as authentic but I'm pretty sure they're not real but now you get what you pay for so...I am very disappointed in this purchase. The helmet came with a large scratch on the visor which cannot be removed. The front face panels where disconnected and don't fully align when snapped back together. Overall the quality of this product is very poor and it is way overpriced!  Unfortunately, because of timing I will have to keep it anyway.The nails began to pop off as soon as I put them on. That was a bit disappointing.Does not fit as they said it wouldAs soon as he tried them on the string broke off and they are too tight. I would like to return them and get a bigger size.Looked nothing like the colors in the photo.Would not recommend material is very poor quality, very thin material. Definitely WOULD NOT RECOMMEND!I like these socks, but they aren't the color I ordered. I really needed black and gray socks so I was a little disappointed.This dress did not look like what it does on the model. I tried it on and I was so disappointed. I am 5'3 130lbs and I bought this dress in a small. The dress went down to my knees and I looked like I was wearing a sheet. When viewing the pictures other reviewers posted I felt like this dress would be a good fit since most of them had positive feedback. But then I realized after trying it on the reviewers all wore it differently than the model is wearing it, like with leggings or a belt around it. The material was nice and it wasn't sheer enough to see through it.i LOVE rainbows. they last for years, so i haven't purchased new ones in years!! i was soooo excited to get these. i'm still excited, but they sent me the wrong ones. i ordered pink and they sent pink/gray. so, i'm super disappointed. i'm leaving for vacation in two days and i guess i'm stuck.Not the size I thought they are much smaller not good qualityTerrible quality would never purchase again.Broke within one month.  Waste of moneyThese jeans have a production issue. Two pair out of two had the same exact issue. They were all bunched up around the corners of the front pockets and were many different colors, from dark blue to white, not matching the rest of the pants. I bought a different color earlier and they were perfect.These boots felt okay when I first put them on, I thought they just needed broken in. I've worn them two days, the back of my heels are bleeding and the skin is rubbed of my toes. There is plenty of room near the toes and the boots don't feel tight. The size I ordered is the size I typically wear. I walk a short distance in these boots and I feel like I have to get down and crawl from the pain in my feet. Don't buy these boots.Not as expectedI expected more for the brand, the uniform is not flattering at all and I ordered a small and it's still fits too big!:( not for petites.not the quality I thought it would be. I wouldn't pay another one.Give me that mom jean look.
Izod: I got you fam.

6ft 290lb
44x30, fits like 48x30( all in the crotch). 44x30's in Lee and Levi look much more respectable.Stones fell outThe color says "Red" but it was virtually brown.Fell apart almost immediately.Very narrow & hurt my feetNot even close to comfortable. Fit was tight and soles were hard. I never owned Hush Puppies but heard good reviews so I tried them, Wish I did not.Very hard for toddlers to walk in.  I expected more from
Carters.I didn't like the cut of these capris.  Capris I've worn in the past go down further on my leg, these stopped right below the knee and would obviously roll up if I tried to work out in them.  I sent them back, free shipping, no hassle.Fabric is thin and poor quality. Thread was already pulled from seams. Ordered 3 and sent them all back.Abdominal board is NOT suppose to be hard as a rock unless you want to be in pain the whole time you are wearing it and have permanent marks left in your skin..especially postopFits as expected but it continues to raise up not keeping my entire ear completely coveredI FORGOT THAT SHOES ARE DIFFERENT IN SIZES AS TO STYLE SIGH BUT I CAN'T AFFORD TO NOT WARE THEM AND I AM NOT ALLOWED TO SEND THEM BACKI bought it Feb 15th and left slipper seam in front already detached.  I have a lot of Sorel shoes. This one is disappointing.  Inside not that soft but definitely warmA little small and order took WAAAAAAY too long - if you are in a hurry to get your order buy somewhere else..Too noisyI wanted to love these shorts, they seem to be only one of its kind on the net, they're sexy and naughty. But at 15 bucks, it should be much better quality. The lack of an elastic waistband is just baffling. And the fact that's labeld "Made in the USA" and is such low quality just adds to the disappointment. I doubt this will last more than 2 wearings and washings.This hat is supposed to be for Easter pictures. The hat itself is nice for the money and I would would be happy with it, if not for the fact that the entire hat is creased. I expected to receive a new hat in pristine condition, not looking like someone else's return.These were by far the biggest let down of anything I've ever ordered from Amazon. I am 5 feet 4in and 104 lbs, I ordered small, they sent medium which was beyond tight around my stomach then way too big everywhere else. The padding is sooooo long! and makes me look like I have butt cheeks up half my back pretty much lol. These are not booty shorts or any shorts. The only things they got right were the material having pattern and they are black... I tried them under shorts and I just look like I have a long flat butt.... sad.I don't like because is too large.This was a nice bra - I ordered the wrong size so I mailed it back.  I did not order another bra - I think with some things you just need to be able to try them on to see if they fit . . .I received the wrong style and am unable to returnI returned mines today after 4 weeks. The soles started to split open and I did not use them that much. I was really shocked to see how poorly these slippers were made.It looked nothing like the picture the seams where uneven and i did not have the same pattern as the picture not worth the moneyThese fit great, they aren't tight, but they're pretty see-through. I feel like I have to find a pair of white or nude shorts to wear under these, or wear them over leggings. It's too bad because I love how they're cut. Mine are yellow, maybe the other colors wouldn't be as bad.They are saggy and don't fit rightI read reviews of this bag, and the claims that it would be waterproof.  I was excited to get it and upon careful inspection, it is clear that at least this particular bag, will not keep water out.  It looks well made, it is "waterproof" materials, but the front flap does not cover the side area fully.  Unless the top part of the bag opening is FULL, and expanded outward, the side folds outward, creating an opening where a steady stream of water will find its way in, soaking all your stuff.  It is like a lid on a garbage can that doesn't fit quite right.  IF you look carefully at other images, on other websites you can see exactly what I am talking about.  It seems like it will keep your stuff dry even in a downpour, unless you are actually in one and have tested it out, I would not trust this statement.  Anyway I can see the front flap/hood does not cover the whole opening of the bag and if you are really looking for a bag that will keep dry, this is not the one.I needed red and gold earrings for an outfit. These were nice and light which is very important to me. Down side, when I opened the package, some of the red was already coming off. They look cheaper than the advertisement. They were inexpensive so I'll keep them and maybe wear them. I did not use then for the wedding outfit I purchased then for.Need a half size larger in this shoe. It's too bad this manufacturer is not in line with sizing in the industry.Extremely smallIn previous reviews people said this ran large... its HUGE. Could hardly keep on my head and it was heavy, hot and uncomfortableThis shirt I received was shipped from China, and it looks nothing like the photo in the listing. The shirt I ordered should have had a high quality screen printed image covering the front of it. However, this shirt is faded, and the screen printed image is in a small rectangular box in the center of the shirt. There are no tags documenting it as an official licensed AMC t-shirt, which is what I ordered. I am very disappointed.Probably will not comfortably fit a small child's wrist.  Seven or eight years old would probably the minimum.This is a very cheap overpriced bag. The size is much smaller then what is depicted and it is made of cheap plastic like you can get at the different stores for one dollar each!This costume was nothing like it was pictured, the tie was white horrible material, I bad my husband didn't even wear it on Halloween. The outfit was okay but I would not recommend someone to buy this.Not happy with this item. Should have written this along time ago. Hate I wasted my money .When I received the set I tried the necklace on and to my surprise the hook was brooken. Definitely not a good buy.Very cute, but smaller than expected, shrunk to half the size the first time I washed them, and immediately started getting holes in them.This jewelry is among some of the poorest I have ever seen and the description of this product is inaccurate.
1) It is NOT sterling silver. It is plated silver, at the least. The one I received was half brass colored where the plating either rubbed off or didn't get applied right.
2) The pearl is rough and uneven and even flat on the back side.
3) The necklace was so knotted that it took me nearly an hour to untangle.
4) This was to be a Christmas gift that had guaranteed delivery by the 23rd; it came on the 27th. It was of such poor quality I was too embarrassed to even show it to its intended recipient.Not at all what I thought, looks very cheapNot very nice. Beading was hit or miss. Mostly miss. Returned.These boots look nice and are insulated well, but there are 2 issues:
1 - The product description on the Amazon website says they're "waterproof", but the label inside the boots says "water resistant", which is not the same. We haven't had any real snow yet, so I hope they will still keep my son's feet dry, even if they're not "waterproof"
2 - After wearing them only once, the synthetic upper on the front of the right boot has come off. Shoes for young kids need to withstand a little bit of rough play. I am very disappointed in the quality of the material used and cannot recommend this boot.This is Not a really Tokidoki Bag, It's a Fake. Save your Money and go to tokidoki.com or sanrio.com if you want a real Hello Kitty Tokidoki Bag.  I Stopped my Order Fast after I read the reviews, Always read the Reviews First.Love the pattern but the one size fits all was too big for me and I have a pretty big head. Normally the stuff coming out of the Asian marketplace tends to be smaller than here in the west but that is not the case with this bucket hat. Much whiter than appears in the photo. Good price but way big.looks like a girl's toyI like the style and look but I am usually about a 6-8 in pants so I got size 9 just to be safe. They were WAYYYYY too small.A true big BB short - this level of baggy is already a bit out of fashion. I am 6' tall, 185lbs - and a medium was very long, baggy and loose on me.  They have a large hold mess that lets you see the interior shiny lining through. I'll wear them and they fit, but they are a bit over designed for me.  I do like the side pipping.They broke and I have not even had them for a year!The silver on the medal was not good quality....even a little black. And the medal is very small. I wanted to give it for a gift, but it didn't make a great impression, so we decided not to.Way too thin, almost see through. Need to return.Inseam too long for a 5'5" person. They bunched up too much at the ankle.Thighs were to smallThis runs Very Very small.... i wear a Med in Cherokee tops, the regular scrub tops , but the way this one is made is very small in the bust area.If your a XL I need to get 2XLThe color was not what was shown. It turned out to be a light blue.Beautiful dress.  Was about 2 sizes too small tho! Very disappointedThe poor quality, it broke a month, already return, but freight RMB 117.5 has not returned to meLittle lose but the belt was too tight. It came to me with holes in it that I need to fix. Very disappointing.I have had many positive experiences with the Sperry brand, but this shoe was a total disappointment--and I bought two pairs for my 9-year-old for school. Although I ordered two pair of this style, I received a pair of this style and a pair of the lace-up style, I kept both styles as they are very good looking shoes and fit well. My son wore this style on the first day of school--not even for the whole day, and the shoe started coming apart at the stitching on the top of the shoe. This bargain was no bargain at all. Since the return period has lapsed, I hope I have better luck with the second pair.Too small & very heavy. I was not able to return it because no paperwork was sent with the vest.Turned copper not happyIf a shoe fits to snug or is set with a narrow cut then should you rate them poorly for that.  Bottom line I should have gotten a bigger size this one is just to small.Runs very smallIt fit like it was one size smaller than advertised.  Sent it back.Way too smallAfter a long wait to get this , I was very disappointed :( Very cheap looking bracelet. Don't waist your time and money . It doesn't worth it.Cute dress and soft material, but the neckline is way too low. I'm not very large in the chest, butt thus dress ours way too revealing. I don't feel comfortable wearing in public.This nose ring would be perfect if it were a shorter length bar. I love the fact that it is white gold, but didn't feel like it gave much sparkle and the length was TOOO long. :(Says men's shirt but it was sized and cut for a women. I have other shirts by next level that are amazing. Not sure why this one was sized so differently.Too big, too loose fitting.looks cheap, I don't want to wear it out.It's very pretty but the top portion of the dress is just so ill-fitting. It's really small and sits low, leaving my boobs really exposed and somewhat saggy. Such a shame to return it because it's so pretty and very flattering chest-down.THE SHOE IS VERY SOFT AND VERY WIDE.The material is like cheap vinyl.  Waste of money.The picture of the shirt on the website showed a full color picture of Reagan...not some blue skinned alien looking face.Ad was deceptive. Several references to sherpa(known for their wool)but no apparent connection to the product. The sherpa lining referred to in the product description turned out to be polyester. I would not have purchased the product if there had been a clear explanation about the polyester lining.Dont fitI Washed them and they did not shrink like 100% cotton usually shrinks.  They are very ugly and I really do not think the pictures that were posted Look like them?This item was supposed to be shipped a month ago.  I did contact the seller and Amazon.com. and the item was reshipped. I received it the next week.  The top runs very small.  It is not flared at the bottom like it shows which was very disappointing.  The crocheted part at the neckline is very nice.  The sleeves are flimsy and the whole top  is not as nice as pictured.  The material is thinner than expected but the description does state it is lightweight. I would not recommend this top.
Disclaimer,  I purchased this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.The color was great, but the way it was styled was strange, like the part was placed way to far back.I'm very disappointed in these shoes.  I ordered the same model and size to replace a pair that had worn out and they are narrower in the toe area and are not nearly as comfortable.I love these boots but unfortunately I will need to send them back.  I own other Frye boots and always wear a 7.5.  I ordered a 7.5 in these boots and the left boot fits perfectly, but the right boot is extremely small in the toe box.  I wore them around the house hoping the leather will stretch, but they are still too tight.  Very disappointing!They don't fit as excepted.  Snug.  And I don't fit into a 34 W  without them slipping down.  The top of the pants
 come up to my navel.  Thats pretty high for the paints. And its not for people
Who sit all day.  Lastly, they use way too much starch or what every it is to make them stiff.
Even after I washed them.
The fabric just does not feel right.  Move on.
this is just my 2Eco Drive argue that you will never have to change batteries. This is a lie. I own one Citizen Eco Drive and the secondary battery (rechargeable/capacitor) is dead. The Citizen local representative charge me $106 to repair this watch. It's better to buy a new one, other brand of course.It was cute the only thing it changed colors the first week I wore it.It is too thin and it doesn't last long.Problems battery died after 6 months replaced battery died 1 month later changed again won't turn onQuality looked good but size was way off.Unzipped it to put on and the zipper broke, even before I could wear onceBought 10 of these on the Hanes site. They were all labelled 3X, but only 5 WERE 3X. The others were, at best, a 2X. Another once great American company down the drain.I was very disappointed with this product. Once received the quality was poor and the fit was not was what I am accustom. I will never order or wear this type of underwear.Merrell is no longer high quality. Now made in China. Poor trimming on seams leads to blisters. Third pair that are disappointing - two with trimming issue, one with a polyester lining. Comfortable, except for trim issue.The fit was a bit too small but worse than that there was a chunk of the insole that was flipped over which was never trimmed correctly stuffed up into the front of the toe of the shoe making it literally impossible to get your foot in the shoe.
Shipping was very slow, of course I didn't rush ship them so I can accept some of the responsibility for that, when they arrived the shoe box inside the shipping box looked used, there was no packing inside the shoes or the box, almost looked like they had been returned before. they are definitely going back, I will update on the return serviceI received this jacket as a gift. The first year I had, it did not get cold enough to necessitate wearing it. This year, I found out that the jacket leaks when it rains or snows. My shoulders and rib cage were soaked. Additionally, the zipper broke in half after about 3 months of wearing it. It didn't just come apart... the front and back metal actually split into two pieces. I feel bad for the purchaser for spending this money on a low quality jacket.The boots fell apart after only 1 weekZipper defective - clearly visible flaw resulting in hard to zip/unzip - returned.They look like diapers or like a bagI was an early adopter of wearables, and wore an original Moto 360 for nearly 2 years. I was SO excited when I saw that MK was making an Android watch, as very few options so far have been feminine. I had been waiting for this watch since March 2016 when it was announced!
This watch is clunky and heavy. It's no smaller than any other manly looking watch out there. On top of that, the programs are slow, and the notifications were spotty. I wound up returning it because it was definitely NOT worth the price tag. I'm really bummed because I thought that someone was finally going to pay attention to the ladies who want to wear a non-Apple smartwatch!

In the end, I got a Pebble Time Round. Significantly cheaper. Small and classy looking. It's not Android, but the OS is not hard to learn, plus its more compatible with iOS than Android wear is.Ran quite a bit small, low rise also.Its ok.. if u want a shirtthe handle for my shield did not fit correctly in with the part that you connect it to. technically the handle was to short to fit in to the little slots that you put it in. there was major paint blemishes even chips in the woodNot a good fitDial to small and hard to see the watch hands with the mother of pearl faceShirt is very wide and not longthey are very hard to see out of if you're looking for a more practical everyday use. they look very nice but should be used for costumes only.Material is thin.A little small.  I don't like the way the logo is put on.  It isn't screened.  Poorly done.Not worth itThey are cute and well made except the lenses are waaaay bigger than expected. More like bug-eye glasses than aviators. They look ridiculous on me and I might send them back. :/ If you have a very slender/longer face and/or hair with a lot of volume you could probably pull this off, unfortunately I have a round/oval face and these do not suit me at all.I've got two watches on March 14th. One of the 3329 model was broken. We follow the instruction manual ,but all of the elements and control button do not run.
How should we do?These leggings were too thick.  I exchanged them for the seamless leggings which are sexy and flattering.  Give them a try!Probably fine for straight running on snowpack or ice... failed and tore when cutting or twisting....Looks great, but they didn't fit. Even after I bought a half size up.A stone fell out of one earring the first day it was worn. Very cheaply made,  go buy at Walmart and save the hassle.  The other stones wiggle,  so it's just a matter of time before they fall out too!The fit was right on, as was the color - a true black that isn't too sheer. The material is nice and silky.  However, the pair I received had several runs and even a small hole right out of the package.  I don't think they were pre-worn, but I have to think the quality control just isn't there.I bought cargo pants brand "Match". But I received cargo pants brand "SouthPole" it is of lower quality, fabric, buttons and finishingI'm returning this.  It fit just fine everywhere else except for the sleeve cuffs.  They are sooo tight!  I mean, really pinches.  I tried to see if a little pull would stretch them, but it wasn't budging.it is too big than my expected and it is not good for women! I couldn't go outside with wear itI'm a collector of Lucky Brand women's clothung. Love it all. I wanted to love this sweater. It looks fantastic and well made on the hanger. But it's just such an unflattering cut on me. Bummer.Ordered my size, was way too small. I can't even wear it.The chain irritated my neck and some of the shine has already started to wear off the key itself. For what it costs, it's servicable. If you want something for a costume that you wear occasionally, it will due, but if you want something for everyday wear, I would spend a few extra bucks for something better. Either way, put it on a different chain.Not very good quality and fits really weird, I regret buying it.Reasonably well constructed as far as durability goes.  The pouch design is not comfortable; avoid if you don't have washboard abs.It's way too big, so the guy fawkes gave does not fit right at all. It's also not a very good material, very cheap feeling.I ordered the size I wear and these run a little too smaller. They are really cute though.I was pretty excited to receive this. Once I opened it I noticed how terrible the stitching is around the elastic waist. It honestly looks like a drunk did the stitching. It goes up and down all around the waist elastic and in some places there isn't even a stitch at the base of the elastic for the casing.poor qualitythis things looked ridiculous - RUN!Print was very blurry and size was way too small.Left shoe was missing the top right shoe lace hole. See photo.Fit great until I washed it, then it shrunk 2 sizes and I couldn't return it.Sized smallNothing like the photo. Fits weird in the arms and doesn't flow at all in the back. Cheaply made and ugly.Pretty ring waited to wear it for the holidays, that was a mistake, unfortunately I didn't look at the return policy. The first time I wore it a stone on the side fell out. Some I can't return it I'll check and see if it can be replaced. If not I won't order from them again.The 1st pair was lovely but too small. I passed it on 2 our nephew. Ordered another pair  with larger size.Too tightWhat is coat made out of? One description says wool blend and the other says 100% polyester.Ladies - you need to know that these shoes are PURPLE and NOT the hot pink/fuchsia color they look like in the picture. I am returning mine asap.I was very anxious to receive this sweater. It was cozy and warm except way to tight in bust area and the bottom was stitched unevenly. The sweater material was quality. The overall stitching very poor. If you have a long torso forget purchasing unless you want a sweater which hit right at or above your navel. Gave to a friend for Christmas who is very petite!Handle is a 6" drop; however, it was advertised as a 12" drop.  Additionally company sent me a BLUE bag when I ordered a SLATE colored bag.  This was to be a Christmas gift which I could not give to my daughter because of the incorrect color and incorrect measurements of the handles. On a positive note, the company paid for return shipping and processed my refund very quickly.It would be better if it came with a batteryI never got to see this product! The seller was contacted when it didn't arrive on time and when I contacted them to see what was going on they told me that I should talk to the Postal Service and see what happened and let them know and when I let them know they just told me to wait and see! I had to contact Amazon to get it fixed. Never saw the product!I ordered this item for someone who is still going throught the pain of having to deal with a masectomy at a young age. The intent of this gift in combination with the inserts was to inspire confidence. Imagine the horror we experienced when we recieved a disgusting used item with pit stains that wreaked of booze and body odor! Not to mention the item recieved was a completely different bra! I am so angry! Completely unacceptable.The wallet appears to be quality.  My complaint is I put 6 cards in each side and if you drop it or turn it upside down they fall right out.  The part to hold the cards is also wide so my cards sort of fan out in the wallet.  I had high hopes for this wallet but I am afraid it missed the mark.I thought this pendant looked beautiful on line. And it is. However it is of terrible quality. I literally just got it, took it out of the package and saw that the top is already bending off the bottom part. I have never even worn it.I got these for my b/f for Christmas.  He wore them for a couple days, and they did keep his feet warm.  Then I noticed that he had not been wearing them and complaining about how his feet were cold again.  He says they feel really weird inside, they are not comfortable, and they are hard to walk in.  I tried them on and yes, they are weird.  They seem cheap and flimsy.  I would rather just wear a pair of old socks.  :(when it new its great, after a while it begins to loose its integrity overall, will not buy again.I ordered 2 large shirts for my brother and one fit like a medium and the other was the perfect size. Both shirts came with a large black box label mark on them right above the colacola label.Okay for the price. But wouldn't buy them again.

They smell pretty quickly (compared to other socks), and not exactly comfortable.One of the springs broke 10 mins after using it!! I am using this as part of a Yankee swap gift. I can not return now. It is not quality made. I guess you get what you pay for.Very cheaply made. Upper part it not finished and incredibly uncomfortable. My daughter has to wear a shirt underneath. It also began to rip along the lower seam within two wearing. I got because $150 for a princess dress is ridiculous. However, I would have gladly paid double the $20 for this to have a dress that's even slightly better made. I'm disappointed.needs more colors.....no yellow, no orange...HOW?Not a fan of this bathing suit. It was too thin and the overall cut did not fit properly. I ended up donating it.

Upsetting as it's beautiful in the picture. Wished it would have worked out for me!Socks were supposed to fit size 10-13 and they were too small.Wrinkles easilyThese boots are so comfortable and so warm and have great reviews but the soles have zero traction and are death traps. If moisture has ever happened upon the surface where you step prepare to go flying. I fell and skinned my knee like a child on my walk to work because of a metal grate and almost went head over heels in my kitchen because of one drop of water. I don't even wear them like slippers inside the house because of this. If you just want to keep your feet warm and not walk anywhere, even to your own bathroom from the couch then these are for you. If you plan on some sort of movement and value being alive, hard pass.This may work well if it is only used for being outdoors without being active. Unfortunately I bought it to bike in and it is not well vented.  Any amount of fast breathing caused it to balloon out away from my face and it felt like being mildly smothered when I inhaled.  Also, I was using it in 0 to -10 degree weather and as moisture from my breath built up, it soaked the mask (and froze a little on the outside).  I have another balaclava by a different brand that is well vented and great for biking - unfortunately Pearl iZUMi did not make this with exercise in mind.The watches were cute but one of them was completely broken. The hands on the clock face flopped around.It shrunk and the lettering came off after one wash :/These are decent quality and fit well but they are NOT RELAXED FIT jeans, I don't appreciate being lied to in the product description.Cheap material would like my refundExtremely powerful "industrial chemical" odor. Couldn't wear it, the odor was too strong and disturbing and felt it might make me feel ill.Purchased same size several years ago.  Recent purchase of same size was significantly smaller.  Seller was great about refunding.  Product was labeled in such a manner that the "Country of Origin" wasn't apparent.  Oh, Dickies, are you making all of your products off shore now?product of poor quality, broke in 2 daysI will be able to give them to my granddaughters.Nice style but boots already breaking apart. Did not expect such quality from Born... :(The fit was to big and the quality was not worth the price, I had to returned the product. I expected better for $80Product is rusting.  Daughter threw it awayThe dress itself is lovely. Color as pictured. Fit well by following size chart. Nicer than I expected for the price. However, arrived with a broken zipper and I will now have to pay a seamstress to repair.The hat looks nice and fits OK, but the felt inside would leave small pieces of felt on my head, and as a bald guy it wasn't a good look.
It did this before and after I washed it. Had to return it.Same size from Dickies fits really well. Bought these in the same size because they were cheaper and they're really tight and not long enough to go below my waist line.chain is too thin ties up easilyThe front got scratched off (badly) on day one. These are made for kids - maybe use a little more sturdy materials? Would never buy from this brand again.way too small for American Women I guess. Thankfully I was able to return it.Made to thin  not really useable fringe tangles very easilyI feel that the picture deceived me. I guess when photo was taken they angled the ring. The ring I received looks similar to the pictured one but not the same. Had I been able to see it in person prior to buying I would not have. Needless to say I am returning it.Ugh. These were the worst. The strength of the shaper was good. It didn't roll down, but it would ride UP! It kept riding up all day, over my lower tummy and then give me the WORST frontal and rear wedgie. I was SO uncomfortable. Never wearing them again.The costume that arrived looked nothing like the picture. It did not come with a beard, the fur around the boot covers was about a half inch thick. The pants are terrible, they come just past my daughter's knee and just hang loose with an unfinished looking edge. The boot covers don't even come close to touching them and I ordered a size up for this costume. The hat barely fits on her head. I am planning on returning. I'm SO disappointed.Fits perfectly, however when I took them out of the packaging I discovered a small hole in the fabric.This shoes are extremely overpriced. It's ridiculous. $120 more!! You can buy another pair in their regular storeI'm a 6/6.5, but I wear EUR 36 in Birkenstocks so I ordered the same in Dansko. Toe box is tight and turns up a little like an elf shoe. Ankle is loose and zippers seem to be on the inconvenient (outer) side of shoe. Leather is stiff and entire show seemed to slant my feet towards the inside. Returned.Too small.It looks like cheap plastic.  From far away  you can't tell, but it is clearly a cheap buckle.I can't believe I waited so long to receive this set for my best friend's baby and I was sent the wrong color.  I ordered Navy Blue and instead I get brown and green.  I am so unhappy but I need to send this gift to Canada.  Never ordering from BON BEBE again.To smallQuality of pants are not what I thought. Not very good purchase. It did not work for me this time. Ppants are made for large rumps , does not fit well for average ladyi love the ring but i'm 100% confident it is an 11 which is no good for me as i bought it to replace ANOTHER 11 that Kohls sent me by mistake just to replace my original ring. I am so disappointed now. at this price it would be a colossal waste of time to return and wait for another. I'm just gonna eat the loss and go into a store. here it is six years since the last review about botched ring sizes and i get a size too big. at least i have prime.I'm sure this is fine for some, just not my wife. She's n ot happy.cheap and mine came HORRIBLY scratched.Toes ripped opened after 5 months of light duty work. Good price... Going to give another pair a shot....These are WIDE CALF.... it just gives you the dimension, but doens't call out that they are wide calf.  VERY disapointed.  LOVE the boots.I received only one item. I paid for two. Bad experience.This is so tiny I needed my specs to see the Fleur de Lis. Should picture it beside a dime to show scale.I am returning these flip flops.  They are both too narrow and short.  Very difficult to get on and uncomfortable.  Would not recommend.I had bought these socks for my grandson, who has autism, and is very particular about how clothing feels and fits him.  The first time they wore so much better there wasn't any wear or tear on them until about 8-9 months. The threads/stitching have already started coming out and he's only had them 2 months. I am very disappointed in the productReturn was easy.Be careful ordering amazon,  pictures look great then it it falls apart immediately.
Very  cheaply madeYou get what you pay for. Hard sides, rubs my ankle. Okay for something you are going muck around the yard in but not for a night out on the town.chinaThey are fooling you with this high rating. I bought these shoes hoping they would  last a while, but they started tearing apart after less than a month wearing them. I wasted my money.Not as expected ...I am usually very happy with Hanes products.
This is bellow par.
Materiel is cheap and nasty and all in all not comfortable in any way.
Not recommended.A defect in the right heel lets snow inside the back of the tread and as it melts when I walk indoors it squeaks, and the left outer insole presses into my arch -- which at first is just an annoying pressure -- but then hurts my foot as I walk. Also, even in just 6-8 inches of snow the top cut is low enough that snow gets inside. I'm disappointed: it's an expensive boot, a name brand and I trusted Amazon (which sold the product), and now it's past the return deadline. I'm going back to buying such items in-person at a store where I can assess the fit and quality before buying.I wanted to try these after wearing Hush Puppies Gus for many years.  I thought the Velcro would be a nice change but the lack of laces means I can't tighten them enough to keep them from slipping around.  Maybe a smaller size would compensate for that, but I am returning them and going back to Gus.Hurts my footFit well. Did all I wanted. Then the soles are falling apart (the adhesive bonding the sole to the upper sole is failing) and the laces have lost their sheathing. Disappointed in the long term quality. But I am not easy on shoes.Ordered a 9 and they were More like 81/2. Too smallThe third I wore these shoes the front part of the sole fell off! The fit was fine, and I think they would have been good walking shoes, but the quality is horrible. Thankfully I bought these on sale. After a week they went in the trash.Like others have said, the glue holding the liner to the case is insufficient. After only two weeks, the liner keeps popping out. I will not buy these again.First of all, my order was fulfilled by Amazon, and when I received this wallet the spring clip component of the wallet had rust in where the joint and the pin of the clip are. The clip was not springy and would not open up as shown in the online pictures.

Secondly, I am sure most people would agree that they fit multiple cards in one card slot. That won't happen with this wallet. It is very tight and if you have big fingers, forget it.

Thirdly, when opened up to the credit card holder sections there is a top, middle, and bottom space for cards. The top is good and the bottom is good, but the middle is not because when you put a card in all the way it is completely hidden behind the bottom card and the leather pocket. They did not design it in a way that would allow the cards to step like it appears they should.

I am returning it, but I hope to find a similar one with good reviews from a different brand.This a very flimsy watch.  Almost tinny in feel.  Day hand fell off after 3 months.  It's good looking but definitely not quality.  If you want something cheap for occasional wear it's OK.  If you're looking for a quality watch at a good price, this is not it.The fabric was a nice feel, but even though the sizing was correct, it is more of a unisex style which leaves it looking very boxy and with very little shape.  This makes the scrubs look sloppy.  I bought these hoping to avoid spending $35.00 for greys anatomy scrubs but ended up going back and buying them anyway.This is the worst rip off I have seen. This product is defective, the band has already fallen apart in less than a month use. The watch does not at all look like the picture, does not keep accurate timeI don't think it's too much to ask that I am the only person that has ever put on the $12 costume I plan on buying. This was clearly not the case with the nun costume I received because there were large make up stains on the white bib part when it arrived. In terms of quality and fit, it's not terrible (especially for only $12) and for the most part, the costume is exactly what you'd expect, but again, it's incredibly disappointing to get a product that has clearly been dirtied by someone else.I am not overweight by any means and this was like a child's size on me.Although these socks are 'advertised' as 'knee highs', they are clearly NOT.  I needed them for my calf high western boots. They do not go up above the boot, much less even close to the knee. Would absolutely not buy again!Unfortunately, necklace arrived broken so I can't recommend it. Ashame since it was really pretty but quality questionable.Tight fit for 2xx will becareful next timeNice looking pants, but way way way too small for my normal size.  I normally buy somewhat baggy pants, but these are skin tight!Pretty frail and very feminine.Weak motor for shining shoes, does an average job at bestthe quality of this top was great; it was just way too small for me.  I usually wear a size 12 and my weight is about 160 and height is 5'6".  Had to return it.not the size I expected very very smallI ordered 32-30 because they are usually 1 inch larger and they were exactly 32 inch. I sent them back and ordered 33- 30 and got them today and they measure 34 waist.

Don Bradleyway too narrow of a waist at 33.  the wranglers at size 33 were perfect, these were way too small.  Dickies pants seem stiff too.WAY too large. I ordered large, when I usually wear sizes small - medium, because of the reviews that said this tank ran small.One shoe will not light up. Poor qualityThis was a gift for my husband; the shoes do not fit; the shoes slip on the heels and do not fit at all everywhere!  I have to return to Amazon and have my account credited for the amount paid!Better than Propet sneakers but... Sketchers uses one standard size velcro strap for all shoe sizes.  In my case (wide fit) the loop part doesn't reach over to any part of the hook patch.  I'm starting to believe the width choices on Amazon mean nothing.Sections of the vest were unfinished. Had to take it to my tailor which incurred a charge. Was not happy with the vest!I disliked that it was to smallFit very odd.  All of the support was around the edges of the foot and not on the bottom of the foot as expected.handsome, but very unreliable at time keeping and no directions for setting timeI bought these to wear in the hospital post baby. I am home now, have worn these just 3 times and there is a huge hole in the crotch because the stitching came undone. I'm very disappointed especially given the cost of these.I ordered a medium and I'm a size 2-4 and it was so tiny. I ordered the red and grey and ended up giving the sets to my 9 year old daughter. The bottoms fit her a little baggy but the top fits her perfecty. The cut at the bottom of the sweats are funky. They'd only work with Ugg type boots.Couldn't get them to stay in my ear...This hat does NOT look like the picture at all!! It's stiff and doesn't slouch. It just sticks straight up and no amount of maneuvering or adjusting made it look the way it should (according to the picture and description). I guess you get what you pay for. Cost me more to ship than the actual hat! Lol. Oh well, passing these out to the brothers as winter hats. So diassapointedI gave this ring as a gift.  Unfortunately, the smaller stone fell out of the ring after wearing it only once.  I know this isn't "fine" jewelry, but it should offer more wear than just once.These are cute socks, but I can't wear them.  They have a pronounced seam over the toe area that I find irritating, and the tops are too tight on my leg.  Too bad because I wanted to like them.They were small and both of them had a tears on the side of themWorks ok as expected. Item returnedWay way way too small. I usually wear a 9.5 or 10 in flats and this fit like an 8. Going back.The look is 5*, but the quality is... you know what they say, "you paid for what you get."
Although the product description says 'leather', I believe this is technically some kind of PU Leather (several different layers that are glued together), rather than real leather (animal hide). That's why you get the petroleum/gasoline smell when you open the box. The man-made leather is also harder and not supple like real leather. It your feel fits the shoes just right, good for you! But for me I need 11.5 size, and it is too hard (need breaking in). Or I will have to order a size bigger and add insoles.
After reading the feedback from other previous buyers, I noted that all the 1* are all complaining about similar thing: quality. I have bought some very nice (good quality), but ~$40 dress boots from Amazon before, and thought I will give this a try (~$40 with Free Return). It turns out that this is only made to look good (like Stacy Adams), but not with enough quality (some of you may say. Duh!). It explains why some people experience the sole falling off after a few months.
Oh well, some time you get a good deal, some times you just need to know when to return the product.I really was not a fan of the color either. Bright white reminded me of elementary days shoes. Not really adult like.Get what you pay for
Expected better qualityIt's ok for the money.  it is a crinkle like material. my 15 year old daughter hated it.  i got them for her to wear to school (uniform shirt).Too large for my face.I could see why someone might like these but I didnt. They ran too small and definitely not for curvier ladies.Too thin.  Not as pictured. It is fine if you want a dainty necklace and don't plan to use it for a pendant.  Otherwise--beautiful.Item is smaller than shown in pictures.I guess I will wait, wait, and wait some more, until Value Shop get the color and size that I need. Being inpatient, I took a risk and ordered from a different seller....terrible mistake! I'm not going to spend extra money to send this $16. xx dress back to China. I will be donating it. It looks like a slip! The material is way too thin! The accent fabric on the shoulder looks extremely cheap! I wouldn't wear this dress to bed! I'm attaching photos, but it looks more horrible in person, and it is too big, not figure-flattering. I ordered a 4/6, according to the measurement chart. The seller is "CozyCorner."Too smallDidn't get them for over 2 weeks.Good size and shape, hugs earlobe. Unfortunately they make my earlobes sore.
Sandy F.Its broken, o Poor qualityI bought another brand at the same time that fit perfectly.  My daughter actually crawled out of the neck hole of this one when we weren't looking.Cute dress, but runs small. I'm an 8, so I ordered a medium and it is skin tight.Not amazed for the price- and they sent 2.... Double check everything!!!!I've bought Volatile shoes before and it's really hit or miss. This one was a miss. The top of the shoe feels very thickly padded while the inner sole is super hard. Sadly, a total waste of money and now they're in the garbage,This is really small, its for kids. They shoud've included that its for kids .I bought this for my mother-in-law because she liked it and it fit well from the front but she has a bit of a behind and it was showing too much plus it was too short. When I wanted to return it they asked me not to because i would have to pay to return it. I wouldnt recommed buying this dress unless you are a size 0 and 10 year old.Not enough support in the bottom. It flattend on wone side and I kep;t slipping off.Less than 2 weeks and they are not tight hole in them terribleOrdered XL, shrunk to medium. Too bad, I can't wear it. I'll sell it cheap.came without fastenersVery cheap and they were not leather.Shoes sucked at work I was slipping all over the place at work luckily I didn't fall and injure myself at all and I only used them onceOrdered 4 different colors in 18/20 because I wanted it to be loose. What I got was a medium, if not a small (maybe size 6/8) - very disappointed. The coral color was bigger but a large (10/12) at best.

This is why I wanted to cancel my order because I felt like it would not fit based on reviews!Ordered small size but received large sizes as all tag marked. And reported with picture but the seller responded L=S to the US.I received an used bag. It came without the manufacturer packaging and the pouch, only wrapped in cheap plastic. The bag is scratched and dirty inside. The handle's chain has a knot that I can't fix. On the picture the bag looks rigid with structure. The bag I received was completely flat and wouldn't even stand up. On the inside there is a label with a price tag of $148.99 but I was charged $225 for an obviously already used bag. I will send it back or I want the price adjusted to $80, due to the fact that it's dirty inside and scratched!I loved these earrings and wore them all the time! Today one of them broke! I'm crushed These aren't the normal underwear for the company they say  HANES ,  I have bought this brand name in stores but these that came to me are like tissue paper and they're very rough even after being washed terribleThey are comfortable but they took about a month of dailey wear to break in.  The reason for only two stars is my right foot slides too far forward and I'm constantly having to adjust it on my foot while waking.
Sure my right foot might be smaller but I never had this problem with my teva slides and I had them for 7 years. It makes walking any sort of distance annoying and makes me wish I had worn something else.  If this problem doesn't go away I will be filing these in the trash and going back to my 7 year old teva's.Bought a men's Large and it may fit a small child, not true to size, very disappointed and so was the person receiving it as a Christmas present.not good qualitynot true to size at all.  DissappointingBarley seems to glow in the dark.Overall it fit too small, I wear a size 4 in pants and the stockings were too small they were hard to pull up my legs. The lace on the thong is uneven and looks like it was just cut with scissors. The string that is supposed to be crisscrossed on the front of the thong was hanging from one loop and the loops are way too tiny to be able to fix it. The top piece also came packaged messy the strings are not were they're are supposed to be. It is an overall mess and would take alot of time trying to figure out the strings. I have bought cheap lingerie on amazon before and this is the first bad experience. I won't be wearing this and would not recommend purchasing!They took more of my time then it was worth. The need to be sold in Woolworth's 5 & 10. I will not use them EVER. I will donate them to a charity.Looses its paint
Very low quality itemneed to return- way too big- says its a biker short but truly isnt.It would have been perfect but one of the pockets didn't have a zipper so that's one less pocket I haveI am pretty disappointed. I read all the reviews which seemed to be good. However, upon receiving my dress, it was torn, the lace had been snagged on multiple things, there was grass (or what looked like grass) in the lace which I couldn't get out without snagging the lace more than it already is. The train was black on the bottom and there were sticks in the lace! I thought I was ordering a new item, not a used and returned and resold item. I might as well have went to a consignment shop. Unfortunately my wedding is this Saturday and I no longer have time to order a new dress or reorder this one. My heart is broken. Wish I would have gotten more from this product.Couldn't find a good fit. I almost always fit into a medium but it was too small, and the large was too long when I tried that instead. I also didn't like how thin the shirt was, kind of how a lot of shirts are made these days I guess but too thin for my taste.The design is fine, but the fabric is too bulky. It doesn't feel comfortable.The plastic face mask is cracked.Ridiculous and offensive!! Purchased this for my husband, he is a veteran of the 82nd. There is a copyright image printed OVER the actual shirt image. The material is thin and tight as well. It took over 7 weeks to arrive. If I wanted this quality I would have ordered from wish not through amazon. The company won't allow a return and will only do a refund for $2.Only wear these shoes in the summer the toes are already coming looose. JasonThese felt fine when purchased.  After walking in them for a few hours I noticed that the toe depth was small causing painful pressure on the big toe.  This has never happened in any pair of shoes I have ever owned.  Unfortunately can no longer wear them and cannot return them because I discovered the problem too late.They didn't look like the photo says. The top of the arrow is a lot bigger than what is pictured.I've purchased a medium, then exchanged it for a small, then a Xsmall, then a XXS. ALL of them are too big and I'm not THAT small of a frame. It's been a hassle and after all the returns my return window closed for the last one and now I have it sitting in a drawer with the tags on.
This is not the soft Cherokee core-stretch material, much cheaper.I really liked this umbrella when I first got it  it opens & closes easily, had a nice handle to hold, and seemed to do well in wind. But not long after I got it, the tie around the handle fell off, which makes it much harder to carry. And then I noticed that one of the metal pieces that extends to open the umbrella was bent (no idea how that happened, since I've only ever opened & closed the umbrella normally and have never stepped on it or anything). And now it will easily turn inside out in strong wind, which was supposed to be a selling point of this brand. It's not a cheap umbrella, so I'm very disappointed.Thought from the picture that this hat was black which is what I was looking for. This hat is gray. Very disappointed.Very difficult to pressI order a full size up and still too small.  Will be returning themI loved this top but it was too big. I read the reviews and ordered a size up. I'm thin but often order medium because Asian sizes are smaller. In this instance a small would have been perfect.Very see through.  I purchased two and they are both see through.  i cannot even wear with a slip because they show the stitching on the slip.  Terrible product.The bag I received did not have the nice shine like the item pictured.  It was a dry hard leather.  I like that it was thick heavy leather, and I like that it stands upright when I set it on the floor, but the finish has been troublesome.  I initially worried that the dye might transfer/rub off onto my clothing (when I did a 'test rub' with a white cloth there was some transfer - not a ton, but enough that I would not wear light colors with it).
Still, for the price (I waited until it was a lower price), I decided to try to make it work.  I treated it with some leather conditioners and sealer (neatsfoot oil/super sheen).  This made the bag look great (did darken the leather), but it took a lot of oil, and now instead of worrying about dye transfer, oil seeps out.  Paper gets oil marks, and the cotton liner I use to try to prevent things from getting oil marks takes on oil.  I am thinking eventually, the oil will stop; though it has been a few months (I did use a lot, but I felt the leather needed it, as it was very dry).  So, a lot of this mess is my own doing, but had the bag had a nicer finish, more similar to the picture, I wouldn't have felt the need to try oil.
I like the size, it could easily fit a laptop++.  I also like that I can easily pull stuff out/put a pen in the side pocket without having to unzip/unbunch a crumpled up bag (it sits kind of like a 'box').  I do not use it as a purse, because it does not have zippers and for me it would be too big, but for a tote, I like it.It was too smallThis is made very nice but it didn't fit as expected. I normal wear a 2x and got a 2x , I could not button not even one button. I was so excited to order and could not wait to receive it but was nor able to use it. this item is not true to size. I ended up giving this item, I wanted so bad away. Needless to say, this did not make me very happy. Plan to buy another one but not sure It will be this exact one,zipper broke the first day my daughter used it.Wish I hadn't bought the bag, just wasn't what I thought the bag was.Too loose in the upper thigh. I don't consider these straight leg and they bag out after a few hours of wear.Do not buy this item. Does not look like picture.
Very cheap with fake faded printed logo.
This hat is worse then a free give away hat.
Seller will not return. Seller wants pictures of the hat as if he dosent already know what his garbage looks like lol he made the hat in his living room.
Dont waste your time with this seller. I told them i was going to write a bad review if they didn't return it but they didn't seem to care.
So here you go. .after a few washings this robe was still shedding. there was red fluff all over the house.Material isn't that goodSuch a cute and clever design. Low rating because one of them was broken where the post meets the rest of the earring. Sad, I was so excited to get these!Web site wrongFabric is felt, clasps are flimsy- plastic and very thin metal. This is more of a costume cape, not built for regular use as the neck hole is too small to put on without undoing and re- fastening the buckle. Returns/ refunds are a very long, arduous process with this seller. Ended up having to go through Amazon to get a refund, super disappointing.THE ITEM WAS NOT CORRECT. THE OUTSIDE OF THE BOX INDICATED SIZE 11 US. THE ACTUAL SHOE SIZE WAS 10 US. THEREFORE, I HAD TO RETURN THE SHOES. I WAS NOT HAPPY ABOUT THE ISSUE AS I HAVE 3 PAIR OF MBT SHOES AS WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO HAVING A 4TH PAIR.Love the color but to small sending it backSo I bought this shoe because on Eastbay's website it was heralded as a great shoe, more cushioning, shock absorption, etc.  It also said it was for people with medium to high arches.  I underpronate and usually run in the asics gel nimbus and it is for people with high arches.  I also have a size 16 foot, so unfortunately I can't just walk into a store and try on shoes because no one will carry that size.(Very Frustrating!!) So I ordered them and tried them on and immediately the arch support felt weird.  It pushed up into my foot.  I walked around the house to see if it would feel any different, but its hard to tell unless you run in them.  Of course once you do that, you can't send them back.  So I went for a run, and unfortunately they hurt worse while running.  These shoes are definitely only for those with very, very high arches.  It pushes so hard into your arch, and the rest of the shoe is to tight around your foot.  The gel nimbus is much better.  Guess I know for next time.  If you are considering, make sure you try it on in a store, but I would stay away.  Overall an ASICS letdown.Not very sturdy.For some reason these shoes fit better at the store in a smaller size.  I thought I should get 1/2 size larger for walking.  But even though they were 1/2 size larger, my toe seemed to come to the end and they were too wide in the heel and the width.  Plus there does not seem to be much cushion in the ball of the foot.  I felt bad, as it was a super great price.Returned as they were too small even though 1ordered a sixe up from my regular shoe sizeIts a good looking wallet but the zipper is brokenShoe is very cheaply made.  looks nothing like the picture. color totally different. would not recommendDon't know how comfortable as these were too small to wear - odd since all of my many other keens are 9.5s, had to return these.Too bad these were too small.  The quality was ok, but they just didn't fit.  I expected more stretch in them and there was very little.  Everyone was saying they run so big and to order a size or two smaller.  I ordered a size smaller and they were too small.  I returned them and did not re-order.  I have a different brand that is so comfortable and stretches perfectly.  Unfortunately they are out of stock and not making them so I was looking for something similar.  I will keep looking.  There was no problem with this company with the return and refund.Cute idea, the suit fits kinda funny and the image started flaking off after the 2nd wash. Would not buy from this seller againWas so small that I couldn't even get them on. Normally a medium but would have had to get an xxl just to put them on.This was advertised as women's and its so small it fits my 11 year old petite daughter who wears size 10 in kids size. I ordered an XL.s***ty watchMeh. not impressed with the quality of this material so far.I ordered my size and the waist fit perfectly, but around the ankles were extremely loose and nothing like the picture. In fact it felt like a completely different cut. The ripped portion of the jeans were also small when compared to amount of circumference the jeans had. I'd recommend buying a size down if you still want to buy this disaster of a cutThe material is stiff, even after washing.  It also is very long.Lace grommet fell out after 2 years of use. Looks like a poorly designed piece to me. I expect more from a fairly expensive product.[...]The music box did not work.  Replaced batteries and still did not work.  So it was returned.  I ordered another one and hopefully that will work.The sole of the sandal bends over and under my foot occasionally when I walk.  I need to be careful so I do not trip.  I can not figure out why it does this.
I have owned a similar style of sandal which were more costly- and one of my favorites. I always received compliments when I wore them. With that said, these sandals definitely look cheaper.  I am disappointed in the purchase overall.
On the bright side, the sole is cushioned and is comfortable, if it doesn't bend in half when I walk.Mine broke in 3 days they don't have good rubber bands i fish a lot in the sun the rubber band got dried out from the sun.The actual length of this scarf is barely 70", not 82" as the description says. The colors are pretty, but the material is practically sheer it's so thin. If this is what you want, it's nice enough (if grossly overpriced), but it doesn't match the description.The fabric was a cheap cotton. Hanes undershirts are a better quality fabric than this. The item does not look like the picture and the fit is awkward. The sleeves are very tight but the bodice was loose and has a boxy fit. Total waste of money.Like the shoe, too big for me to be able to useCheap!This wig was supposed to be fun. This wig is garbage. I would need a stylist on a production set to make this work. This wig is not for people who do not know how to wear wigs and make them look like it came out of your scalp.The first thing is they were way to big on the waist and barely long enough in the leg. After I washed them they shrunk to Capri length and not at all in the waist. They are flimsy but really comfortable. So I guess I can wear them around the house where I don't fear them falling off.I recieved the item that's all I have ritght now. It is a gift I don't know he will like it or not.Clothes were fine but didn't fit, in order to return the cheapest shipping method was $11. Basically a waste of moneyCompletely see throughJust wrong...the sizing, the quality, the sewing.Didn't fit my 12 month old... Unless it was pulled down hard then it was so deep it covered good eyesThis dress has no shape to it. The photography was clever because it in no way accentuates the waistline. The top portion fit like a small and the bottom half, like a large.The buttons aren't sewed on properly and my 7 month old pulled one off and put it in his mouth! He could have choked. Totally unsafe and should taken off Amazon and any other shelf!!!!The fit is ok but the boning on the sides digs into you and is really uncomfortable. The boning doesn't go all the way down so it digs in right where it ends (halfway down) and is also really noticeable at that point, especially if you're sitting down.

Was hoping to return but am past the 30 day window. Definitely would not recommend.Bought these shoes for running, quickly found out that they were way too stiff and especially hard in the toes. Decided to go for a short hike in them (4miles) ended up bruising my front toes from going downhill. I can wear them around for short errands and if I'm only using an elliptical and gym equipment that doesn't require any jumping or walking... they look great, but that's about it.I never received my anklet.  I got some mini light bulbs.I want to returnI splashed sunscreen on the lenses and it won't come off, they are stained forever.too small and not enough support . I thought a 38F would offer support, but the material used is just to light weight. There is also arm spillage. Not for me.They are nice but very uncomfortable. No padding in the bottom. Had them on for maybe 30 min and had to take them off as they just hurt my feet and I have small feet. Not happy with the material either, looked someone else had already worn them. Will be returning them but maybe right for someone else just not for me.Loosely woven so it snags on everything, 3 washing and it's already fading. Very thin ruff material.
I purchased this on for $20. less and it's 3 times as nice.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00VXJEYXQ/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o08_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1Cheap and poorly made.I ordered an xl the tag says xl. The dres was more like XS. I had friends that are smaller than me try it and the dress was too tight on them tooThis bathing suit fit way to smallPleather.Not as plush as IexpectedFirst time I ever bought men's briefs without an opening to remove my member for going to the bathroom. No opening! You got to be kidding. I would return but easier just to put them in a salvation army collection point. Maybe some female might like them. Me, I would recommend if your a man go to a brand that allows you to go to the bathroom. I am very disappointed, I would give a -10 if I could.Way too small. Even when I exchanged it for a larger size it was still way too small. They did send me a new one for free though, it just doesn't fit anyone except my little niece.If u have wide feet order size up. Toe box too smallThis coat is a Large and fits like a Medium. My son owns a Medium coat by a competing brand. The coasts are the exact same dimensions. I will never by another by this company.

It would be great if it fit.they ripped literally before i could even get them on. a complete and utter waste of money; very disappointed.This is a great quality product but it runs extremely small China  sizes smallTerrible.  Fits nothing like picture.  Material is horrible!Took it out of the bag and the zipper pull fell off the first time I opened it. Not impressed.I don't know why slipper manufacturers think every man as clubbed feet!  These are too wide!  Way too wide!  The foam in the insole is worthless.  The outsole material is great.  The self-fabric travel bag is a very nice touch.  Please redesign these at least 1/2" (13-15 mm) narrower, with open toes, and use a better quality foam (or other material).  As soon as I stepped into these, I felt the foam crush...and it never came back and I weigh only 160 pounds.I usually love Lucky Brand, but this shirt is do ugly in person.  It's long, boxy, the straps are too close to the neck.  Just a strange fit overall.The sizing chart for this shirt did not match at all. It was completely misleading. I will not do any business with this company again!If you are tall like me (5'9"), these are pretty short. I even bought a large for the extra length and they were above my ankles. Ended up giving them to a shorter friend of mine.not what i expectedI ordered kitty ears and this is what i got. It looks more like they sent panda or Mickey ears, that are way too close together. It looks nothing like the picture of what I ordered.The bottom of the suit was a little to small. I wear a size 6 and bought a large. Also the straps on the back were loose and hung off the suit. I would not recommend buying.Not goodFor a large it was extra large!Mine came with heavy black spots on the logo (like a black spray paint). The picture here doesn't show anything like this. I'm very disappointed.These are less narrow than the other style. But I sent them back because they were so slippery and I didn't like the tiny heel.The boot shaft is very thin, so if you have any type of calf the boot will not fit. I would not recommend this boot.Cute item but received the socks with an oil stain on the package. Will be returning them not happyThese were super tight across the instep, returned them.I haven't had this turtle necklace for more than a month and the color is starting to fade. Pretty bummed.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEYThis is NOT red ...it's orange!! It is very cheaply made..it's not worth any money...it does not look anything as pretty as it does here.I bought the size it recommended. It looks horrible on and is too loose. The material stretches and looks horrible.  I wish I wouldn't have bought it.It broke within the first week I got it. First was the little thing holding the watch , I could fix it, and two day after the winding mechanism broke, the little button on the right you use to put you watch at the right time. I pay watch cheaper with better quality. Not worse itProbably better for lobe piercings than cartlidge. I was looking forward to using this in a cartlidge piercing but the ends of the post were pinched flat in a spot. To snap into the other side i suspect. But it makes them wider than the rest of the post. So too painful to push through cartlidge. Butt stretchy lobe piercings probably wouldn't notice.I sent this watchband back. It looked used. Dirty marks and scratches on it. Wish it was what was advertised.It's pretty small for a mediumSuper Christmasy! Really awkward fit!!! Would not have purchased if I knew it would fit this way.I like the shoe, but we warned that the size is large.  It also was not new when it arrived (return from somebody else due to size issues?).  I called the seller to ask what I should do, but they never responded back.  Disappointing.First, as I later saw in the reviews, you only get one.  Second, it's really cheap looking, not even close to being as nice as the picture. Pretty disappointing - but I should have realized that, since it costs so little.Small afI received my pair and when I started to wear them I noticed the right foot was more loose than the left. They look the same but the inside stitching is really loose to the point I can no longer era them and it's too late to return. This is my second pair and so dissapointed.Although they provide a nice layer under clothing.. the bottoms ripped in the crotch area in the washer. They are very thin and therefor not very durableWore them once and they both broke.. Plastic not the best stud material.this sequins go everywhere and are itchy plus i am a 38DDD and the section for them is too smallSuper cute! I loved them. The biggest problem is the bad quality of the D rings on the side. Mine started bending within a few weeks. Super bummed. For the price I expected better quality. They are warm. Slightly small.They fit exactly the same as the ones they replaced.  However, I bought them in July  and in September the insole under the toes deteriorated.  I am really disgusted since the ones they replaced lasted 3 years.  The reason I paid $50 for a pair of sandals was how well the previous ones lasted.Made extremely cheapCan get for cheaper with the same quality.
Transport kills the products pricing.
If you like it, you can buy it!Material is flimsier than online. Buttons are poorly put on.While this dress looks "dressy", it's made of a really strange, thin, almost t-shirt like material that is clingy in all of the wrong places. Really unflattering, adds 10 pounds (I'm average BMI with a little extra in the stomach area). Color is a bit more of a brownish purple than a magenta.Arms are way to short for a tall person.This fits good okay it is on but is so tight to pull up that I am returning it. I have other speedos that are not so difficult.These nikes were a cheap immatation. I have a pair already and these are fake!!The quality is not great. It gives off a rubbery smell. I had to return it.The posting was for the wrong size and it wasn't honored unless I paid shipping.Wayyyyy too tight around the ankles causing extreme indentions that last for hours after removing socks. Would reorder or recommend.I tried really hard to like these boots but had to return them.  They were too wide - despite heavy pair of socks.  Not very comfortable for walking.  Not the best construction - heel wouldn't stand up in the winter.Luckily I read the reviews and purchased a size up. It fitted quite comfortable at that size and I had no issue with the toe area. The only problem that I had was with the arch support. Even though the shoes has a slight platform at the front, without the arch support it felt very high and not one that I would recommend to someone who has normal  arch and is planning to walk in it for long periods.very uncomfortable.  leather very hard  not comfortable.Small and the image is not clear. Looks,like they printed from a computer and ironed it onMaterial is not like In picture, it's not even as pretty, I got a size bigger (M) because it said comes small, when I received the product they sent me an XL saying it runs small so they did the math for me even though I already have. well now it's double, double the size :(Pretty but SO uncomfortable within an hour! No padding so I suggest buying some type of insoles if purchasing.Don't like this t shirt at all. Too large and the fabric feels cheap.The pads are weird. I may try pads from another sports bra in it and see if I like it better.I didn't care for the fabric at all. It felt cheap to me. I ended up buying the Clowdy jacket instead. This was too long for my taste and felt really boxy.It seems warm and similar to other blanket scarves I own, but I specifically ordered this one for the green and gold NDSU Bison colors and its black instead of green. I won't use it.These fit huge and a really long, i had to return them.Like the shoes very much BUT The straps sere too short to be able to secure them on the Velcro.  Had to return themThe claws on the gloves were put on very poorly.  There are traces of glue  all around the fingertips.  I was really disappointedCalf is way too small, thought he foot size is perfect. Too bad; had to return them.It is too bigLong story short, it was dead on accurate for five years. Then it stopped running in the middle of the day. I left it in the sun for two days and it would run again for a few days and then freeze. The charging mech on this watch dies between 5-7 years. It's roughly $75 or darn close to the price of the watch to replace it. I carefully reviewed watches on amazon for two weeks before I made my purchase. I wanted a watch that was extremely accurate, low maintenance, and able to take a beating. I loved how accurate it was for five years but, I think there must be a watch somewhere that will be accurate and not cost a $75 to repair after five years.

I'm disappointed!It looks like 1$ thing. It can be a gift for little boy, too simple for adultes :(
I bought it for boyfriend,- funny, but not coolA little smallThe color is my favorite, Yellow. The design fit. They were to small so I donated them to Goodwill Industries. I ordered xxxl. Extra large for men sizes, 10-11. I wear a 10-D. They hurt my feet and seemed tight,,too small.These are super cute, I must say, so if the company changed fabric, the pants could be good. Here is the deal breaker: they stretch ad fast, and once they do that day, you're done. Who wants to go around with cute pants falling off?
Not I.The scraps on the sides are too tight. I have a wide foot so it should have been more flexible for all widths.Initially always a very happy with the shoes and they're comfortable when you first put them on. After I wore them the first time, I begin to realize that there's somewhat and arrow because my little toe was being pinched. I stretched out the leather to make the shoes a little more comfortable. However, after about a half-dozen wearings, they are beginning to be scuffed. See photos. I am very disappointed in the quality of the shoes and I would have hoped that they would hold up a little better.Does not fit and poorly sewn.The shoes are very cute and my daughter loves the lights but she has worn them 5 times and one of the straps has become detached from the velcro. I am horribly disappointed with the quality! I ordered them months ago but she started wearing them this fall and 5 wears later they have fallen apart but I've missed the return window. Highly disappointed!Very thin!! Was disdapointed with the quality of this hoodie. Was thinner than a t-shirt.post on earring to big, hurt ear.If the title said Haggar suit jacket, I'd probably give it a 2 or 3 star. But the fact that it says slim fit, I'll have to give it a 1 star. This jacket is not anywhere close to slim fit. I'm not a small guy, and this is pretty much a standard suit coat. You will definitely have to tailor this coat to get close to slim fit. If you are planning to purchase this thinking you won't have to tailor it, think again!I purchased this Invicta watch right before I left for vacation. Being that the watch says that it is waterproof I left it on while going to the beach. Needless to say in less than six of water, the waterproof watch was no more, water seeped into the watch while I was in the water. This is just the beginning of the problem.

I contacted Invicta in November 2016, because I was within the time frame of the one year warranty, and after being placed on hold for three hours they finally took my information and asked me to send them a $28.00 and the watch to the address they provided. About a two weeks later I received an email from Invicta telling me that it was going to cost me $118.72 to repair the watch that cost me $104.99. I called Invicta and was on hold for another three hours, to only be told that the watch had been shipped out and that they do not handle repairs at their corporate office. In early December 2016, I then emailed Invicta in response to their November 2016 email and refuted the quote for repairs and told them that the watch was still under warranty, provided them copies of my Amazon invoice, the USPS tracking of when it was sent and asked for an explanation of why and a revision of their quote.

As of May 2,2017, I had yet to receive a response from Invicta or my watch. On May 3, 2017, I received a FedEx package, and what do you know it was my watched......still broken! I have a total of six Invicta watches, never had a problem with anyone of them before, but I shall never purchase another Invicta watch because of the poor customer service and their inability to honor their warranty on their products. I would not recommend this watch or any other watch made by Invicta.My feets hurt me.I ordered my normal shoe size (a 7) and I had to cram my foot in, which after three steps was terribly uncomfortable. They fit my little sister who wears a 6-61/2 like a glove, so I ended up giving them to her. I then ordered a size 8 and they were too big and ended up returning them. Damn shame.es para niosssJust did not like itI work in a train yard,which has lots of rocks and very uneven surfaces. This why I choose a hiking boot. These boits are terrible. I feel like I am wearing slippers or sine kind of soft sneaker.
#1 the sole is nit hard at all. I feel every rock and its size right directky on the bottom of my foot.
#2 tgey are not slip resistance.

I will be giving these ti my sister who will not need them for the purpises in which i do.buying shoes is always so hard for me.  These shoes are so pretty and colorful and that part I love.  The length is a bit to short on my right foot and therefore I need to return them.  I hope to find them in Women's but I generally do have to go to mens which are not pretty at all.i didn't like these. firstly in order to fit me i had to max them out. and i'm not even that tall! i'm like 5'10". secondly, they say something like "suspender depot" or something on the leather joiner which i didn't like. i bought them to wear with a tux - i'm not having "suspender depot" (or something like that) on my back.one boot is tighter than the other, no arch support so I had to use inserts.  I can only wear for short periods of time like less than 2 hours since there was an obvious defect.  I didn't send them back since I didn't wear them right away and once worn, you cannot return them.  They are a cute design, just obviously not well made.not too bad! im not that crazy about it. this is the second shoe i order and i still want something else coz i don't really like them. i will order another kind later.I like  but only pictureMaterial too thin!Very uncomfortable shoes. Bought as thought they might be good on long airplane flight. Not only are they ugly, they run too small to be comfortable and have no support for walking. Should have returned them but too lazy.These were too big, Will be returning these for sure! If you decide to purchase, select a full size smaller!I am VERY disappointed in the quality of these shoes.  My young son only wore these water shoes a handful of times (maybe 5 times) when the stitching around the top came loose. The band around the mesh is now separated from the top of the shoe and the thread continues to come loose.  He certainly won't get the wear out of them that I expected. He has only worn them to a pool (we haven't gotten to the beach yet). This is not a brand I will try in the future.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Aquatik-Kids-and-Baby-Toddlers-Aqua-Water-Shoes-Beach-Shoes/dp/B001CX12KG/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Aquatik Kids and Baby - Toddlers Aqua Water Shoes - Beach Shoes</a>

Side Note:  Upon further inspection, I noticed that the brand name Aquatik was nowhere on the shoe.  Instead there was the name "Frisky." The last time he wore them the shoe liner came out. Aparently this is a "Prestige" product. Not sure how they are associated with Aquatik. I'll know to check more carefully in the future. Amazon refunded the cost of the shoe and were very apologetic.These shoes don't look as good as they do in the picture, the straps hang loosely and the shoe itself is an awkward amount too big. In other words, going down a half a size would not solve the problem. Also, when I returned them I had to pay for the shipping myself, which was about half the price of the shoes themselves! Talk about a rip off...Top is too small and I am not bustyNeed to return dits every where but the bust area too big.  I am not small either.Start falling apart after a few weeks. They are falling apart where I tie them up. Its a novel idea but the execution is poor, and now I've spent $7 on a pair of shoelaces that only lasted a month.I purchased this item $98.50, and when it arrived I was disappointed to see that the suggested retail price was only $90.The dress is beautiful but the problem is that is totally and completely see through, I mean you see everything! i used a slip and it even then it showed the slip! the only slip I might be able to wear under this dress is an expensive one I wore under my wedding dress but then since it is a full body slip you'll see the long slip and in the nice open back the dress has -no good. Also, if you dare wear this dress you must have an amazing body because it you have ANY belly fat or cellulite it can be seen through the dress! if you have a belly pooch this dress will make you look pregnant! But if you have a slim flat belly and are able to find a good slip you can wear it. My husband bought it for me months ago and unfortunately I have not been able to wear it :(this watch at this price point , howver it broke very shortly after orderingHorrible quality and delivery took 2 months.This jacket is not what I expected at all. I wanted a peacoat with a hood, what I got was a long hoodie. The material is sweatshirt material. Not happy.I love Nine West and they were always true to size...until this show. I ordered 9.5 which usually fits me like a globe and it was a bit small but not that big of a deal...ususally the shoe stretches a bit after a couple of hrs, which they did, but boy...I had blisters ALL OVER my feet after 3 hrs of wearing them and walking short distances...never did it happen before with this brand and I doubt is the size, bit the shoe model itself.Sorely disappointed in the quality of these shoes. Have had to glue the layers of the sole back together but they are already separating again. I thought of Clarks as a quality brand. No more.Hate it these rings are very inappropriate for teenagers i recommend to stop selling body rings for are children's sake.Cheaply made.Too narrow returnedLove love love these shoes. Soft , comfortable and stylish. Great colors! Looking to buy more to match my ear wardrobe.I must have gotten a defective pair as I work outside in the midwest and my hands are cold in temps at 20 degress F or below. My entire hand, not just the index finger. Plus they are not very durable, as they are pretty much worn out already and it's just December.The watch stays off (as in no displayed numbers) until you tap the screen. If you tap twice it assumes you are resetting the time and tapping again changes the minutes. It stopped working one day after its first exposure to rain. It does look sleek though and I did think about continuing to wear it after it failed, but .....it's not THAT cool.I've had it a little over a year and it broke.  Not reliable.The arms were too tight.I originally purchased this item as a gift for a friend as she is a FitFlop freak!  These boots do not have any give at the top as a result, she could not get the boots on her feet.  I saw a few other reviews claiming the same problem.  I got the boots on my feet but they were way to big for me.  No happy medium.  Sorry FitFlop, these are just a Flop.i don`t like it,becasure it`s so badWhat I ordered and what I got r two different things disappointed but have to keep as we leave to kayak and I have to have shirt...I am more worried over the spf rating for first shirt and this shirt r two different things also. Not worth the money if u don't get what u ordered :(This was very cheap looking. I'm giving it to one of my four-year-old's friends who likes to play dress up.I like it but it's hard to figure out how it goes.The battery only lasted three years, not ten years.  Though a sturdy watch, it was difficult to set because it was so complicated to deal with the four buttons on the sides.  Finally, the instructions did not even specify what kind of battery the watch requires.  Googling did not yield an answer, either.  So now that the battery is dead, I will have to buy a whole another watch, as I don't even know what kind of battery to use as a replacement.

Finally, the instructions are WAY too complicated.  Takes hours to try to figure out how to get into Timekeeping Mode and then change the hours or minutes,  The other functions I never use.  I just want to know the time, no alarm, no SNZ, H - P, etc.  It's ridiculous.Terrible quality, some clasps are broken and others won't stay closed.pocket was rippedreturned itIt turned my finger green in one daySizing is way off. Doesn't fit like any Cherokee top.It's cute, but the zipper fell off. :( They should have put a clasp at the top maybe.I sent back because of size issues. Need a better size conversion chart. While I had them they looked fine, but can't vouch for the wear.I wanted to purchase athletic socks for my husband.  They were thin, but perfect for what we wanted in athletic socks. They were smaller than the size they represented, so we had to return them.  They did not fit my husband's 13 shoe-size.The black on the collar shirt was already faded, other than that its cool to sleep in but id be embarrassed to go out n itFits too smallShoulder hem ripped on every shirtThe zipper has broke after only 1 year this is disappointing is there a return policy.  I've also contacted Vera Bradley customer service to see if they can repair the backpack.Arrived scratched and broken.Legs are shorter than the picture. Definitely puts your junk on display in gym or golf shorts. Fine for jeans.For larger sizes the breast pads are misplacedway too smallMy fianc&eacute; got these for my sisters birthday, but I had to return them because the boots wouldn't zip all the way up. They're cute shoes, but I wish they had a bigger calf size optionthe product is great but i received with the interior zip broken.
i need to use yet but i think you need more quality control.
Its a samsonite!

regardsIt is too small, the finish is not great either.The eyes were set too far apart for me and it was super uncomfortable to wear because of this. It's nice but I used it for a total of 2 mins and then tossed it aside so that I could actually see.Heavy demim, does not fit like my blue 513s, and the colors are browner than expected - would not order againI needed this for a particular occasion. Not only did it come way too late, but it was way too small. Order 2-3 sizes larger. Trust me, you will thank me later.I just received the 1/2ct Black Diamond Hoop Earrings in Sterling Silver.  I purchased them for my wife, but upon receiving and looking the earrings over, I would be absolutely embarrassed to give them to her.  The quality and craftsmanship of these earrings are horrible, and are a far cry from the earrings pictured.  Each earring has an empty setting, some of the diamonds are off-centered, and most are facing different directions.  The quality is unacceptable for even cheap costume jewelry, let alone fine jewelry. It is hard to understand how anyone would deem them acceptable for sale and shipment.  Maybe some customers received earrings that actually looked as go as the ones in the picture, but I really question if those positive reviews were actually real customers.This quality is horrible and the threads at the hemming was so tight i couldn't even walk in it!It's not as it seemsDO NOT BUY THIS WATCH. The watch band is very cheaply made. I bought this on December 18th and gave it as a Christmas gift. By the beginning of January the band had come off twice and by the end of January my spouse notice that the blue trim was already coming off. The pretty blue band is cheaply made. It is like blue tape stuck to the sides. There is already signs of wear on the band. Shameful for a high end name watch maker and to have a small window to exchange or return for DEFECTIVE product shows you they know it is such a cheaply made product that they cannot afford to guarantee it longer than 30 days.

I expected to return it or exchange it today, Feb 3rd, for another model, but to my surprise, return policy expired January 31.This comes straight from my China so my expectations weren't high. I wouldn't recommend for an adult as it looks like children's jewelry. The black lense part was off to the side and not in the correct spot.This is advertised as a Women's Small - it is more the size of a Girls 12.  The images are blurry.  Additionally, the front logo is placed too close to the armpit seam.  The company was nice to give us an RMA, however shipping charges to China ($35) exceed the cost of the shirt.  Would not recommend this.I ordered these boots as a gift but they didn't fit.  I decided to keep the boots myself but when I tried them on they were extremely narrow and bent at the middle of the back of the heel.  I normally love naturalizer shoes but these just weren't like the ones I've owned in the past.  I ordered these in November and tried to return them after Christmas but was told that the date of return had expired.  I wasn't aware of the date cut off for gifts.  (in all fairness, I didn't inform them it was a gift, but I didn't do that on 90% of the gifts I ordered.)  The color of these boots also look strange.  Don't think I will be ordering Naturalizers online again.I ordered the size I had been wearing for years. Way too large, and the fabric was a lot heavier than what I had.The box said 7.5 and the were a size 8Color was not as vibrant as pictured and waist was enormous. I ordered a small which was too large and an extra small wasn't offered.Had to return. It was too short and too large for the size ordered.It comes with a weird line or string hanging from the top of the brim.  it's not so evident from the picture and it detracts from the clean white cover and the funny words.  I'll be returning this.Pants did not fit as stated. They were plenty baggy around the calves, but skin tight on my thighs, even though the fit is looser than what I usually wear, 541's. I am starting to dislike Levis. They tend to be cheap and the fit varies or is unlike what the fit descriptions states. I'll never buy 559's again.What do you expect for the price? I took a chance, and it didn't work out. These did fit tightly on my face, but didn't block glare as advertised. so I don't like them.The pant were extremely long...the jacket fit fine.Dont waste your money. Shiny, cheap fabric. Garbage.This are not original converseNice concept, but arrived looking used and had to return.The shirt itself is very soft.  As far as the print on the shirt it looks like someone took an image that was the size of a thumbnail and stretched it to fit across the shirt.  It is very pixelated and the colors are not bright and bold.  Very disappointed.These are not the docs I normally wear. They are not made in England. They are shaped like clown shoes the sole wears out and the leather rubs off IN LESS THAN A YEAR! I did not wear these often due to the tackiness of the boots. This is just a low quality replica of what was once more than an icon. Very poor craftsmanship. Took the length of time to break them in as it did to wear them out. What a waste!!!! I will get the vintage 1460s from the DMs website instead next time around.shrunk after washingCute earrings but not what I expected. They were way too small. I actually returned them the next day after receiving them.Too small.This is so thin! You can see everything through it. Buy a slip to go under it...wrong green
can i return it??Form fitting, no stretch or give. Wearable yet runs small and skinny at waist and hips. order a size larger for comfy moving fitI wanted to love this so badly, but its design made it impossible. The outer chiffon layer is great. Its flowy and has a really nice length to it. My issue is that the solid inner cami is too short. The point of having the inner layer is for some modesty so that things don't show through the chiffon. The cami leaves a couple of inches of skin exposed above the top of midrise jeans. Im guessing its because Im large chested, and this wasn't accounted for in the design. Either way, I won't be able to wear it under blazers to the office.AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL!!!!! The picture looked so great... The dress when it arrived looked like a child had sown it together. The boob area was really awkward and misshapen. It was just all around terrible.Ditto what the other reviewers said - it is NOT what was pictured. There are other piglet costumes on amazon and  this one looked like the best one - nope. It is just like the other ones - no tail, small hood and face, darker pink ends at waist (not mid-thigh), and the stripes are barely visible. When you put the hood on, the face points upward and the pig nose looks like a horn on the top of your head so you can't even see the face.

That said, it's not a horrible costume, it's just disappointing because it's not what is shown. It's not very good quality, but it is soft. It runs small though. I got it for my 13yo daughter who is 5'1, 112 pounds. I ordered her a Medium and was loose/baggy as she wanted, but not overly so. A small would have fit but not like you would expect.ReturnedI ordered a small but received a medium. It does not lay flat like the picture shows. It sort of cinched at the waist. It would have been nice if it fit like the picture shows.This umbrella failed the second time I used it.  Theres is some type of line that runs through the handle up to the top and it must be broken because the umbrella will not go up or down.  What a waste of money - so disappointing.I had to send back fabric too sheer and flimsy.  I knew it would get holes in it with a wearing or two.Not happy it was made cheep lens came  out first day never again Tommy I returned them.I am ALWAYS a size 7 and sometimes a 6.5 in Steve Madden. When these came in size 7 I could not even get them on my feet! They're narrow and at least one full size too small. Shame, the teal color is gorgeous.It was a little smallThe first one we got from Amazon, came in with a loose diamond on dial, the 12 o'clock one.  Returned.
Got another one, no cosmetic issue, but it stops randomly, although the spring shows winded when it stops.  It happens about once a week, while my wife wears it almost everyday.
Finally, my wife gave up, although she loves the appearance of this watch very much.The shoe quality seems good and I liked the style but they were stiff and uncomfortable to wear. I ordered a size up and they were still way too small in the toe. If you have a wide foot you probably won't find these comfortable!The fit is very odd and extra large. Surprising for a Playtex. I returned all of them.The white is completely see through and the leg is flared not tight.  Returning...was not what i expected and the fit is too small even though its supposed to be the same size as the other blouse i got.I opened the package and the sweater was soaked in diesel fuel or kerosene . washed it 3 times and it still stinks. it had several flaws where the sewing was on sleeves and fringe was sown to the sweater. Biggest mess i have ever seen. I will not ever buy from this company again. i started to call  the  police because of the order. i burned it up.Felt cheap. Thin clasp and weak band. Didn't live up to the high praise of other reviewers. Bottom line us that you get what you pay for.pictures indicates scarf is large but is only a little head coverGlasses were broken when I received themI echo others - these things are enormous.  HUGE.  So bad I actually contacted Hanes and was like WTF?  They apologized, sent a label and are forwarding a refund.  So that's why 2 stars and not 1.  But, unless you're freaking Sasquatch, don't bother til they figure this out.

UPDATE - Switched over to Champion low-cut socks.  They are perfect.  See review.This stuff didn't work, I'm very disappointed.Color is not what is shown: much more silver. Black is accent instead of the primary color. Ordered and returned two. One set was also damaged in transit or at the point of origin.This dress looks better in the picture material is very cheap and see through.I thought the blouse is just like the picture shows, but when I got this item, it only has a thin, totally one layer of lace. It's transparent and cannot wear by itself. You have to wear a tank top underneath, which is okay for me but still feel disappointed. The seller should make a clear statement of disclosure regarding this.Used only once.  Stayed within weight limits and wheels broke on both of these suitcases I bought.I ordered 9D (wide) but they felt more like 8B (normal width).  They had no arch support.  I almost always purchase NB for running & walking shoes, but these were quite a disapointment.  I returned them.this is too small for me and I will probably never wear it. But I had to keep it because the shipping charges back to the UK/China were HUGE.
DissapointingThese broke very quickly. CheapDon't even fit for a XL fits more like a XSBuckle doesn't clench belt tight enough slides right out....don't even want to try another...waste of moneywould have  been nice to receive the right size.  Ordered a 13.5 and received a 10.5.  Boooo.  13.5 in gray is great.Liked the color only. Unfortunately the rubber is low quality and splitting on both shoes sides. Shoes are useless now as dirt or water gets in shoes where torn and I'll have to throw out not good for the environment at all.These boots are so tight I can barely get my foot in it much less wear them!  They are not "rounded" toed either!  SadnessI was so looking forward to these shoes. They are cute and with the rubber wedge, I thought they would be great to teach in all day. However, when I put them on, my toes were scrunched and the top of the shoe seemed narrow. I always wear a size 9.5, but it was definitely too small. If you wanted to order, I would recommend ordering a size up.This was a perfect sanded fit just right and shaped your foot great, but the little bumps on the sandle really start to bother you after a good 15 minutes of having them on.Too thin, not what I expected. Material is awfulWaaaay too small... can't even put them on.It doesn't fit me or my man...disappointed.  Not worth the $$ to ship backPretty gold color, but it arrived completely a tangled mess and took a while to detangle.  It also gets re-tangled easily and doesn't sit quite as pictured (or at least, it doesn't stay that way for long!)When it got here i opened the box to use it and nothing !!! The Batterys where flat . Now this is a problem as i am here in Afghanistan and can not just pop to a shop and buy some more . I needed this product to weight my bags for my trip home at xmas .
SO I wasn't very happyat all . !!!!!

yours a very unhappy customer .I bought this in my size that I normally get for bras and it was still way too small. It did not give me enough coverage and the stickiness wore off within three wears. I did not see any push-up effects either.I ordered this shirt for a friend for Xmas. When I finally got it and took a look at it I was really disappointed. It looks nothing like any of the pictures and it's not even an xl (maybe in a child's siZe) the material feels cheap and the color is more of a faded pink.I bought a pair of these at another store and these!
Both the same size
These are tight- like they are really 1/2 size smaller than marked
I can't wear themI ordered these in a medium, because that's the size that I wear in every maternity brand I've worn.  When I got these pants, they were absolutely humongous!  They looked like at least an extra large.  The crotch came to halfway down my thigh, and they were ridiculously long.  Needless to say, I returned them and didn't order another pair.  The stitching is also orange, which I couldn't tell from the picture, and didn't like.Not what I expected for a tie bar. A little too short; it's the size between a skinny and standard tie and has a funky look to it. I'll stick to my regular clip tie barsThese look much better in the picture than they did in real life. Although I've loved prior Carlos Santana shoes, these seemed cheap and poorly made. I was disappointed and ended up returning them.My much-anticipated Bushacre 2 Chukka Boots just arrived and I was eagerly going about the unboxing when I discovered...I'm the proud (and disappointed) owner of TWO LEFT-FOOT&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/CLARKS-Men-s-Bushacre-2-Chukka-Boots-Chocolate-11-5-M-US/dp/B01JS640EI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">CLARKS Men's Bushacre 2 Chukka Boots, Chocolate, 11.5 M US</a>!!!!
I thought I could possibly squeeze into them (I *REALLY* WANTED them to fit) and then I saw the size on the labels (on the tongue of the boot)..and NEITHER OF THEM IS THE RIGHT SIZE.
One is 1/2 a size too small and the other is a FULL SIZE TOO SMALL.

They look GREAT...the only problem is that I can't wear them.

Grrrrrrrrrr........When I got the glasses they were circular not rectangular, came with a silver part in the middle and were very big. Recommend do not buy!FOR THE PRICE IT LOOKS CHEAP AND THE PICTURE IS OFF CENTER WASTE OF MONEYI also had a problem with a seam at the end of the tongue.  There's a thick band of fabric that was pressing into the top of my foot when I tried it on.  It would have been a painful problem, so I returned them.They break within a couple of days.The red handbag looks like plastic! Reminds me of those cheap little purses made for kids. This would be an okay travel bag for makeup or personal supplies, but not at all rich or authentic looking. I almost returned it, but I thought for the price maybe I could get used to the plastic feel and look. I wrote the seller before buying to ask about the product because material was not listed. They wrote back describing the purse as made from faux leather,  this is not true! This material is nothing like leather. I avoid animal products, therefore I ordered this handbag thinking I would like the material, size and color. I won't order a purse online again unless I can take back to a brick and mortar store. It is just too hard to determine the actual feel and look of the materials and also how it fits me individually.  Sometimes I wonder if other reviews are authentic. Not one reviewer mentioned the plastic look and feel. I hope this review helps the next person thinking about this item!! I  can"t imagine a grown person liking this purse enough to give it 5 stars!!. I gave this item two stars because it has a long detachable and adjustable cross-body strap and it also has short carry straps. Also, the interior fabric has a nice pattern. Arrived on time as promised.The front wrap is kind of weird. It doesn't hug like the picture, loosey goosey.  I didn't think it was that cute in person.I returned the cami because it wasn't long enough for me.The skirt was too long, the bodice was too tight, and it was pretty "cheesy."  It was see through on the bottom, and the material over the shoulders was not elegant or pretty, but felt scratchy.  I would not recommend this dress.Not true to size. Very small.Small small small confusing and way too small, got a size up from what I ordered! Sent back next day!!During order process confusing on sizes ordered one adult large and thought ordered 3. Got 2 as Youth Large. Way off.This boot runs very small.  I was not able to wear these boots for that reason.Already wrote this review - This is not surplus it is a manufactured replica that just misses the spot.  Fabric is wrong, Color is just off and the zipper pull is on the left side of the zipper rather than the right.  Disappointed.These underwear are flattering but overall, they just can't stay where they're supposed to.  They ride up in jeans and or if you're working and squatting - you'll get wedgies and all of the thigh material ends up in the creases of your groin.  Not comfortable or practical for daily wear.This dress looks nothing like pic. It's see through but has nothing to put under it like in the pic. The sleeves and length of the dress and way shorter then in pic. Unproportioned some areas are tight and others baggy. Looks Frompy not sexy how I thought it wouldOkay, so, I thought I ordered this product in gray because I knew from the pictures that I would not like the black, but I received a black hoodie instead and of course, I didn't like it.  No biggie, right? I figured I'd just contact Amazon, exchange it for the one I purchased and be on my merry little way...
Yeah, not so much.
I tried returning it and, as stated in other reviews, the seller makes it... difficult. (To put it mildly)
Here are actual responses to my request:

> > Item: Womens Pullover Jumper Hoodie Hooded Coat Warm Sweatshirt Outerwear
> > Jacket,Black,XL
> > Qty: 1
> > Return reason: Ordered wrong style/size/color
> > Buyer comments: I thought I ordered the gray one.

----

> > ------------- Begin message -------------
> >
> > Dear ***,
> >
> >
> > Thank you for contacting us. But your order is black one, do you not like
> > it?
> >
> > I am waiting for your reply:)  Best regards!

-----
Hello ***,
> No, I wanted the gray one. Sorry, but I thought I ordered the gray one. I
> don't really like the black one. Can I exchange it?

----
Dear ***'
>
> Thanks for your contracting. We have sent your package out and it is too
> late to block. So could u pls wait for several days If you still do not
> like when you received it, pls contract us at first, and we will try our
> best to help to solve this problem.
>
> Sorry for the inconvenience.
>
> I am waiting for your reply:)  Best regards!

------

[Mind you, at this point I had had possession of the item for two days... Alas, that's another discussion. Let us continue and see how this is resolved, shall we?]

-----

Hi, I received it 2 days ago. That is when I discovered it was black and
not gray. I did not even open the plastic, I just put it back into the
package. Will you let me know where to send this package, please? Thank you,

-----

Dear ***,

Thank you for letting us know. Yes, you purchase a black one, did you not like it?
> Sorry for the inconvenience.
>
> I am waiting for your reply:)  Best regards!
------

[Grrrr]

-----

I had hoped to exchange it for the gray one because I really wanted the gray one. This is terribly frustrating.

-----

Dear ***,,

Thank you for letting us know. Your order is black one, do you not like it?
>
> But the shipping back cost will be more than $20, so how about refunding $7 to you as compensation? Maybe you can send it to someone as a gift?

Or what is your ideas?

I am waiting for your reply:)  Have a nice day!

---

Hello ***,

I had hoped to exchange it for the gray one. How much is it to ship back?

---

[No response...]

---

Hello,

After further consideration, I have decided to keep the item and accept the partial refund in lieu of paying additional shipping fees. I will give it to someone else. Thank you for your assistance.

I will say this, although, I was pretty positive that I clicked on the grey shirt, I should have probably paid more attention to the color when I clicked "purchase" or when I tracked the shipment or whichever, so I take responsibility for my part in this, however, had I known that it was impossible to return, I would most certainly have done so or not have bothered at all.
So, today's lesson, 1) they REALLY wanted me to have the black one. 2) make sure you check, double-check, and triple-check your orders from Zeagoo because there are no exchanges.
But at least she was "sorry for the inconvenience" so... Score?Terrible quality and no where near true to size.These would be fine except they have a bright turquoise key symbol on the back heel that is visible.  Who wants to sport their logo on your heel?!With this item, it is good quality but we expected a fox ears and tail as said in the description but instead it was a cats ears and tail. When we received it we were very disappointed, the name said cats ears and tail fox. So it was not what we wanted.Terrible quality, shedded everywhere and fell apart before even going to the costume party.one trip and damagedDO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCTOkay so not only is the fabric super thin, it's cheap and the label is only a vinyl press. Not embroidered. It's see-through. But it  does get the job done. Comes with a clip. And feels steady enough to not break. Fits well.Not like picWhen I got them they came with the center piece broken...Everytime I wore them they bothered meI purchased this expecting a product that looked like what is pictured in the as.  What arrived was a flimsy poorly made scarf.  I would not recommend this product.THE SHOE WERE SHIPPED FROM AMAZON AND THE ITEM WAS NOT IN ADIDAS ORIGINAL KID'S BLUE SHOE BOX INSTEAD THEY WERE IN A BROWN PLAIN SHOE BOX. I DO NOT THINK THESE SHOE ARE 100% AUTHENTIC ADIDAS SHOES. ALSO THE SHOES ARE A SIZE 2 KID'S WHICH DOES NOT FIT WELL AND TOO SMALL.The fit is perfect but they do have a little distortion to a point. Its kinda lime putting on someones perscription glasses. I aint mad thought i only paid $18I have several Julian Taylor dresses but this one is odd. The waist is low and then instead of flare, it is pleats WITH POCKETS. Makes it bunchy and looks odd.one word trashOrdered a size large in both this gray and blue color. This pair looks much smaller and is over 6 inches shorter. I love the pants style and material, but sadly I cannot wear it.Timex should be ashamed of themselves.  Here they sell you a watch that literally falls from your wrist because the metal band comes apart.

The watch is GREAT...the band sucks.These seemed to run wide and when my 6 yo tried these on,just walking across the living room made the patent leather look marred up. The have been returned.* This doesn't keep my feet warm.
* The bottom is too thick for wearing inside the house.
* The bottom isn't aligned correctly. My heel is on soft material while the rest of my feet is on the hard rubber.Not paticularly comfortable.  The band rolls up under the cups.  I won't buy this particular bra again.  Playtex makes other products I prefer.No support, unattractive shape, not good traction. Bad buy at any price.Yes, I HATE this bra.  I did not understand what I was purchasing.  The see-through, flimsy style is exactly what I did not want.  Had the photo shown the woman's areola through the material, I would have NEVER purchased this bra.  PLEASE update the picture of the ACTUAL bra for future purchasers.Easily bent and creased. Not worth the price. Too thin.too small, and the outfit was made with cheap materialIf it were a bit longer and stretchier I think it would have been perfect. I think it's made more for women who are 5'2 or 5'3 and slim build.So mad I spent my money on them. Don't buy these shades they are the worst knock offs ever in life.Cute but useless. No arch support or padding. Not well suited for walking/hiking/wet weather.This isn't at all what I was expecting. I ordered based on my measurements (Large), and ordered. I waited an unusually long time for it to arrive only for many things to be wrong with it. The first thing I noticed was some weird dry scratchy type of fuzzy balls all over it. Then when I put it on, I noticed that the top part is too loose, and the bottom is WAY TOO SHORT. It's a whole 5 inches above my knee while standing straight up! I can't bend over even a little bit without it showing what's underneath. This woul be good for a Halloween or party costume, and that's it! Not only do I not want this dress, but I can't even send it back. Waste of money.Too narrow.I'm disappointed with these LifeStride boots as they aren't finished very well on the inside top of the boot.  I wore them with a pair of leggings to the office and the boots snagged the leggings so badly, I won't be able to wear them to the office again.  This is unacceptable.  I rather doubt I'll ever wear them again - probably donate them.They were too small. I bought them the exact size of my previous dickies but they did not fit at allBought twice, and they did not last 2 months. If you are going to use them for daily work they will break. Very unhappy with this purchase.Very poor quality...used everyone of them 1 time and tossed!  The wheels just don't turn well (or at all)...too big and longbought these for my boyfriend.  he wore them three days and now they sit in a closetIt's too long for my torso (I'm 5ft 125lbs) so it pushes my bra up causing the underwire from my bra to dig in my underarms. It also lost shape very quickly, this is the first waist trainer so that may be typical. I would prefer the upper area that is closer to my breast to be more snug buts it's lose.I thought these items would be a soft cotton however, they are a rough, itchy fabric that I have to wear a long sleeve cotton tee shirt under.  Disappointing.Mine brokeOrdered the gray-striped size 24 months for my 21 month old. She is average height and weight. The sleeves ride up, the feet are too small. Our biggest problem with these pajamas is the no-grip on the feet. Our baby slipped and fell the first (and last) time she wore these pajamas. If you have wood floors, or any non-carpeted surface, don't buy these pajamas.Clasp won't stay closed so the bracelet keeps falling off of my arm.However early on the stitching came out and I had to pay $10 to have it repaired. That was disappointing. Am considering purchasing this bag in blue or purple...haven't decided, only based on quality. It's roomy and even fit my iPad. I just wish it hadn't have come unstitched and required an expensive fix.After only 2 months, the sole of the shoe actually started to peel away, I actually have had to gorilla glue it twice already.. was super comfortable but the durability is awfulThe dress fit but it does not look like the picture when you get it. I plan on returning it. I did not like it at all.I LOVE FitFlop shoes.  I have owned at least 5 pair of flip flops and one pair of clogs.  I was SO SO excited when my Mom got these for me for Christmas, and SUPER disappointed when they were so big and floppy in the back and through the calf.  I tried to like them, but knew I wouldn't end up wearing them and sent them back. Customer service was great, providing a shipping label.  I will probably get some FitFlop clogs to replace them, but would have loved the boots. If you have a wide foot and a large calf, I believe these might work for you. Otherwise, you may also find them floppy and uncomfortable.Pretty disappointed in this product. It worked well and was nice for the first few months. Ive now had it a total of five months and it is falling apart. The leather material is pretty cheap and any pen ink on my hands have stained the back. Which I know is my fault but frustrating that I cant scrub it off. Also the glue holding it together it peeling off. I have ordered a new case and am throwing this away as soon as it arrivesI've worn this brand of shoes many times over the years and a 7 N is ALWAYS the right size.  Therefore, I felt confident in ordering Angel II shoes online.  Unfortunately, this pair of shoes, although labeled as a 7N didn't come close to fitting.  They were way too small.

2 starsI'm a built guy, tight shirts are ok sometimes lol. it's like he sizes we're made for anorexic guys or kids!!! Stay away from these shirts incredibly small and Tight... tried to return them not worth the hassle they basically want you to pay for shipping that's almost expensive as the shirt total BS stay away from this placeI ordered a size 8 but I don't think these were even a 7. When I took them out of the box, I could tell they were too small so I never even put them on. Just sent them back. I was a little confused by the sizing on the web page. They had size 39 EU which is usually an 8 to 8.5 and they also had size 8 US. The 39 was sold out so I ordered the 8. No go so they went back.I have a dream. It's not a big dream. My dream is when I look at my watch, I'll be able to tell what time it is! I don't need alarms, bells, whistles, digital readout, flashing lights, time in six continents, altitude, or the ability to check time, 3 miles deep in the ocean, while exploring the Titanic. I thought I was being pretty smart. I needed a watch to use while on duty as an E.M.T. My needs are simple. It needed to be large. It needed a second hand. It needed to be water resistant. It needed to have military time on the face. It needs to be able to keep time. Well....4 out of 5 isn't bad I guess. The watch has all of those things....except it doesn't keep time! I lost 4 minutes in ONE DAY! I spent a few dollars more because it was a Timex. A trusted brand.
  So what have I learned? I learned that I'm not as smart as I thought I was. Brand names mean very little.TinyIt looks nice on the picture. That is because you would not know its thickness. It is so thick that it loses the free flowing down silhouette that will enhance your body shape. If you are looking for a warm shawl in bright colors, it works. If you are looking for a graceful scarf to complement your outfit, this is not it. I have been disappointed but I missed the 30-day return window. It may end up in my bag to be sent to charity.Bought these for my husband and they were way too small.  They were way too short in the stride, as well.  Not at all satisfied with this purchase.  I ordered the size he usually wears; but, they were no where near fitting him; probably a couple of sizes too small.  They are apparently made for someone that's short-waisted and straight up and down.Broke about two months later with nominal usage. Was nice while it lasted.Shortly after wearing the ring some of the stones have fallen out. Also, the band is tarnishing.  The price is cheap but its not worth it since I cannot wear the ring anymore. (I've only had the ring for 2 months).Inter material that lizard skin is bonded to is not leather but some type of composite that does not wear well. Belt holes fray and wear quickly before outer lizard skin even begins to wear.Sized way off.  Had to return it, which made me sad because it was a very nice blouse.  I got a size up and it was still way too small.Advertised as red but are actually a brownish-red. Didn't get to use them because of the off color and would like to retuen themEven though I got one size larger than I wear it was too smallVery disappointing.  Cheap quality. Poorly package.  The hat was felt and in a million wrinkles.  It was a bummer.  I had to go out and buy something else for my kid's school project.It fits her teddy instead of her.  Waste of moneyCute flat. I wear a 8.5 so I ordered 8.5 the shoe was so small I could not get my foot in it. 2 stars for looksSize was not well specified so I had to ship it bad.  The quality was ok but it was not Women's Size and that's what is SpecifiedWay to small the material is very thin.  If you use small go for a bigger size.filmsy, must handle with careItem is unfortunately both too large and too small.  Should only be ordered by women with narrow shoulders.  I thought I was narrow yet this bra still manages to dig into places i've never experienced.  I think that may be why so many said this bra was too small because other then that everything is too big.  I can fit 2 hands instead of 2 fingers under the band and my breasts disappear in a cup that does not mold to their shape at all.  I wish it did fit because the fabric is beautiful and instead of my 32c a 30b may have fit beautifully but i'm not taking a second chance at 20 bucks a bra.Do not order these online, as the size is not accurate.I hate the fit of these, poor quality and designI like the quality but they run "very tight" for waist sizes. I am a 38 waist in everything I own but these were extremely tight. It is really to bad, because I liked the quality...I don't know if these are real UGGs. My girlfriend has always worn a size 8 in this slipper. We ordered these and they said they were 8's and were probably 7's. We were issued a refund but buyer beware if you have had UGGs before buy a size or 2 largerIt runs really small.I wear medium on all my socks, but this one is too tight on the fitting. I can't even return it since I tore the package that came with it. I thought the fitting will not be a problem considering the price of the product.1st I would like to say I love Amazon & their products but after receiving my product I must say I was not happy with it. I ordered a 3X because of past reviews saying that it runs small. So true I wear a 14-16 plus  & this item was still to small I gave it away to my daughter who is a 10-12 luckily it wasn't expensive. Still love you Amazon.too small!Horrible product. The small fits like an extra large. The elastic band broke by me trying to tighten the ankles. Don't waste your money.Service was great! Bracelet looks fake (cause it is)!Loved the necklace, wore it every day for about a week, until it broke. The lariat just fell of one day.I was actually disappointed to see the color wasn't as it showed on the pictureWay to small.Smaller than I expected. But good qualityOne Size is a joke. I'm a larger girl (Size 18, 5'8" and 250 lb) so I didn't expect it to be as flowy or as big on me as in the picture, but I expected something better than what I received. It was tight and barely pulled closed in the front, I felt if I lifted my arms it might have ripped.  The fabric was a stiff, cheap, see through polyester, though it may have softened up with a couple of washes. The pattern was nice though, not exactly like the picture, but similar enough.  I'm really disappointed that this didn't turn out like expected, I was excited about it, but glad I ordered way early before my trip so I have time to find something else. This is definitely going back.no padding in these shoes sent backThe dress I received had uneven stitching, the front flaps on the bust line were crooked, and the straps were different lengths.  NO WONDER THE DRESS WAS CROOKED!  The material is feels cheap.  Overall, this item is very poorly made.  I am sending this dress back.  Do not waste your money!It took forever to come in the mail.  When it finally did it looked cheap and was wrinkly.  It looked like a cheap costume tie for a pretend wedding.  It has hung in my closet ever since I got it in the mail because when I go to work in the morning I need a dependable tie and this one wrinkles so bad Im scared of what will happen it I have to press it even on a light setting.  To be honest Im scared I would mess up my iron.  I've gotten better ties that came for free with cheap button downs from discount stores.It's too long.  Like the fabric but needs to be shorter like the cami they used to sell.Made great and sturdy however the top fits to your body and the bottom does not so it is completely useless for me...Looks very cheap , especially the packaging. I bought this as a Christmas gift , so now I have to shop for something elseI bought these frames with the thought of having Rx lenses made and installed in them by a local optical shop. Much to my surprize and disappointment, I discovered that the frames are not closed by openable screws like most frames, but are sealed. So, it does not appear to be possible to add my own lenses. I am returning them immediately.I have tried many bras in an effort to find a comfortable one.  This one failed!  It failed on so many counts that it is difficult to know where to start.  The straps don't allow for much leverage in changing the length, the back hikes up for some reason.  I ordered a size LARGER than I normally do and I measured it.  It is exactly the same as the one I normally order.  I don't know how anyone could give this a good review.  Puzzled.The jacket as good quality. It was way to big, the XL looked like a XXXL on my body. Since it didn't fit I gave it to a less fortunate member of my church.This shoe fit a little tight where the toes meet the foot.  The fit pinched the foot and made the shoe feel uncomfortable.  I don't like the idea of having to "break in" the shoe in order to wear it.  I like for a shoe to fit comfortably immediately.  I usually take the shoes off when sitting at my desk, or at a table.  That allows my foot to relax a bit.  I would have returned the shoes if I had been organized enough to repackage them.DO NOT BUY!  These shoes fell apart after wearing them two times. Come to find out the seller is not a Vasque dealer and the shoes were manufactured in 01/2011 and have been sitting ina warehouse for almost 7 years.  According to the manufacturer they probably dry rotted while sitting in the elements so long. Ruined a great hiking vacation for us.sleeves are too large makes you look fatGraphic is not faded at all - appears shiny and stiff.  The white areas are actually pinkish in color like the graphic was previously washed and bled.  Not a nice-looking t-shirt at all.If you think there is a chance that the airline will check this bag on a smaller plane, you should avoid this product. One flight to NYC (checked by airline) and one return flight from Orlando (checked) and the suitcase is pretty much ruined. It looks like it's 5 years old and we just bought it a month again. The outer shell is a flawed material and is the wrong shell type to use on luggage. There are much more durable products out there.I ordered an 8.5, I put them on and they were tight, figured they might loosen a bit after wearing them.  By lunch time my feet were killing me.  I took them off and realized that even though the bottom of the shoes were stamped with an 8.5, the inside of the shoe was stamped as a 7.5 and someone used a pen to draw an 8 over the 7.  Very disappointed, I question if the shoes are real Nine West or knock-offs.Came apart trying to put them on.Bracelet broke while putting it on.Unless you have extremely skinny legs these are not going to fit.  I gave them to my 10 yr old granddaughter.Wasn't for me. The fit was fine (I used the chart they had in the picture) but I needed to wear this under my button down shirts cause I work in a professional environment but the issue is when wearing this under a button down shirt, it makes the shirt cling to the tank top which in turns makes it look very weird because the outside shirt hugs onto your body almost as bad as the slimming vest does. It might work for other applications but for my purposes, it wasn't good.I give this watch zero stars.  I dropped it the day after I received it and it hasn't worked since.  I've dropped watches before and they still work.I bought one of these hats and it was s fake. I confirmed it with Oakley. I then bought the real Oakley hat from Oakley.com and it's totally different in quality and fixing. I'm attaching a photo of the real hat. As you can see the O symbol comes out more and is not made on the cheap ruber of the fake one.Don't buy.I'm not happy with this shirt. It suffers from the same common issues that other cheaply foreign-made shirts do. The collar, after just two washes, gets and stays so deformed that even ironing has a hard time setting straight. Back to LL Bean for me.too tight in the crotch....makes my legs look too long....would like to return pantsSize was supposed to be extra large....fits like a smallmy daughter loved this jacket - but the first time we washed it the side seam split about 3 inches and the material frayed making it almost impossible to sew back togetherThese are really cheap costuming gloves. They suit their purpose, but they're made of cheap halloween material.even a large size did not fit my 13 year old daughter. This fit my 9 year old better.lolNot sure if this is a common problem with internally threaded belly rings, but the ball came unscrewed in less than 2 days and I lost it. During my healing time, I left the same belly ring in for months and it never even loosened (I had to use pliers to get the ball unscrewed actually). Really disappointed because this ring felt easier to put in because of the internal threads.Fit is more for a slim gentleman.  I didn't get to wear it.This is cheaply made.  The suit fit well overall except the 2 straps between your breast are way too large and I'm almost a DDD.  5'7 136 lbs.  I bought a L.These boots are very pretty, but did not fit! I am normally a size 14 in pants, and the calf part of the boot is too small!I brought a medium size, but the product that I received is like a Xl size.I was really excited to get these earrings as a gift for my little sister who recently came out, but when the package arrived one of the earrings was bent and subsequently the earring face fell off the earring. I'm very disappointed, as I had high hopes for these earrings. It seems like they use cheap glue to attach the parts together, I recommend being wary of this product unless you are prepared to take gorilla glue to it when it arrives.Doesn't fit at all as adverising.  No shape to it all.  Does not look like the picture.  I think I might buy fashion shirts from the store in the future.Got holes in them in less than a month from regular walking (wearing tabi boots) so the material is worthless. I modified my regular socks instead of buying more haven't had a problem sinceDon't loveOrdered a mens 11 and got a mens 8.5 lol... not even close.This necklace is a perfect example of you get what you pay for!  I spend $5 and received $5 of quality.  The necklace started breaking before I even got it on!  If I could rate it lower I wouldToo big and wide.The size is fine but I ordered a navy blue for a wedding and got some bluish purplish color that looks washed out. Very disappointed.Too large for a kid ... They are an adult small.. I brought them because I wanted to buy my 6 y/o high waisted shorts and they are being sold for kids and they are not .The 4x is same as 2x???My wedding was February 25th. I was so excited to open the package but was hurt when I did. The veil did not come in the color I ordered and did not match my beautiful wedding dress. I walked down the aisle veilless and was heartbroken. Help please.Product is much smaller than presented. Exchange rate is not real.The quality is good. The buttons were not sewed to last. After I put on the vest the buttons began to fall off one by one throughout the day. The sewing was not done well at all! That was very disappointing for my purchase. I have yet to wear the vest again nor do I plan to.I really liked these when I first got them. After 3 times wearing them they are starting to delaminate. The sole is coming loose from the upper. I checked with Amazon this morning and my time to return them has expired. I will put this brand on the "never buy again" list. Unfortunately I bought 3 other pairs of Lugz. Two I haven't worn yet. I may have to re-evaluate my decision to buy shoes online.The bands around the thighs do not stretch or conform to the body the way the rest of the product does. They would have fit just fine if it were not for the bands at the bottom. If you have small thighs (mine are more muscular than most), the product might be fine for you.
As it is, for me, if I wore these they'd cut off my circulation. Unwearable.

Oh, yeah, and they only sent five pair, not the advertised 6-pair pack.I ordered the XXL and they are snug. Could use a 6th button.  I can't give a professional recommendation for this product.I didn't use the shoes for running- just walking. After about 2 months the heel started breaking down in the right shoe. After I started getting some heel pain I contacted Brooks. Guess how they offered to resolve the problem? By giving me a 10% off coupon to update to a new pair!

Sorry Brooks but I can't afford to buy 4 pairs of expensive tennis shoes every year because your shoes may only last me 2-3 months!Terrible!
The horns was delivered broken and the headband is too thin to support the weight of the horns!
Don't buy this!It has a wierd fit. Hard to put the arms of the kid inside. Also not a good quality as the bear figure fell apart after two weeks of use.It's hurt my nails when put it in. It's so hard to get out.They will not stay on your ear and if you try to make it tighter, it starts to hurt. I also noticed that they are not how they look in the picture. The wing tip does not go that high on the ear.(Unless you have a short small ear) Maybe, that is why they hurt and would not stay on. They are very pretty though and I did get allot of complements on them and the price was right!This shirt fits like a xl-1xl. And took almost a month to get. And its a very cheap quality shirt. Would not recomendtote larger than other 2 colors. different dimensions very deceiving.Loved them at first... They wore down after a month. The sole started feeling and looking like an old spring mattress except for instead of spiral wires it has wires going from one side of the slipper to the other. My feet were throbbing before I realized it.While this was the product ordered. what I received was no even close. I received some sort of folding necklace storage box that is useless for my intended role. this was a waste of my money.this is the 5th pair of fitflops I have purchased in less than 3 months and to be honest I was very disappointed. The shoes are cute, the arch and width is great, but the metallic material is rubbing against my foot and I could barely wear them on my ferry ride home. Very disappointed.i PURCHASED THIS ITEM AND THE SIZE WAS WAY TOO SMALL. CUSTOMERS BUYING THIS ITEM SHOULD BE WARNED SO AS TO AVOID USELESS PURCHASESBroke at end when opening for the first time to try on for fit. IS NOT LEATHER!!! Appears to be a type of paper product. Don't waste your money.You get what you pay for.these pants were not at all what i thought they woul be.smallCame off in checked luggage and suitcase arrived without the cover. :(Too large and gaudy!!!!!!!I ordered this for my daughter in small.  It looked like a toddler could wear it.  It also seemed a little more provocative than the picture indicated so we sent it back.The sole started to detach from the bottom of the shoe within a week and a half of occasional wear. We've reattached it twice now. The rest of the shoe seems fine and they look great, but the sole is a pretty key part of the shoe.They are okay but I didn't realize there was a rip behind the thigh until I put them on and i thought I ripped them but then I went back and saw this was the styleLoved the style and short til my son wore 1x and seam came apart under arm, now has a large hole in it.These boxers look great and are cheap.... But they are made of a strange material that is not very comfortable when worn for more than a few hours.I had high hopes for these shoes.  During the summer there is a lot of time spend at the river and beach.  Protecting my feet is a high priority for me.  These shoes do protect for your feet but possibly at cost to your head.  They are very slippery underwater, so much so unless it's flat or sand you are better off barefoot.  They insole is also very poorly glued on and came loose during the first wear.  Even the inexpensive price can't justify such poor quality.  Stay away from these and find something better.The dress itself would be worth the small price, but an XL is quite small!ripped after 1 weekMy son was so exited to got this watch , but when we open the box, the glas was off, my husband tried  to fix it, but in two days  the glass came  off again.. My son did not notice when the glass came off ,so now the watch  is not working.The fit is not very comfortable, very flat, little support, also becomes soiled quite easily.
These are definitely not for every day use. These shoes feel like a box. Would not recommendI ordered it, I received it and one of the earrings were defective.  I e-mailed them and they quickly responded to send me a replacement and I received it today in the mail and the same issue occurred.  One of the earrings were defective and would not clip on properly.

The 2 that work have different tensions for how hard they clip on.  One feels correct and smooth while the other feels very hard and stiff.  then the last 2 that were defective won't clip on the ear at all because it was simply too loose.  Obviously its much better if they work but there is a consistency issue with the quality from the items I received so far.

I purchased this as a gift so I just took the 2 earrings that worked and rearranged it even though I gave it the person late.Ordered 4xl, not even close. My boy wears a 2xl and then fit him perfect.Very poor quality and size 4-6 would not fit the average child that wears size 5 and 6T.  Gave to toys for Tots.It came with a small tear. I had to repair itShoes were hard as 2 day old s***, no cushioning very stiff.It fits great and is super comfortable, but the colour faded within a couple of months so I think it was a knockoff. So my basically my recently bought shoe started looking like I washed it too many times with bleach and had it for years.I am so frustrated with this product. I have been sent the wrong boot 3 TIMES!!!!!! I have called and each time was told to order it again and the wrong size kept coming. I have ordered a 7 three times and 3 times a 5 1/2 shipped. In the meantime my card keeps getting charged and I am not getting the right boots!!!
I think I will get in touch with the better business bureau.Too narrow. Will be returning.My child wore this one time, for 15 minutes and the seam completely split at the butt. I bought one size bigger than my child is. 4T so it was not small or stretched out at all. Disappointing.Nice look and material. Smaller fit***WARNING*** This is NOT a authentic Alex & Ani Braclet it is a FAKE. I knew when I opened it it was not the right color to be authentic. It also is missing several of the markings of an authentic Alex & Ani. You get what you pay for in this knock off. It is a shame that after numerous reports Amazon continues to allow these fakes to be sold on their site. This was a sad waste of my money and Amazon should be ashamed for allowing these type of sales to continue.This is a fake polo shirt it has two men & the horse is missing the head.I ordered a small and it is huge. The small = a large. ANd they will not allow me to return.A bit difficult to close / lock.Inexpensive bag that looks inexpensive.  Poor quality materials and the gold accents further cheapen the bag.  The picture looks much better than the bag.Uncomfortable shoesI returned a different item (same thing) and had to fight to get my refund. The return address was a garage somewhere.I personally don't like how the teeth are aligned on this.  Doesn't grip the belt as well as some of the other designsToo fragile and delicate! Wouldn't trust it to hold anything of valueSizing ran at least two sizes small. Waist area does not have nearly as many laces or material as pictured.  kegs were way too tight to pull up over clavesI wanted to love this dress, but it's just too big.  I'm 5'11 approximately 180lbs, I ordered a large and it's huge on me.  Returning it! So sad!Ordered this bracelet for myself, thought that its was very pretty online. When I opened the box, I instantly got a big waft of glue. It was apparent that they used glue to hold everything together and even managed to get glue on the metal. Very disappointed seeing as, I LOVE the concept of this design but HATE the quality! Would not pay $20 let alone $40!!It was bought as a gift for someone else, even wrote a birthday note during the purchase... no program written to identify that?This is not a Non Iron shirt. Save your money and do not buy this if you are looking for a Non Iron shirt.The true size of this alleged 2X is a medium.used for 4 trips and the zippers are breaking! I like product but now the pockets are now unusable... buyer beware!Way too small! Ordered a medium for a someone who wears a (5/6)...tried to give it to a friend who wears a (1/2) and it was still too small.What did I expect for 8 bucks.....? I guess I should have expected what arrived, which is nothing more than something not worth my time to return. More easily thrown in the trash or dropped at the salvation army.Kept slipping off so assume they were not a good fit.Was very disappointed when my son went to put on the boot and the string broke. And could not return because it was snowing and he wanted to go outside and play. Wish the quality was a little better.They did not wash well.  I would not recommend this product.Couldn't use it. Didn't fit my big melon head. Probably better for a kid or if you have a smaller than average head.Smells chemically, skin tight, nasty materials.  um no thanks, returned.Was too large and poorly made.fit fine but the material flares out at the sleeves and bottom after one wash. Doesn't look good as the picture.the zipper didn't zip it ripped instant
so now my whole back is showing
need to make a L or an XL for the girls that have a big chest
zipper can't zip up if you have big boobs the whole dress ripped thanksI probably own six Penguin polo shirts (and as many of their shorts). The Heritage fit is flattering and I wear these more than any other polos I have.

I recently bought the shirt featured here, the charcoal Earl, along with another that is purple. The charcoal shirt is awful. It's made out of cotton fabric that has the texture of a blanket and is uncomfortable to wear in the heat. The other one is a more conventional cotton.

But neither of these shirts hold their shape. Thirty minutes after I put them on, they stretch out to a baggy fit. I have no idea why all the other Penguin shirts hold up so well but these don't. But take my advice: these are not worth the high cost.

It seems increasingly to be true that there is very little consistency in clothing sizes and fits. I'm going to stop buying online. It is a hassle to return stuff and it seems that I need to return half of what I buy online.Too smallPoor material felt cheapI bought a medium size in this product and it was way too bigThe boot was super comfortable. But the fabric they use where it flexes was bad.  Wore these out in a month because of the fabricThe sizing is way off, had to return. & The legs are crazy big!! Just go with Spanx.Had no color but silver. Sent the item back.Received glasses promptly. Minimal packaging. Box was taped shut with Scotch tape. Lenses had scratches. No cleaning cloth in case. I'm assuming these were returned once. Save your time and buy these in store, they are usually the same price.23$ waste of money for cheap productBought these for poolside and they are very comfortable but be extremely careful around water these shoes are so slippery. I couldn't even walk in them with wet feet. It was also hard to walk in them when it rained outside.Cheap inside stuff.  The "1" of "11" fell off after a year.This item has a wrong sizing or it is too small for the size.They shrink a lot. Go get something frim a store and don't bother wasting your time with this cheap product!The watch arrived yesterday and it is really good looking.  The design is every bit as nice as the picture.  However it loses about 20 minutes out of every hour or 8 hours in a day.
A watch only has to one thing and this one couldn't hence the hence the 1 star.
None of the other reviews note this problem so maybe I got a lemon.While I initially thought this wallet was cute and very handy, I owned it for a month and a half before it fell to the ground ONCE and broke, spilling my cards everywhere in a parking lot. I love the dividers inside that made it easy to organize a variety of cards, but a wallet should be able to withstand one slip from my coat pocket without the metal casing separating from the plastic and the clasp opening to spill out all of the contents. I tried to exchange the item, but that option seems to be only allowed for one month from purchase. I'm a little flummoxed that this item has over 2,000 positive reviews. One drop to concrete destroyed this thing.This dress looks really cute in the picture, however it is pretty cheap looking in person.  I'm 5'6" 130lbs, I ordered the large and it fits fine, but it is very unflattering & is very short.  Comes up to my mid shin.  I did contact the seller to return it, but I would have to pay the shipping cost, which is more than I paid for the dress.Returned this item.  The t-shirt material was much too heavy and thick for a swimsuit cover up.The only good thing to say about the sizing is the tall is correct.  They are tapered shirts and should advertise as so.The design and the size of the jewelry organizer was perfect, however the quality was severely lacking! We had the organizer for less than a week, and one of the metal balls on the bottom FELL OFF completely on its own. Obviously the organizer needs all four balls in order to sit flush and balance properly. This would have been an excellent jewelry organizer due to its appealing aesthetics and size, however it's useless now that it isn't able to balance and sit on its own.Sizing isn't close to standard.I wear an 8.5, I needed a 9.5 for these shoes.Did not receive that belt. Got some other style which i don't like....Should i be concerned in the future on not receiving what i order ?Made from weird material like a tent or canvas, also doesnt fit.These are very large and will hang from your ears. The posts are very cheap and flimsy. I returned mine because the post was already bent when I received it. They are also not clear. They have more of a pink tint. Very disappointed.Sent tall rather than big. Tall fits much differently than big.Nice fit, but very thin and flimsy-feeling.  One of the hinges broke after just a few days.got what i paid for, cheapChild refused to wear it. Didn't like it at allFake fake fake fakeMid calf that goes up to my knee and better.  Foot fit is way too large also.  DissapointedCHEAPLY made, can't read the print.was nice when I received it, shortly thereafter the top loop broke off!I was disappointed in this bra.  Within 6 months it had snags and pilling on the cups, despite the fact I am very careful with how I wash undergarments.  I would not purchase this brand again.Waist too small even after I measured myself....I willjust have to set buttons farther. Hem too shortToo small!9It was a light peach color and was way bigger than described. Also, it was poor quality. Needless to say that i was very disappointed!I bought this ring for my girlfriend and two of the diamonds have already fallen out. I would give it no stars but that is not an option. Don't wast your money on this.Received with the stitching backwards and inside outVery small center stone. Would not recommended.Perhaps my sizing was off... Purchased as gift for GF and she's Medium. Returned after she wore one and seam in crotch ripped :(This is the cheapest looking charm! I am sending it back!After 1 week the watch stopped working and the second hand literally fell out of its place.  My son was crushed, this was his first watch.  I didn't bother to return it because returning would cost more than buying a new watch.Extremely poor quality.  Thin, badly sewn, velcro is only on the ends and not all the way around.These fit as they are suppose to for a medium,  my 1 star is because they have a tag on the back and part of that tag even flaps around.  Who still puts tags on things these days?  I have multiple other products from CK and NONE of them have tags on them at all other then printed on the fabric and I expected these would be the same way!  My others are all boxer briefs but I wanted something that sat a little lower on the hips and these do,  but not as much as one would expect for being called "low rise"  they are more of a "lower then others rise" but only by a little bit.  The waistband is much smaller then other versions also,  it's only about an inch where my others all have almost 2 inches.  I wear a 36" waist in jeans and these mediums fit good and it holds things well in place, but the tag it the deal breaker for me and I will not purchase these again.  yes,  I can use a razor and get the threads cut enough to get the tag off, but I should not have to do this!  And,  all the others the waistband tends to roll down so it looks like i'm going to have to give up on CK,  they just don't make what i'm looking for.Very cheaply made. Probably wouldn't have lasted beyond two or three wears.Way smallMy son picked these out because of how they looked, he barely wears them because the footbed gets slippery with sweat. Ew.I bought these overshoes one size bigger than my foot size. It takes an act of congress to get these boots over my shoes. It takes a good 10 minutes to get these overshoes on. Once you get them on they are comfortable. If you don't mind the hassle of putting them on, then these are the boots for you.Was not the item I requested,  I received a red one, when I clearly opted for a white bone bracelet.  As shown aboveI did some shopping around and couldn't find a wig with the right colors.  I read the reviews and they're accurate on looking nothing like the picture and needing lots if work.  I gave it two stars instead of one because I found no other wigs in Ursula's colors.  The wig is long in the back, parts are curly and parts are straight and other parts are matted.  I'm not too good with styling wigs, so it took me some time and lots of hairspray to make it wearable in public.  Good luck if you go with this wig!I couldn't get my foot in them...1) Product was not packaged - rubber banded to a piece of cardboard
2) The SMELL ! Yes,smell ! This bra smells like it was manufactured at a toxic waste dump - attempted to wash - NO CHANGE
3) Never againDress is not green..more blue.. Had to return..Very thin cotton sweat shirtTHE FRONT STRAP (IE BEHIND THE TOES) IS NOT ADJUSTIBLE...IT DOES HAVE ELASTIC BAND THAT  MADE IT A VERY "TOO TIGHT" FIT IN THAT AREA...THE STRAP CONCEPT IS WHY I ORDERED THIS SANDLE AND THE STRAPS FIT PERFECTLY....THIS SANDLE WAS AT LEAST ONE INCH OVERSIZE AND I HAVE RETURNEDI  Unfortunely the sandals run small. So the 11 is better for a 10 and a half foot. And I have to return themThey are strangely short, the crotch is weirdly low. They're thin, mine developed holes within a few wears.I sometimes get disappointed with things I buy on-line, and this was one of those times. I thought it would be softly lined, and not as big as it is.
I have not been professionally fitted, which I should try to find a place that will do that.This is a plastic image no matter what the description says and the design you see if the photo is created by cracks in the plastic.  It does not look nice at all and I plan to return it.  I put fit as expected because I did not consider it worth trying on.Ordered these a size bigger because of the price. . They are huge! I could have ordered a 7 instead of nine. The leg openings are out of proportion-way too large for the item and crotch too narrow. I did get a refund with no problem.Almost TEN (10) diamonds stones missing. Awful quality, don't buy.I ordered an XL (even though I'm a L) and it fits like a size small. The shirt is also completely see through, so you HAVE to wear a tank underneath. The lace sleeves and color are pretty, but I need to lose about 2 more sizes before I can wear it. Unless you are a very small person, don't waste your money!Their sizes are a lie.They fill great but do not last holes in the crouch after 2 monthsHeavy & dumpy! They run large with weird bulky pockets in the pants. I would suggest you keep looking for a new pair of summer Jammie's.Dresses looked nice elegant on picture but cheap looking in person , color appears ivory but in person pure whiteIn the toe. The thong is to short and when I work it pushes my foot out. I need to  exchange this pair.Fits small and not heavy cottenMy wife purchased these shoes in black because she had purchased the same pair in copper from a department store and loved them.  They are a dream to wear because they are the trendy ballerina slipper look but with just the right arch support.  She is rating these shoes as only 1 star because after only about 6 wears part of the sole came detached.  Hopefully they were just a bad pair, but it is outside of the 30 day return period so there is little that we can do.  We would like Lifestride to stand behind their product and offer a replacement.I thought the jacket would be lined (as in warmer than a regular hoodie) but it was not.These gloves are WAY too thin. Even on lightning deal for half price they are just too thin to provide any warmth.Not to my standards, defective and returned itemToo small!!!!EL ENVIO FUE DEMASIADO COSTOSOThis was obviously made for a short obese person. I got a XXL and the proportions were really odd. It fit all around well, kinda bagging in the torso and arms. the odd part is that it was super short, like above my.belly button. and the arms weren't long enough, about 3 inches shorter than my wrists. I thought about returning it but a shorter friend needed a sweatshirt for an evening and it fit her better so i just gave it to her.can barely see the eyes and nose.  Much too expensive for the low quality.These shorts are very low in the waist, like several inches below the belly button. I like a modern fit but these were too low and too tight.
The material is thin but that could be o.k.
Overall I don't see these fitting well even if I go up a size as then the waist may fit but the legs will be too big. Weird fit for me.I bought these heels to go with a dress I bought, and yes I read the reviews about how they ran a size small and that they were unconfortable. I didn't really think they could be all that bad...well listen to the reviews...they are true! I ordered a size larger then normal but they were still too small, they run about a size and a half small and they are 100% uncomfortable. But I have to say I think they are too cute but that doesn't matter, because they are just too painful.This was the second time that I ordered this Cabales 3 pack seamless, XXL, sports bra.
The sizing on this group was way off! I tried cutting  the band below the bra cups...
but, that did not solve the problem. I felt that I would not be able to return them ...so they
have been pushed to the back of my underwear drawer.
I need to add that I am a petite 5ft. 3" tall and weigh 130 lbs. I should have been able to wear
this bra.The front part of this shoe fit great, but the elastic on the back would not stay up for anything.  I literally walked right out of the shoe even though the front fit perfectly.I am very disappointed.  This looks terrible, it is a singe chain and a small pendant that looks like plastic.  Nothing like the picture, If you are interested in steampunk get something else.  I am going to try to get my money back.While its a very nice looking shoe, a button fell off while I was trying them on. I emailed the company and was told to send a picture and they would send a refund, they didn't want me to send the shoe back, I sent the photo, they then refused to answer my emails for a week or two, during that time I wore the shoe, minus a button (another came off within a day, and then another). The seller finally responded to my 5th or so email, and told me they would not be giving me a refund because I was wearing the shoe when the button fell off....Again, while I was trying them on for the first time. So cute shoe, comfy, but extremely cheaply made and seller was sketchy as hell.Lets see, where do I start?
Item arrived very fast. Should have known that this item is not worth buying from the price alone. It costs about half of what most of the job shifts costs.  I ordered a medium and I did get a product that was labeled medium, except for the fact that it fits on me like an XL or something. Sleeves are about 6-8 inches longer than it needs to be on me, so is the over all length of the shirt. It is way too wide on me too. The product is made out of super cheep material. From just putting it on to try it on, I went through about 3 sheets of lint roller to get all the debris off of my shirt that was left from this shirt.Not is like in the picture. Is very tight.I love the look of this, but mine came with a gem missing, ruins the whole thing! Not happy about it!The wig was too small and fit so snugly that it was uncomfortable to wear; had to buy another brand from a different seller to get what I wanted.People are not kidding in these reviews. I sized up to a 36 band, while I'm a 34 usually. I should have gotten a 38 or maybe a 40!Too smallI have the same pare and same size that I ordered 3 years ago and it just fitted comfortably, but not this time. I will have to wear it a few times at home to stretch it a bit before I go out. I was very disappointedI have worn this style for over a decade.  The most recent batch is clearly different and of a much lesser quality.  the material is thin and not as soft.  The label is different too.  I will look for a different brand.Way to small. Will be returningDissapointed. The bag is not the one on the photo and description. Condition was listed as "pristine condition". That's not true. The bag had to be cleaned. Scratches were found on the cover.
All Timbuk2 bags are excellent, but in my case I was disappointed by my seller (dancarroll).
Anyway, I love Timbuk2 bags!The sizing on these goes is way off. I got an 8.5 in men and I swear the shoes are a size 10. They look like clown feet and I cant wear them they are way too bigSizing was completely incorrect. Ordered a L and it was labeled a L but product was a S. Had to give it away.Shoes run very smallSmelled liked chemicals upon opening, stiff as could be, rougher than a grinding wheel. Returning these.The boots are orange/red in the picture on Amazon website; Clark shoe box reads: color "rust, rouille". Rust is orange. Yet when i opened the box, i saw the boots are burgundy. Very disappointed.  This is false and misleading sale by Clark shoe manufacturer.

AzarNot really a tote bag, not enough room in it for even a sandwich and juice. Bought it as a gift for a friend but had to fill it with make up items and pretend that I meant it as a make up case.I think they are selling used frames. They came very loose and the arms were always pointed out away from each other and when compared to new persol frames in the store, they were much much looser. the sales rep said the arms get that way with alot of use sometimes. I contacted the company and they referred me to Persol themselves who of course was no help.Not the length that I always have purchased at Sam Wholesale Club.  These are too short in the legs.Nice looking and fitting.

The material at the neck is junk and stretches after the first couple of uses.It looks great but it fell out the first night I wore it. I tightened it as much as I could yet it still fell out never to be seen again. Waste of money.Had a hole in it when I received it but I should've expected that with how cheap it was.So I bought this necklace December 26 and I didn't get it until April 6. Almost 4 months until I got this. I sent an email asking where it is. It was miss placed. So they had to send another. It took them over a month and a half to send it again. Really? And also the tooth was broken when I got it. And the took is hanging out really badly and hot glued into there. Very poorly made. I know it was cheap but I earned that money myself and it's crap.Ever had cheap, poorly made clothing slowly unravel on you? If not, you're about to, if you purchase a pair of these. After the first wash, I found a string floating in my dryer. After the second wash, the picture below is what I discovered. For the price, I expected a bit more quality. I will probably not by another pair. You shouldn't either.The stitching fell off after about 2 months.

The Pic was very decieving. Its very FAT in person
A little too much fur inside the shoe.

It's a little too tight on my toes due to the fur.Before this purchased I loved bear paw boots. Each year I've bought 2 sets for my daughters. However that will be changing. I received my purchase early November well it's mid December and the sole is separating from the boot on both. So I try to return it but can't because they only allow 30 days. Just enough time to CYA. VERY UPSET and WASTE OF MONEY. CHEAPLY MADE.I just returned my order of Dan Post Milwaukee, black cherry 9 D boot because it was too tight. I already have 2 pairs of Dan Post boots of the same size they all fit me very well but to my dismay my recent order is too tight. I'm so disappointed because I have to pay for the mailing cost to return my order.
I'm still considering of ordering the same boots but wider size but I have some reservation because if it's still not comfortable then I have to go to the trouble of returning the package at my expense.
Edgar Y GamaoExtremely loose fitting socks, nice and warm but don't stay up like stated in the product descriptions.
Would not buy this againNice looking shoes but cause pain near the ankles. If you like this style you should spend a little more for something higher quality.I decided to try these because they sound like a great idea in theory.  In reality, they are not one size fits all, and there really needs to be a plus size option.  The one that I tried barely filled in the space that it was meant to cover.  I'd be afraid to wear it in public because it would probably gap open on the sides.Medium fit like XS.  Returned.Straps dig into your feetI had to guess if this (small size) would be a good fit for my child size 4 wearing son.  It is too big, but my boy will get to wear it in a few years.  This was marked on the tag as being for an 8 year old, but this seller couldn't figure out how to put that in the description info for the product.Do not buy this brand, they all frayed along the edges after one wash. Stick to the ones labeled Kaiser CollectionReturned Wrong orderThey fall down into the back of my shoe.  Not so great.The frames need to list the measurements.Design is nice, but this is a very narrow shoe.  After wearing for one hour playing indoor tennis, both feet were hurting and both outer toes had blisters where the footbed gripped the front of my foot too tightly.  I can't return now that I wore once, but will not be able to wear given the narrowness of the shoe.

Length was otherwise okay.The shoes are torn after just three months of use. See attached pics. Very disappointed. They will be unusable soon. Plus, doesn't look nice to wear shoes with holes in them :-/As a 25 year customer and fan of everything  Tempurpedic, I was sorely disappointed to receive my eagerly awaited slippers only to find that one of the slippers did not have the leather shoelace required to close the slipper (see photo). Now I have the inconvenience of having to return them, etc. Having said that, it is my opinion that Tempur mattresses, pillows, etc., are the best that can be had. I will never deal with the Seller-What's Hot-again and they need to make this right.The stones have started to fall out in less than a month.I bought a Tumi Tegra Lite Carry-On suitcase in March 2018.  This was our second Tumi Tegra-Lite suitcase and we were very happy with the first bag.  Unfortunately, Tumi has changed the exterior finish on the Tegra-Lite and the new finish is HORRIBLE.  After one trip the exterior of the bag is scratched and scuffed up; it looks awful.  The bag we bought a couple years ago still looks great.  Otherwise, I like the new bag a lot.  I called Tumi customer service and they had no sympathy, saying that while they could evaluate the bag it sounded like a cosmetic issue, which the Tumi warranty does not cover.  I will bring the bag in for evaluation, but extremely disappointed in Tumi.  I spent over $500 for a nice bag, and I don't expect it to look trashed after 1 trip.I like the function of this but all the stars/image rubbed off within 2 weeks of normal use. Not sure how to tell if it's legitimately RFID blocking or not.Very cheaply made no lining in the clothing at all.  Terrible do not buy this one.  Not as pictured. SCammy.The product fits a size smaller than most skate shoesHad to return and buy a size down (I bought the size the size chart recommended) - runs large based on the size chart. Overall, provides smoothing but doesn't hold you in at all. I was hoping this would help make my stomach less apparent, so I returned it - did nothing to slim my figure, just smooths.my Granddaughter cannot wear this it makes her skin itch and it is uncomfortable. so she cant wear this outfitI ordered an 8 they sent me a 6 size runs small and the tag was in Japanese so I couldn't read it. Waiting for a call back so that I can return this.Fake sunglasses.boots they sent me are not original, be very careful, they are Chinese copies, I am not satisfied with my purchase, I have cheated, do not buy these shoes, will be scammed!The reviews I read were mixed, so I went ahead and bought these.  They are okay, but they come up too high on the backs of my ankles and hurt.  I wouldn't bother trying a different pair and won't recommend them.Material feels pretty cheap (similar to a cheap Halloween costume)  I ordered the size I normally wear and the bottoms were too tight to wear confidently in public.I wasn't expecting much when I ordered so I wasn't disappointed I thought. The Luigi logo is a cheap iron on transfer. Its so thin that the hat color and thread is seen through it. The product photo is obviously a cut and paste done on windows 98 paint shop. Shipping was as expected , long and no updates even with tracking number.Great looking watch with a solid built heaviness to it but if you're looking for accuracy in terms of the barometer and altitude functions definitely go for the Suunto Xlander. I've owned the Suunto for 6 years now and it's quality, accuracy and craftsmanship is second to noneI should return these. I ordered a full size lower,  yet the bras are still too large. The way the "support" folds under my breasts is incredibly uncomfortable, it causes it to be uncomfortably warm, and offers little to no support. Would not recommend, would not buy again.I like thongs, so I bought white color. A little bit small. Also back looks weird, because of the big back strip. The material is very thin, so when it's wet everybody can see everything.it's too large.Colors are nice, very thin and run small but for the price you get what you get..1 out of 3 could actually pull up over calves.Fit weird all over, very flimsy.Just got my watchbox but it came locked with the key inside? Smh...I thought Nunn Bush would use better materials but in today's business environment I guess I'm not surprised, Only disappointed.Too tight and the seam was crooked.The bag fits enough stuff, and I like the shoe pouch. But the first time I used it, before I even left my building, the shoulder strap snapped. The bag and my stuff tumbled down a flight of stairs. Fortunately I had nothing fragile inside.

It works fine with just the short handles but is not the quality I hoped for. And I am leery of other weak points in the craftmanship.The very first time I used it, it broke and my purse ended up on the floor.  I was very disappointed since I had seen other friends with them and I was looking forward to having one of my own.Tiny tiny tiny !!!Extremely narrow! I ordered the wide width and they aren't wide at all. Adorable shoes, but too hard to get on my childs foot.I do like the cedar that the shoe stretcher is made of, but the item itself is pretty useless. I wanted to stretch a pair of new walking shoes so I didn't have to do it with my feet. I ordered a medium, which the seller says is 8.5 - 10.5. I am an 8 and a half, so I thought that would be perfect to make the shoes nice and roomy. When they arrived, they were narrower than my shoe, even when I stretched the width to the max. This makes them absolutely useless. Another annoying thing is that I ordered a woman's size, and I guess Woodlore automatically translates that into a high-heeled shoe. So the shoe stretcher I got was all pointy, which made it even more narrow. Here's a news flash for ya -- not all women wear pointy shoes. Most women don't have pointy feet. If you are only selling dress shoe stretchers to women, at least label it as a dress shoe stretcher. This is definitely one of those items you have to go out to a physical store to buy. If you do buy online (and you don't have pointy feet), either buy a man's size or get a size bigger.I give one star because I can not give a negative number! I bought this pair of shoes when I found the special discount at Erica SINCLAIR. However, I was totally wrong! These are not the Asics shoes at all! Please check the photos about these Chinese fake shoes and a pair of real Asics. Although the fake shoes from Erica SINCLAIR looks similar as the real ones, but these feel  different.
The fake ones are much harder than real Asics and cannot provide any protection to runner. These because very hot after wear for a while and you can always smell the low quality gel used on these shoes. There are also difference from the real and fake shoes container. I showed a real Asics that I owned in the end(red). I used to trust Amazon. However, it turns out that Amazon is just an American Alibaba. Strongly not recommend!no big dealbought this for my husband for christmas; he has had this shirt before and loves them.  this shirt developed a pinsize hole in the front upper chest which as rendered this shirt unwearable.  he did not catch it on anything and now the return window is closed so i cannot return it/exchange it.  this is shoddy manufacturing.  very disappointing.I have bought 2 pairs of Keen Targhees and have put well over 400 miles on each pair.  I ordered this 3rd pair in preparation for a 300 mile trek and found these cracks after my initial 10 mi breaking in hike.  These signs of breaking down should not be occurring already.  I believe the shoe is defective and therefore I am returning them.there was absolutely no bday chain in my package. it was completely emptyit is all bad,but i have take it to chinaI honestly think some people should avoid making clothes if they r not going to cater for people from other races that have a little more bust area. My money don't come easy and this was throwing my money away. If u ladies r endowed then please don't buy this thingNot a running shoe.  They hurt my feet to work out in.  Fine as a shoe for running errands.Slightly goofy looking. I would not repurchase from this seller.These shoes are some kind of thick plastic leather material that doesn't flex or bend at all... horrible product for New BalanceItem shrinks after first wash and dry Zipper broke on the second wear. :(The fabric of this shirt is bad quality, it's like the inside part of a normal dress... the picture doesn't reflect what it really isI typically wear a size 12, I ordered the largest size and it was way too small! I love the color and the fabric but there was no way it would work for me. I had to return it.Shoes are decently comfortable, but the foam that rests against your Achilles has bunched up and is becoming less and less comfortable.I liked it at first.  Great match for my LG G R Watch.  However, after about a month the clasp started opening with just the slightest bump.  Not sure if it is just mine, but it is not usable now.It is tricky to buy this online as is difficult to determine what a men or women size is.2  buttons fell off after the first wash.....Awful yellow color.  Looks cheap and ugly against my skin.  Had to return this and exchanged for the "silver" necklace which is actually rhodium, not silver.The sizing isn't accurate at all..there was no chain, just a wire. but I already had a chain.did not well and fell apart at the seamslooks cool but Cheap. fell apart when I opened it. will not be order from them again.Cheap, flimsy, not leather as advertised. I returned it and was never refunded. Denied return happened and I have receipt for sending it back.LOST THE COLOR FAST I AM NOT SATISFIEDThis onesie was very bad quality. The seams were horribly done and there was loose thread everywhere. The material is very thin and not very soft. I would not recommend buying this and I think that it is not worth the money.Not recommend. Really bad with the touchscreen.this runs extermely small. I have no idea how they do their measurments. I guess it will fit if i lose weight.Poor quality. Ripped first time wornProduct was cheap, and ran too small...I returned it..didn't know it was free returns..so I took a loss every which way there was!!! Very disappointedI love this purse!  However it is less than 2 months old and already has the letter flacking off!Was looking for a comfortable, casual shoe to wear with jeans.  They look cute, but do not seem very durable.  Was hoping for better quality material.These shoes are supposed to be women's size 9. The box they came in is labelled size 9 US (women)  and European size 41.5, which is actually size 10.  They are much too big for my daughter, who does own another pair of size 9 sports shoes from the same manufacturere which fit OK.inner soles too hard for meI read other reviews carefully before ordering, so I knew that these tend to size small. I am 5'10" and slender (I weigh about 145 lbs, and wear a 34A) so I ordered two of these in size Large (one gray, and one black). Upon opening, I immediately realized the fabric is NOT jersey knit, as expected - it is very thin synthetic material (likely polyester). It does not have the softness of cotton - the material definitely has a synthetic feel. I tried one on, and the fit was actually nice and flattering, so I decided to wash one to see how they wear. After washing in hot water and drying on normal heat, there was absolutely no detectable shrinkage (which is a huge bonus - though also confirmation that this is not cotton/jersey material) and the smell also went away - but after two washings, the shirt is already starting to come apart at the seams.

If this was being sold for half of the current price ($20-something) I feel like this would be a good deal - but at the current price, it's too much to pay for something that I'll have to immediately mend. I've returned the 2nd shirt to the seller, for a refund.If you are buying these because you think they will be any bigger than regular wayfarers, think again.  They are super narrow, with a chunky frame, not "oversized" as advertised.This was bought as a gift that was given later.  When it was purchased this seller had a 14 day return policy and I did use their size chart to select medium. The top had a ribbon for the lacing in the back, the materials were ok for the price, but the fit was no good. It was too large at the very bottom/hip area, while it fit the chest area.  Guessing that the small would have been ok, but due to when the top was given was a little over the return period. I did attempt to contact the seller and ask, but they refused. This made no sense to me as I wanted to exchange, not return.Run smallWere smallCup shape didn't fit or flatter me.This swim suit is not for the bigger women the straps are to skimpy and barely hold any cleave I decide to lose weight ant keep it but don't buy if you are larger that xl I wear xl lolNot what I expected. Doesn't go down all the way. It's not easy at all when it comes down to feeding the wire is in the way plus it doesn't go all the way around. Yeah I wouldn't order is one again.I'm very surprised that I didn't ready anything about how enormous this thing. Good God I ordered the Sm/Med and I would need a watermelon sized head for this to fit correctly. I like the quality so I'll keep it but I'll have to find something not so large to wear as my go-to head gear.UGG has obviously changed the composition of the sole of this boot.  I have a black pair that I purchased in 2016, and cannot wear them in the snow.  Now, I have this brown pair that I cannot wear in the snow.  They are both great on dry ground, but slip horribly in the snow.  REALLY???  I am wearing an old pair of brown ones that are just fine.  I compared the sole of the old ones to these new ones.  My old ones are much more like rubber and the two newer pairs are hard plastic.  Not acceptable.  Plus, they will not allow me to return them.  If you want these snow boots for snow, look elsewhere.  So sad.  Prior to this, I loved UGGS.Not at all what I expected too big keep falling downToo smallPretty cheap, good for the price I guess. Returned and bought something elseVery unstable. If you plan on placing in a carpeted bedroom, you will need to reinforce it to prevent tipping forward on someone.I recently got a pair of this trouser, but they came with a stain on the back pocket and broke on the first use.
I did not have such a unpleaseant experiencie with Levis or Amazon before.  Keep looking.A big mistake on my part
Not sure if it glows, was not something I wanted to wear outsideToggle broke on first use--could not wear them. Not sure if I just had a defective product, or if this is an issue with this boot design. Super disappointed, since they felt really comfortable.It's a very attractive watch but I too found that its very loud (band squeaking) difficult to read at a quick glance and also gains several minutes per day.  Ultimately I decided to return the watch.Way bigger than sizeTight fit through chest and sleeves that were 3 inches too long.  ReturnedIt is too large for my taste.The most beautiful shoes - I ordered in blue - but I had to exchange the first pair because they were scuffed - seemed damaged from being squished in the box, and the next pair one shoe was ok but the other was scuffed in the same spot.  Had to return and give up.Ordered an XL--must be girls sizes, not women's, which is a little disturbing.Ugly afThese shoes are a very nice quality but a little too snug. I'm hoping they stretch outwards...narrow fit now for a medium shoe.This is definitely NOT the same item displayed in the image.  The top sheer section was not as big as the one on the model.  The material on the body was a light stretchy, fitted fabric...like spandex...I was expecting a heavier material that hung (not clung).  I was going for an elegant look for a birthday party and this is more of a club style.  It didn't work for what I needed it for, but I am sure for the price, it would be fine for a night out.Apex is very poor company!  It cannot correct to find my address
Also blame me the address to write is not accurate enough, but my real estate certificate is written so
DHL can correctly find my addressI actually like the look & feel, and the dimensions are a nice size BUT there is absolutely no depth to the bag. It's basically flat, and even the outside pockets don't give much. So this makes it too small for me. I didn't need it to hold that much: small tablet, mini-wallet (cc size), phone, lip gloss, eye drops, glasses, small lotion & keys. It all barely fit and seemed so over-packed that I was afraid to add a tin of altoids smalls! Too bad, because this would have been great otherwise but had to send it back.I really wanted to like this. I liked the price and it looked good in the picture and the color is pretty, but it just doesn't lay as pictured. I'm 5'9" and 135 lbs, and it really wasn't flattering at all. I suppose if I just stood around the pool with one hip cocked up like the model it might look okay, but I have kids. The thing needs to lay right all the time. This looks like a sack. A pretty turquoise sack, but a sack nonetheless. I'm returning.cheap and ill fitting.I really liked the design but my watch was sent broken. It does not keep an accurate time. Battery works but the time changes at the wrong rate.The sleeves are much too small, even for a child. They are not made in proportion to the sweater at all. I was very disappointed.Got XL it looks like this shirt is for a women .Well if your a tiny girl it may fit. WAS NOT HAPPY  this is a little girls shirt .Tried to return them, the shipping cost to the UK was $170.00. They went to Goodwill!  If you have thin feet these will not work for you, They are made for a full foot.Disappointed. It fit but the first month of wearing it the "leather" was peeling. The belt looks ugly. It was a birthday present. Very dissatisfied with the belt.Product was faded out and while I didn't waste time to return it!  I wouldn't recommend itI ordered this item and returned it unopened so do not know what it was like but I know that I have not recieved a refund even after over a month, make sure you want the item to keep cause they are not good on refundsThe quality of the scarf was fine, but the color was not as described. I was expecting it to be a purplish-pink (magenta) and black, but what I received was a true red and black scarf.I received a low quality black hoodie, with very poor iron on of fake Independent logo. The tag only says 'M'. Nothing about this hoodie is from Independent Trucks.1. These are shipped straight from China, and are actually the brand Gaok & Congs.
2. They are NOT 100% cotton; they're 90% cotton and 10% Polyester.
3. The quality is otherwise OK, but the advertising is deceptive, and there appear to be DOZENS of different listings from different vendors for these same shorts, including a different name from a different vendor that turned out to be the exact same make of Gaok & Congs shorts.

If you don't want 10% Polyester shorts, I would advise not to buy ANY shorts that look like this that ship from China.It would be a nice dress if I were taller.Doesn't come as shown at allThese glasses are small.. I've tried to return them to Amazon and can't get help.For me they were too small in size, but its not to say someone else may not like the size.Very dissatisfied with the product quality.  The seams on the left rear pocket, where I carry my wallet, pulled loose during my first wearing.  I was able to feel the wallet fall out.  I placed the wallet in the other pocket while coaching soccer.  Unknown to me, the other rear pocket also frayed, the wallet fell out again, and I did not notice it this time.  I was able, after some searching, to locate the wallet...of course, there was no money in it.

I would like to return these for either a replacement or a full refundI have had these shoes about three weeks. I walk outside about three miles every other day. The tread is already off of these shoes. They are advertised as "walking shoes" but don't walk outside in them. They are good for shopping in malls or being indoors. I will not buy these again. I am extremely disappointed in Reebok.I have always been a size 8 but this is so big that my foot is sliding out frontHorrible, the dress looks nothing like the picture. It's white & the sequin looks so cheat. Never purchasing again.im a long distance runner and these gave me very little support and bad shin splints. The bottoms soles wore out way too quickly as well. Big bummer because I usually love New BalanceDress is adorable but runs very small need to order at least two or three sizes larger than my granddaughter wears , disappointed I hope I can return and get a larger one before Christmas .In May I ordered the same skirt in ivory and it fit and was what i expected. Then in July I ordered the  same skirt in black.... exact same product #, company,  tag, and size and this skirt was 3 inches longer and 2 inches narrower.  I wear an 8 pant and the Large was obscenely tight. I had bought it for an out of town wedding and thank goodness I tried on in time to find another.I bought them in March but didn't have an occasion to wear them until this past weekend. They broke as I was putting them on for the FIRST time. There aren't holes for the laces; they have some type of material that the laces go through. Two of them broke when I tried to tie them.I work in a woodworking shop and am on my feet all day. I've been buying cheap shoes and wearing them out pretty quickly. I decided to spend the extra money for a "good" pair of work shoes. These looked sturdy and the Sketchers name gave me confidence in them. Within the first month, the inside of the shoes starting coming apart. Just a couple months down the road, my shoes are totally shot. Both have holes in them that my toes stick out of! I'm very disappointed. Back to the cheap shoes I guess. No sense in spending extra money for the same results.The ROXY sandy flip flop was one FULL size too small.  My heel is slightly hanging off the back.  They are cute, and I would wear them if they fit.  I ordered them again in a size larger.Not sized correctly and took a long time to getVery thin, loose weave.  Not like the traditional, hard-working bandanna's you're used to.  Flimsy quality.Not the official square and compass....To small in the legsIt came out of the package with the elastic at the waist coming loose. Overall it's a very low quality poorly made item. Sending it back.Wish I had read the reviews before purchase. I usually do and didn't work this purchase which ended up with me wasting money.

I agree worth the other reviewer that this is nothing more than a grainy picture glued onto metal. Honestly, I make those types of necklaces myself and I could have done an immensely better job myself for a third of the price. If that's what I thought I was getting then I wouldn't have ordered it, but I thought I was getting a shaped glass arc reactor. Big mistake. Don't waste your money here.so so, Too thinPour quality shirt. Ripped it while pulling it over my head.These shoes were tight, hard and no arch support. After 1 hour I felt like someone had beat the bottoms of my feet with a lead pipe. I had to leave my nephews wedding early my feet hurt so bad. Not only was dancing out of the question, I didn't even want to walk to the rest room. At 40 plus yrs of age when the pain in my feet wins over my need to tinkle...that's a miserable shoe!Flimsy and very small.  This will surely break before Halloween night is over.  I can't believe I paid so much for it.  I would have been better off to buy a basket and a stuffed animal separately.  If Halloween wasn't so close I would return it.  My fault for thinking I could wait and use Amazon Prime.Ordered  the Croc Yukon clog.  Received the Yukon Sport.  Beyond being a different model, the sizing was different.  Disappointing to have to go through the return process for something that I had not ordered.Turned black all the gold came off after showeringLast year I bought the Southpole Core Denim Light Sand shorts and they were perfect.  I really liked them. But this past winter I lost a lot of weight due to illness, and now the shorts were too big. So last week I ordered the Light Sand shorts again in a smaller size and was happy to get them on sale.  But the shorts I received were not the same. They were not really sanded denim but a lightweight cross-hatch fabric. These were cut too small in the waist and legs, did not seem true to size for "relaxed fit". The zipper was too lightweight and short, poor quality, and it stuck. The zipper pull was very weak and I worried it would break when struggling with the zipper. The insides of the front pockets did not lay flat, they stuck out and the seams curled. The leg hems curled up. It seems the fabric had not been cut straight because the legs were twisted like cheap denim jeans.  Very disappointed and returned these shorts for refund, did not want to exchange them for the same shorts.Doesn't look like the picture, the quality of the material is ok.Tight in the top of the foot, here higher than expectedThe sizes are really small. Always order your regular size plus one more.1 pair fits great. The other 2 are too big. All pairs are 33x30.We received the BASIC Iron Man costume after I specifically searched for this MUSCLE Costume and ordered it under a deadline with my Prime account.  Perhaps I am misunderstanding the description for the item or the picture of the item for sale, but it certainly appears that there are muscles in this costume.  I also understand there is eligibility for free returns, but we didn't have a choice of returning the item because I wasn't going to tell my 6 year old son he could not wear the costume to the birthday party we were attending where ALL of the other children were dressed as superheros.I ordered a size 7 and received a 7.5 but I kept it since I did not want to go through the hassle of returning. I bought this shoe to replace a similar Nine West shoe I had bought at MJM designer shoes for about $25. I say similar because I really don't think this is an original Nine West. The shoes looked great when it came but within 2 wears, the front part of the shoe is all wrinkled. The shoes make a lot of creaky noise when I walk. I own several pairs of Nine West and I don't have any issues with any of them. Also cannot attribute the wrinkling to the shoe being tight because it is not, remember they sent me a bigger size! I feel like this shoe is just going to fall apart in another 2-3 wears. Very disappointed!nice scarf but for a pashmina was really thinSent it back.  Looked cheap.I bought these for my wife.  She has a long commute from her job in the evening. Hoping it would help with the glare of headlights & street lighting at night.  These glasses are not polarized in my opinion... They do not reduce glare from oncoming headlights or street lights when driving at night.  All they do is tint the lighting yellow.  I new the price was too good to be true.  I believe this company should be sued for false advertising.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME & MONEY ON THESE CHEAP CHINESE-MADE (shipped direct from China) YELLOW PLASTIC GLASSES............NOT "POLARIZED NIGHT DRIVING GLASSES" !!After owning for one month, it has broken twice.  Dry cheap. Do not waste your money.Sole already falling off in pieces in February and dice it was a Christmas present, not worn very longI was skeptical at first but decided to go with the 4 to 5 star reviewers.  Unfortunately I was duped.  Right out of the packing the handle did not click into place when extended.  It is poorly constructed and cheap.  It wobbles and it flimsy in the socket.  My laptop does not fit and it is only 15.6inches.  The "pocket" looks like it would hold, maybe, an iPAD.  The mesh side pockets are a joke.  Not even big enough for a sippie cup.  The big compartments zippers don't go down far enought and there was struggle to put the laptop and books in.  I had another Cal Pak and it lasted 10 years and has now broken from so much use.  I would like the same bag but with the added padding to carry a laptop.These are really comfortable shoes, use to be my favorite. About two years ago they changed the tread to a pattern with big blue dots of the foam. After a few months of frequent wear the space between the white and blue foam starts to wick water up into the shoe. Now anytime I step in a puddle or walk after it rains my feet get soaked. This has really shortened the usable life of the shoes for me. I probably won't but these again unless they change the tread to something less prone to leaking after a few months of wear.Terrible quality.  Battery lasted for three monthsdo not order-dirty-cheap looking-not like picture-very disappointing-waste waste waste waste of time and money!! very ugly!!!! do not order! very usedMaterial qality very good. Comfortable fit. Too small to the size. This why I gave two star only. Othervise it would be 5 star.The boots are too small and I would like to return them to Amazon so I can buy a larger size. After 2 weeks I have still not heard back.Since these only come in full sizes, ordered my regular size even though people had warned they are a bit big. HUGE is more like it. Great concept, nice feel and would have loved to have these at the beach, but since it cost me $12 shipping back and forth for nothing, I'm not willing to try them in one size smaller. Epic fail.The costume came without the hood with the hat!! In addition, the packaging was in horrible condition and I think they knew that it was incomplete when the shipped and just hoped I wouldn't bother with returning it. I did return it.I would've given this 3-4 stars, but the shirt arrived with a stain *ew* my boyfriend did look cute in it once we covered the stain with the vest.I actually like the size, but I have had it about 5 months now and it tearing on both ends.  See photos.  I run about 15 to 20 miles a week on average and use this every time I run.  I may be using it in a fashion that it was not designed to be used....I wear it tight and right below my hips.  Therefore I wear it fairly tight to keep it from moving around.  It may be great if you wear it loosely above your waist, but I don't care for having anything on my waist.  I still wouldn't have expected it to rip like this.Clip is smaller than it looks online, and is too small and stiff to use - it tore up my tie when I tried to slide it through. Once the tie was in there, there wasn't room to slip the shirt in as well.shoe didn t last but 6 monthRidiculously small. I have small hands and can't even put a finger in them.Cheap quality, looked used marks... got thrown into trash 5min after it arrived.Socks refuse to stay up - yes they don't bind like elastic but what use are they if I have to constantly pull them up all day? Consider yourself warned!It was beautiful when I opened it. However after one week the rose gold is gone and now its just silver. Hasnt turned my finger green, yet...
It seems durable so far. Has not bent or been misshapen at all and I wear it every day.

EDIT: Turned my finger green, will be returning this. It was cute, very disappointed. You get what you pay for I guess.The shirts are nice but they are not cut appropriately  and do not fit.Ripped souls within two months of wear. Dont buy Chuck Taylor II.Christmas gift. Haven't seen her wear it once.very cheap most pieces broken already but you get what you pay forA little large. The primary reason for return was the sharp pointed piece of some hard material that poked into the the left big toe. The shoe could not be worn.Very bad product. It is too dry and leavs white stains on the boots.The necklace is beautiful but the picture you see is back of a locket. I did not want a locket and I wouldn't have bought it having known that.Way too small. Order at least a size if not 2 larger than what you wear.Brose first day she wore itThin material. Got a run as soon as I put them on. Not worth itNice and roomy... I have a large wallet, large make-up case and usually keep a lot of stuff in my handbag and this holds all of it.  I find that this bag is uncomfortable to hold on the shoulder though, because of how big and how hard it is.  I was actually considering getting the beige, but I'm glad i got one at a time.  I don't like it enough to get another in a different colour.Cute enough, but disappointing outfit. Dress fabric is very rough, our baby will not wear it, pants are fine.It should be labeled one size smaller.  smaller than other XX-Large sizes I've ordered.Very low quality as cotton is very thin and itchy.  Not at all what the online description stated.  Would never order from this manufacturer again.She will have to grow in them. Their cute.Image is very small. does not look like the pictureNot recommended. The shirt stays have every imaginable design problem an item could have.  They are to short even when fully adjusted for the longest length. I have a 32" inseam, wear long tailed dress shirts and even with  over the calf socks, the stays are stretched to the maximum. The fasteners are not designed for a common weight dress shirt or dress socks and are very problematic in trying to get fastened. The fasteners may have been designed for women's nylon stockings. The "Y" sections are approximately 4" long which allows the top two fasteners only about 3" of separation when attached to the shirt tail which makes the Y style stay virtually indifferent from the straight style stay. And the back of the fastener that rubs against the leg feel like sand paper. Not recommended.Very uncomfortable!spend more and get better qualityI ordered a large and it couldn't have been larger than a size 2.  terrible quality.These lenses didn't fit the model number that they stated they would.  If you want to try a replacement lens then maybe try revant, i haven't had issues with their lenses in the past.Way too small and the pattern did not look the same.The product I received was a cheap imitation of the product in the photo. ReturnedThis top had potential but just did not look good on me.When i buy alegria size 8-8.5  they are good but not this time. It fits snug. I own 3 pairs and this hurts my my feetIts a really bad belt. I tired hanging my self with it and it snapped.I must return these. Pretty shoe but way too small.I gave two stars because they fit as expected and I should have known better than to expect more given the price.I returned the shoes.  They were defective and not what I would consider a "wide" width shoe.  LifeStride messed up bigtime on these.  Usually, I have no problem when I order wide width shoes, and they are a much better fit than the normal mediums, but this pair did not make the grade.  There was also a crooked seam on the back of the left shoe, which made the blue fabric cut into my foot.  Not happy with these at all.This boot was not made for someone with a normal size 9 foot.  The opening to get a normal size foot into the boot is WAY TO NARROW.......poor quality control/manufacturing and cheaply made.  I would not recommend buying this item, it will be disappointing.Correct size however it runs big and is wide width.Belt was not in package revived black clipsThe hat would probably look great if its shape wasn't deformed due to horrible packaging. The hat was mashed up and wrinkly. Totally out of shape.Not what I expected don't even like the materialShirt looked great but shrank way to much after washing, cant wear anymore.I returned them because they look and feel cheaply made.
About two years ago I bought a pair of this brand and I love them, but these were terrible and I had to return them.Maybe I'm crazy. I'm usually somewhere between a medium and a large (small waist, large bust). I opted for the large, based on the size chart and the fact that most of the top reviews said it the shirts ran small. The shirt is 46" around. That's like a 2XL.The colors are beautiful, but the stone size is entirely too small.  These earrings will not be visible from 3-4 feet away.  Great earrings for children, but no so much for adultsWanted to love it. Super cute fit nice. Went to put it on yesterday and found that the seaming was coming apart. Wish I woulda seen it when I first purchased it.Very flimsy, no arch, no support just pretty to the store shoe!! Afraid they won't last long! I expected much better quality!Es de muy pobre calidadToo small for size 12 foot. Range to fit shoe size 6-12 is too long.I should have read the other reviews before I bought this.  After 5 months this thing dies regularly!  The solar charging just doesn't work.  It hold for 1/2 a day, maybe a day and BOOM its stops working.  I have to put it under direct light to get it to "sort of work" again and just when I think its going to work it just stops working again.  $100+ mistake on my part and of course it dies right after the warranty and exchange period run out, so you're stuck with a $100+ piece of junk paper weight.  Go find another watch is my advice!Ordered a 10 (M) and when received was too small, narrow and super tight. Was given a hassle by Amazon that I couldn't do an exchange because I used a 20% off coupon Amazon issued me. Does that make any sense? Amazon doesn't even warn or inform you against using a coupon code and having the inconvenience of having to order and pay for another pair of sneakers because of it. Ridiculous....free returns my foot! Not to mention that when I received the shoe it was dirty in a white substance. Looks like the moron who ordered it before me wore it in some type of white film like plaster and Amazon sent it to me in that condition. I refuse to accept a pair of shoes in such dirty and filthy state. I would like to inform Amazon to inspect the shoes they sell thoroughly before sending it out to a consumer and expecting the consumer to accept a shoe in that kind of condition. Should have taken a picture to show how ridiculous of condition these shoes were in. So I reordered another size 10 (XW) and paid for it. Received that pair and was a perfect match. However, I will never order shoes from Amazon again for the dumb nonsense I had to experience. Hope this review can give someone or anyone for that matter an idea of what Amazon is about and I've been an Amazon customer for eons. Never again!I ordered the black hat. It came in but the EGA in the center was not the one shown. Instead of the white on black it was a circle with a red EGA in a circle.It came sealed with the seal, but was leaking through the bottom. Wasn't much left by the time I
opened it. Had a small crack/hole in it, so needless to say, I threw it out. Better to buy in a store somewhere.They all fit but the nevy blue one had a little  hole in the back of them ... I can't wear it anymoreThe picture given in the website is different from actual shoes. The picture shows shine leather,  two color shade in the leather (light to dark) with blue thread but actual show is dull & defectiveEither the quality of Chucks has gotten a lot worse lately, or they're selling knockoffs.  Within three weeks, the glue holding the sole to the front of the shoe failed on the left shoe.  Within two months, the other show failed in the same spot.Looks cheap, but can't expect more than that for the costthe writing faded away super fast.. and ran a lot bigger. the arm pits were so baggyI had one for about 2 months and the pin that holds the hinge came out.  I didn't notice it at first until the other side came out and it fell a part. I sent a message to the Sharkk company through Amazon because they claimed a life time warranty. I've not heard back for them , I  say don't  waste your money.Wow! I bought this costume last year and LOVED IT! Not only was it completely inappropriate and offensive -- it fit really well too! J/K. We want this costume taken down! This is extremely disrespectful to the native american culture!They were way too big for my daughter. The material is cheap. I would not waste my money on these. There are a lot of other ones on amazon with far better qualityThis pair of sunglasses are not sturdy at all, one of the legs came off when I received my order. I do not recommend it.I agree with another review here......1st pair that  ordered fit perfect and was great quality.......one of the best pair of jeans I have.
Unfortunately,  the 2nd and 3rd attempts at a order....not so much.  One pair looked like it was for a child and this last pair  was too small.
All the tags were the same.....but definitely not the same size.Meh. Wore it for a wedding before I had it altered due to a time crunch.  Altering is in its future as the fit was not flattering.These flip flops run really huge! I was incredibly disappointed. Returned.after a week of wear the material torn off. disappointed.I bought these for a Christmas and they were as described but I decided a 10 and 11 year old wouldn't like them.The sequins on this are not even. The "B" looks like it's upside down, the "s" is messed up. Not as cute as I hoped for.Not comfortable at all and too noisy when you walkMissing themichael Kors logo. Sending back item.Raggedy lookingTo smallI liked them at first, but they are so think that they tore apart too easy. Not worth it.The material and look of these trunks are fine. As well as the length and size.  However, I had to return them because of the way they looked on my legs.  The legs of these shorts flair out at the end.  Imagine bell bottoms on shorts. I hated the cut.  Everything else appeared to be fine with them.Too smallI know it said plunge neck but my breasts were completely exposedVery pretty but the zipper broke the first week of school that my daughter carried it unfortunately.these are huge lensesThe tag says L but on the jacket it says XXL. I used to have an M size for this and thought L would be better for now now as I've grown "wider" but boy was I wrong. If you're 1.66m tall and 70kg like me, just stick with the M size.Pendant broke withing one day of wearingThe lining is cheap made out of something similar to plastic making the dress not flattering to a womans figure, but if you want a costume and do not mind quality then this is a great buy.  I purchased a small although the dress looked larger than a small until i put the dress on I could have possibly went up a size but theses dresses are supposed to fit short and snug.  I am 5'7" 160 lbs and I fit a small. Just not what I was looking for!Good design, but material is too thin. The toes area bore a hole on 3 pair after wearing it for a long day. Rather disappointing.They seem cheaply made and not as good of quality as my other Kenneth Coles. They are quite uncomfortable and right around the toes. They are very cute but I wouldn't recommend.The pockets are shorter than my other 505s. My other jeans my hand fits in, these, just up to the palm. Too much effort to return them.I was really excited about these Jean's. They're soft and fit great. However, the smell is awful. I've washed them 3 times and can't get that strong chemical odor out. I'm seeing more and more reviews regarding this chemical odor in a variety of clorhing.Ordered an xxl... Way too small - did not see that it is junior sizing.  Fits my 13 year old daughter who wears a size small in women'sI ordered 1 size up, I normally would take a 7 but I ordered a 9.  Extremely small, if you order these and are not a skinny teenager order them at least three sizes larger.Probably very attractive on a skinny guy. The waist size fits as expected but if you have muscle mass don't bank on these fitting right.These may work for a few hours but they are not going to last. For what the price is I was not expecting something great but with the first half hour I wore them the soles of the shoes had come off. I would recommend spending more and getting a better product.The show was too short and the sole did not feel as comfortable as I needed. I've worn RYKA before and really liked them but maybe it was just this pair.NOT AUTHENTIC! FAKE, FROM CHINA! VERY DISAPPOINTINGSmaller than I thought but ok for costume wearI can't believe that Amazon.com is supporting the business that is selling this garbage! I am outraged that the makers think this is Barack Obama. This is very offensive and the makers need to be put on BLAST!too bigThe strap broke off and zipper also after 1 week :(I could get it on but couldn't move my arms way too tightI bought this for work as a delivery driver. Very warm and comfortable, fits well. But the knit has a very high degree of pilling after a couple of wearings. If you can deal with this it is an okay jacket for work.The shoes say leather upper but they sure don't feel like leather they are very stiff and are not very comfortable. I have already gotten rid of the box otherwise they would be returned.Seems like a decent product. Unfortunately all three shirts were the wrong size. The box they came in was correctly marked XL but the three shirts were all marked Large.I always wear a size 8 in Clarks - these obviously run small...  However, the return process was excellent - 4 stars for that part!I didn't realize how big these would be, which is my fault, but I also expected them to be finer/softer, since they're a gift set. I would never give these as a gift; they look and feel cheap. I don't like using them, because they're not particularly gentle on my nose. I'll probably invest a little more next time and get nicer ones.Well the warranty was for one year; I've had the belt for 14 months and today the stitching came loose and the belt separated. THIS IS A $60 BELT it should last more than 14 months. In case anyone is wondering, no; it didn't get hard use. I used it with my jeans and dress pants. I've had $18 crap belts from Walmart that have lasted longer. The leather is fine. It was the stitching that just fell out separating the two layers of leather and exposing the plastic reinforcement on the inside.very thin cotton, super transparent, the fit is also weird, tight in the arms and wide in the bodyFit in length, not widthVery unflattering and boxySure for the price it's a nice stylish piece.  20 minutes after I put it on I had several people comment on it, asking where I got it and for how much, and these were classy ladies and hipsters.  But damn 2 hrs after putting it on the thing turned off and wouldnt come on.  Then the top number went out and hasn't returned so I'm returning it in hopes that it was a defective piece and to get another to see if that one works.  More to follow...oh and its not equipped with many options just a stylish timepiece.These shoes are adorable but the finish starts to come off on the toe area and toe folds within a couple wearsVery thin, cheap material. Would not wear in public.The shirt was a great rust color and well constructed. The sizing was way off. I ordered a 3x because I like big shirts and camis. This cami was easily an XL to 1x at least. My breasts didn't fit.returned for larger sizewanted to love it toooooo  SMALL !!!!!!!  returnedUrbane has changed it's fabric, this color and the fabric is not soft at all, not like the urbane same style blue scrubs I bought a year ago. Plus, the poor choice in material attracts lint like I Have never seen - I"m not wearing these, they look awfulthe top is very low cut and doesn't fit correctly. I'm 5'7" and the length isn't long enough. the bottom material is cheap and thin.... I had high hopesNot nearly as fluffy or cute as pictured. Shoddy work. Bait and switch.The size is definitely incorrect and it is very large compare to the same size sx of other brands.These are older syle 505.  I need to have an R.A. sent to my address for return/refund/exchangeSee picture I took of actual product.These are more like tights..see through tights...and they are cheaply made unfortunately. I guess with these you get what you pay for. You definitely will have to order a size or two up just so they do not sit too tight to your skin. Very see through!These are thinner material than they used to be.  They are also cut slightly smaller.  I think Hanes may be trying to get more profit by reducing the product quality.  I don't think I'll buy them again.It's been two months and I still haven't received this item, even thought my credit card was charged! No response from customer service. Don't buy from these people!!I really wish I had not wasted my money on these boots. Just like other reviews, I also had the leather separate from the sole which allows water in easily. For some reason they eat my socks. I swear to you I have had many boots since I wear them everyday and these are the only boots that pull my socks down. I have to unlace the boots and pull my socks up and tie my boots. Cotton socks, wool socks? These boots don't discriminate, they eat all of my socks.This is nothing as it seems on the internet! colors are very lame and sizes are HUGE! DO NOT BUY!I have orthoheel sandals which help my plantar fasciitis but needed closed shoes for work.
These are awful.  They hurt my feet and the pain radiates up my leg.
I am very disappointed.mexicos run larger so i've found with this order. not the sellers fault!Arrived too small and it shrunk with the 1st cold water wash. Color also faded in the black area.Very cheap material. Metal lining is almost tearing out of the fabric into your ears.  Buy a better quality. Threw them out on the first dayThis earring fits nice. However, it fell off the second day I wore it. The clasp apparently isn't very strong.The fit was fine everywhere but the open shoulders. The open shoulder was too small and did not fit properlyOne shoe is much bigger than the other. The smaller shoe is just the right size. Unfortunately, I sent the pair of shoes to my mum in Egypt and now I don't know what to do.Way too small!  She is in a 6.5 in regular shoes and the 7's didn't come close to fitting. Cute shoes though.Bought 2. One works perfectly, the other won't stay open, so it totally useless. Can it be returned?After barely one month of general use the top fabric of the shoe  where my big toe generally rubs has worn a hole through it.  I've never had this problem with any shoes before.  Because these shoes were purchased with hard earned money, I can't just throw them out.  My suggestion, buy at a store or direct from the manufacturer.  Looks like i'll be putting a small piece of duct tape to help prevent further ripping.These are cheap.  I like the other brand much more.There were no instructions on how to work this watchIt runs really small. Material not good quality... I had to mount the stones my self, they clicked in , But very strange that they where apart, also the pin now is loose...Too smallBought these for my 5 yr old's converse low tops.  They are so tight we can't get them on.I didn't like the look of these shoes when I tried them on, I could see my fingers! So I returned themI recently purchased this brand of cargo sweatpants and had to return them for a size larger. I appreciate the good quality, heavy fabric but even one size larger than normal barely fit comfortably. I ordered these shorts the extra size larger initially, but alas, even one size too large I could barely get tem on and had to return them also. Perhaps they are made by Hobbits...If you have a high instep or a wider foot this isn't the shoe for you.  Looks great on but unconfortable for me because of a high instep. Have worn several  times and they don't seem to be loosening up...but an absolutely adorable sandle for the right foot.DOA out of the boxSleeves are too tight and its just not sewn together well.Terrible qualityzipper broke while I was trying to unzip it- the bag was even empty Would not stay tiedthe color is way off from the picture, and it has a bad smell to the material, smells like fish or something badThe design is not stitched on, it's an iron-on that was falling off.  The sweater is nice, it's just too bad they didn't take the time to make sure the design was properly adhered to the sweater.Cheap build quality, rubber is coming off the sole already after a month. Bad support, cant wear for more than a few hours. The insole the shoe comes with is red and the dye rubs off onto your socks so don't wear white socks.I tried a few different brands of this same style of shoes. Unfortunately they were all very narrow. I loved the look of the shoes, but I couldn't wear them comfortably.the largest size was still TOO SMALLThe quality appears good, however, the chemical smell is overwhelming. If I can't air out the smell over the next couple days it's going back to Amazon.

UPDATE:

Exchanged the purse for another and unfortunately the chemical smell is still a problem with the new one. Amazon, what is the deal?? Have the supplier change the packaging bag or something!didn't fit, I am 5'1 and have yet to find a one piece that fit. love the style and fabric.Really cute but top part is made small painfull to wear returning after holiday lines are gone.They were too big and you don't have any sizes smaller availableJust received this and am returning it. It is a beautiful vest, extremely well made, but as others have commented, sized wrong. I normally wear a 2XL, so I ordered a 3XL. This is quite a bit smaller than my 2XL vests and jackets, and way too short. Too bad, would have loved to have kept it.Should have read other reviews a little better...Shoes are Too small in toe box...everything else fit perfectly...sadly must return it.Not what u expectedThis boot was a full size larger than the keene Betty and I had problems getting my foot in... Once it was in there was plenty of room in the foot bed I removed the laces entirely which helped a little bit  the lining is now pulling away from the back only worn a few times...really dissapointed...I wear a size 5 or 7 in women's pants and ordered the medium.  These would fit someone who wears a size 00.  I would send this back or request a refund but as it's from China, I am not paying for that.  I will just offer to give these pants to a friend with a kid in 6th grade.Came in and felt a size too small. Cant imagine how small its gonna be once I wash it. The design was good though, as far as that goes.I was super excited to recieve the ring however after wearing it twice the bottom diamond fell popped out. Its easy to wear and a nice size but unfortunately breaks easily.The shoe overall is a nice shoe but it is too small and the material is not one where you can carry to stretch.
I am terribly disappointed. I wear size 8, I should have ordered a 10 because 9 would still have been too small.
I am not living in the US therefore to return is not easy. I wasted money on this order. won't purchase from this buyer again.Seem very narrow but I had worn them around the block and didn't feel like I could return them. They look great but I am sad they are not comfortable.Piece of crap Chinese knock off BS!!!!poor quality materialWaist fit was ok but length was way too long.This was a horrible dress cheaply and poorly made( and I paid almost 40 dollars for this 2 dollar quality dress). It has a huge gaping hole in the front which was supposed to a sexy slit on the side. Feathers are everywhere not sewn or glued properly on dress the cape is a joke looks like the size of a bandana. And they don't let you pick a size and I figured since it was stretch material it was one size fit most. Was looking forward to wearing it, boy was I wrong. Please save your hard earned money and buy another holiday costume. Don't make the foolish mistake I did.I'm not giving these a 5 star since they do not match the picture. There is no string from the flower leading to the ankle. It looks like a bracelet with a flower in my opinion. Only reason I'm not giving it a 1 is because I like the color of the flowers and the seller was nice.

I received this product at a discount; however, this does not influence my review. I only write honest reviews regardless of whether I purchased a product at full price, at a discount, or received it free. Hope this helps! Shirt fits good, but the colours that were shipped looks nothing like whats on display and the material is washed out. I ordered Flatseven shirts before and never got this problem, will be the last time I buy Shirts from FlatsevenTight and looks like a pointy gnome hat on. Not slouchy like the photoit has not a good quality, I had to give it away because inside the tip it has something there.cute but runs smallIf your looking for running shoes, pick something else. These shoes made my shins hurt when I ran. I was less than satisfied. They look good, so I made them my everyday shoes and got different running shoes.The glitter is getting off this dress and stacks everywhere .The fabric quality not so good .it looks cheap and not so nice as in the photothe quality is very plosion. vzelay is a glue and adhesive tape. the leather is not natural is not real. one Shoe is scratched or already former in the use.very happy with my item this sellerWhen these jeans arrived they were very thin denim and the belt loops all ripped off within two months. The fit was spot on with standard Levi's, but the quality was definitely lacking. I would highly recommend against buying these jeans.As soon as I got them I tried putting one of them on my luggage and it broke. I used the other one though.Cute jeans but size is WAY off. I generally wear a 29, so I order that size.... they were HUGE.  So I returned for a 27.  The 27 are too big as well.  :(They look like Dollar Store earrings.I accidently ordered the low rise drawstring cargo pant instead of just low rise drawstring pant. Fit was too small.I received my dickie pants today and unlike the image is advertising, my pants were young adult size.Very cheap looking. Runs extremely smallRounded toe makes it too short for my foot to be comfortable. Shoe wares well otherwise and I like the Velcro straps. Shines up good with a little elbo grease!Funny, good graphics...the tee itself it poor quality. Would not buy again.Beware when ordering Watermelon Red. The color is actually a dark coral/PINK.  I'm not a fan of the coral color at all as the red pictured is very vibrant and well...RED.  I will be returning this suit mainly for the color but also for the fit.  The top, as others have mentioned, is not supportive at all unless you tie the neck really tight which would probably not last during a day of swimming without slipping especially after the suit loses stretch over time.  It was one size too big and I worrried about it being too small.  It looks like from the other reviews that the other colors as well seem to significantly differ from the product photos.  Too bad.Very tough boot..... But, the left boot rubs on the inside of the ankle very bad to the point I can't even walk with them on. It's right were the I-hook is on the boot. Now I have a $300+ boot I can't wear....TerribleI couldn't even get this thing to set the combination past the factory combination.  It's got this bizarre allen wrench thing that comes with it that you have to finagle into the hole and turn *just* so.  It eventually got completely locked and I couldn't do anything with it, so I had to box it back up and do a return.  Terrible.These are a tight spandex, they were a bit too tight around the ankle in my opinion but the biggest problem was that wherever the material touched itself or was folded in the packaging, the color was creased and rubbed off. Since the material is so stretchy when you put them on the lines and creases of rubbed of color expands and looks ridiculous. Totally unwearable because of this. I got them for a costume and need to return them.Scratches so easily and is very light and flimsy.I took a gamble on this and it was a loss. You get what you pay for. The biggest problem is that it looks really frumpy. The jacket is one layer of fabric except for in the front where the collar folds down and into the bottom hem. The problem is, in the front there are two layers of fabric but they aren't sewn together so it bunches up and looks messy. I also thought it was a little short. Otherwise, I thought the size was good and I liked the ruching detail on the sleeves. It's cute, but not thoughtfully designed enough.I had to return these. I have what I would consider to be athletic legs and I swam in these from the ankle up. They were just huge around the calf and they wanted to sag and crease at the ankle. This sag made the leather "pop" every time you walked - it was really odd and very loud. The feet were also narrow and they were just overall poorly fitting and uncomfortable.As a minimalist runner whose had 3 stress fractures in my foot (only since switching to minimalist shoes), I have to find shoes that have some level of cushion. Other reviewers said these were "cushioned", and I agree - they are more cushioned than my other NB's, but they aren't cushioned enough for me. I took my chances when I ordered them so that is NOT why I'm giving them 2 stars. These shoes are just "funky". They have weird spots that rub, and are just terribly loose-fitting (and I have wide feet).I don't like the way these wear on me.I ordered the black and white shirt. It is black and grey. It also runs very large. These are men's sizes. Contacted seller for return still waiting for response.After wearing them for just 3 months the heel is broken. Took them to a shoe repair company and they said it can't be reasonably fixed because the heel is defective. Too late to return- bummed.LOOK used , dirty . So sad .Did not arrive on time. Not good Quality swiss army logo just came of the first day I use this wallet I had to fixed this  problem with glue.

Most improve delivery time -quality on the logo, the wallet seems okI have had other Havaianas years ago that I loved but these broke within a month of wearing them.  I was very disappointed and probably won't buy this brand again.The material seems cheap and flimsy but the main problem was the width of the calf area. RIDICULOUSLY SMALL. I mean, I don't have ridiculously big calves but I seriously could NOT get it to zip. Not even close! Seems to be made for a petite female with just skin and bones for legs. No leg muscles allowed. The footbed area space was fine. I'm normally a 6 and the 6 fit perfect.Ordered a 2X. Received an XLToo lageDisappointed that most of the inside of the shoe is lined with some sort of plastic. I thought I was buying a leather shoe but who knows what toxic stuff I am putting against my babys foot. Not cool.
They are super cute. They do run large if you go off the months (my 18mo fits size 6-9m, though 12-18 would probably be ok too) but the size chart has cm too so just go off that.Very cheap brand, don't like and please stop right Now to sell this productListed as a women's shirt ... however, it is actually only a JUNIORSWouldn't stay up too well and kept showing ripples. Not worth the discomfort.They are not wool and cannot keep my feet warm.My fault these things were too bigfun very smallThese pants were horrible , the drawstring sucks. It's just not a good make, was truly a waste of money .It was not as it appeared in the picture. Looks to be long, but it fit my daughter just past her knees.These shoes were too small event though we bought the New Balance WW520 Walking shoe and they fit fine.  My wife set these aside and only used the 520s.  She later told me that these shoes were too tight, thus she never wore them.  She didn't let me know in time, so I didn't return within the allowable time.  So we're stuck with $35 shoes that were never worn!I was very disappointed to find that they shredded my shirts, even when extended to their full length. I used them twice and tossed them in the trash.I'm not sure what's going on with the cut of these underwear, but the actual crotch part seems uncomfortably narrow while the leg holes seem too large/loose. Loose leg holes mean that they don't stay in place...talk about wedgies! It was like the bikinis I got really wanted to be thongs, and would try their hardest to migrate the leg opening all the way over into full wedgie position. The worst part was that this 6 pack was mixed in with my existing underwear, so I'd forget about their wayward ways as I went to grab a clean pair of underwear. An hour into my work day, and I'd feel that tell tale creeping feeling of the leg hole elastic heading west. I ended up throwing each pair in the trash at the end of the day as I rediscovered the problem each time.
Maybe going down a size would have snugged everything up so they stayed better gripped into position? That doesn't seem comfy. I won't be buying this again.I've bought three pair of Volatile sandals now, and these were extremely tight and small. Too bad because they are very cute.I always wear small tops  - but there is no stretch around the shoulders.  There is absolutely no way to lift your arms up in this blouse.My son ordered this watch twice.  The first one lasted a little longer than the second one.  Don't bother with this, you truly do get what you pay for in this case.SmallUnhappy with quality of material.Very disappointing, as I did love the style and the fabric. Hard to find good cotton bras. I am 36-38B, and yet the back rode up. I am average size, not heavy. The main reason for the less than stellar review is the fact that the elastic on the bottom started unraveling itself after wearing twice. I would have purchased the next size up(I got a L, which very surprisingly to me, was not a good fit) but am worried this unraveling was not a fluke/one of a kind defective bra. I am returning, but would love to hear from the seller about this.Thought was stretchy on side but its jus panel review said they run smaller so I thought I'd go up a size well that made it two sizes to big not a fan of theseUS ladies ... these are UK sizes it seems. way way way to tight and I ordered 1 size larger than my normal size.Feels and looks cheap. The bracelet doesnt feel like real leather.I have never worn this type of sunglasses before so  I have no frame of reference, but all things considered, these are functional. No great, not terrible. I have good periferal vision with these and they work well enough.Cheap, plastic looking and not comfortable. Granted, they are cheap shoes but chintsy compared to previous docker products I've bought.Loved the boot, but was nowhere close to the size I ordered, more like two sizes smaller. Wish they had these in bigger sizes...Wrong size pants (xxl) was packaged in an XXS bag.Returned the wallet. The photos on here make it look like it might be unique and cool looking. Absolutely not the case. The interior cream-colored leather has a pinkish, gross flesh-like hue to it, and the outside of the wallet is inordinately glossy and looks "bedazzled".Typically I love Teva sandals both for me and for my kids but unfortunately this sandal broke the first day of wear. My son put them on right out of the box and we headed to the river. He didn't wear them in the water; he only wore them to and from the car yet on our way home the back strap ripped right off. Of course I forgot to initiate a return in due time because we've been so busy so it's my loss.
Just hoping Teva will improve the quality of their materials in the future.I bought a pair in black and white both labeled size 11M. The white fit fine (length and width) but the black are very narrow causing a lot of discomfort.sleeves too long.  Jacket too big.  looked and felted somewhat cheap.Not good work gloves. Equivalent to dollar store gloves quality for a TIMB price.They are too narrow. I don't have wide feet and have not have this issue with other shoes or sandals. There is a hard edge around the cushioned insole, and because the cushion is so narrow, my heels is always pressing against the hard edge. It's uncomfortable. I've tried tightening and loosening the straps in various ways, but I can't configure the sandals in a way that my heel consistently lands on the cushion.I did/do not like:

The "quality" of the "Signature" Dockers.  Fabric "weight" and the "finish" (interior) was less than desired.

In addition,  upon ordering, I did not realize that the waist was expandable, which is not my preference.  My error.

I am exchanging for the "Essential" line  of Dockers which has a more detailed interior finish.

I already have one pair previously purchased from MACY'S (web site).  I was satisfied with this pair from Macy's,  and wished to purchase additional pairs; and choose to utilize Amazon's superior service and delivery.

Yesterday,  I received my order of 3 pairs of the "Essential" line of Dockers khakis. I have yet to try them on.

Unfortunately, upon inspection the fabric "feels" lighter in "weight" in comparison to the pair which I previously purchased from Macy's.

Likely, differing retailers receive differing quality levels for the SAME "line".  Particularly "volume" retailers ordering from "volume" manufacturers.

Khakis s/h "weight" which is what distinguishes the type from simple pants.I received this shirt last night for my son. The printing quality is poor. The blue ranger is already half red and this shirt is brand new! The colors should not already be faded. My son (6) doesn't care, but it's not something I would buy again or recommend. If I could pry it out of his little fingers I would return it.I ordered these boots in both Toffee and Indigo, Size 8 M.  The Indigo boots fit perfectly but the size 8 M printed on the Toffee boots was obviously an error because their fit was actually about 2 sizes smaller than 8 M.  When they arrived, I tried on the Indigo boots and just assumed that the Toffee boots would have the same fit so did not try them at that time.  When I went to wear the Toffee boots today, I then discovered that the fit was dramatically smaller.  Unfortunately my "return window" had closed and I am now stuck with expensive boots which I cannot return.  Be sure to check the fit on each pair of these boots when you receive them to be sure they are correct, even if the printed size on the boots is what you ordered.This Bow Tie was small & cheat lookingi collect watches.

The movement inside this is very CHEAP! it was hard to set and the winding of the hands only went in one direction. this is not a mechanical and automatic watch. meaning you can not hand wind the watch you need to wear it or have a watch winder.

The only reason i gave it 2 stars is because the look is unique. very hard to find an automatic bridge watch.

I can not recommend this watch to anyone. even though it is a hard to find design, this one is a no go.Do not buy this watch! I got mine last October 2011, and last December steam got inside it- just by hand washing with warm water. Unfortunately, I ignored it. The last time it got wet the water got in- THE WATCH SAYS 3 ATM/30 M, meaning you are supposed to be able to wash your hands with it!hated thisThe fit and overall style of the jacket is actually pretty nice.  Quality is OK.  However, for some reason, the jacket comes with buttons that are larger and shinier than the ones in the pictures.  The buttons dominate the jacket and ruin the look.  The GF said that the buttons make the jacket look like something Kim Jung Un would wear - Whatever that means.  Looks like I'll be returning the item.The gem fell out of the ring after 2 days of wearing it. No damage to the band or the socket. Just slipped right out.They are very poor quality and I would not recommend them.  The backings were both broken whan they arrived.  I didn't mail them back to the sender, becuase I thought it would be too big of a hastle.  Waste of money.Very uncomfortable after a short time, but I wasn't wearing other glasses at the time.Beautiful but not for me. I really wanted to like these but they didn't fit well and they kept slipping around I my ears. Also seemed bulky.Ordered a plus size in the cross leggings, perhaps its a plus size in little girls because there is NO way these will fit me. Im a size 16 and I can barely fit one leg on these... very disappointed...Dress would of been nice had it not come absolutely stained. Dress had black scuffs all over it and the sash had yellow marks and pulled stitching. Received, opened, and decided to return all within 10 minutes.Massive shrinkage after one cold water wash. Get two sizes larger. I can't wear these two shirts.I loved the look and the size was perfect. However, the first time I tried them the clasp would not hold tightly, it's too flimsy.  The earring eventually fell out, a few times even after manually squeezing them to tighten.  I only wish they were made better, and they would be a winner. But to risk the loss of one each time you wear them is a waste of money.I wanted to love these, but the arch is torture even when worn for days. My fianc has a very high arch, and he was very comfortable in these since they run large and have a mountain like arch support. Wish it could have worked out Washed them when I received them and the threads are already coming undone. Contacted seller twice with no responseI bought this wallet specifically because in the description it said it had a kiss lock coin purse. This wallet contains only a zip pocket for your coins.The zipper on these boots turned them from works of art into uselessness for me.  Normally I would say ... ok, get the zipper replaced then with something more sturdy.  But for roughly $500 shoes, that wasn't an option.  Back they went.Not happy it is not washing well.  I have washed in cold and inside out and the fabric is balling up.Overall not quality I expected, especially in waistband. It rolls over. Never had that problem with Dockers before. Makes big difference in how pants feel during day.This underwear fit very small.  VERY uncomfortable.  I threw them away.  Will not ever again purchase Champion again.after washing, it shrunk.  my baby will probably wear this a couple times and will out grow sooner than expected. very disappointing...This shoe horn is excessively wide. I am a shoe size 9 1/2 (regular width) and after several days of using this simple tool, I noticed that the heel of my shoes was deforming and the leather was getting damaged. I have been using shoe horns all my life and cannot believe how someone got this simple design wrong.Its cheap, the seams don't line up, but for $9 I should not expect that much of qualityIt was a OK buy. It did fit kinda small. And the tutu at the bottom wasn't as long as the one in the photo. I'm kinda disappointed but oh well.NICE HAT FOR A VERY LARGE HEAD ONLY.Not true to size. Also the style is not clearly seen in the picture. There are  thin straps just below the bust  that tie in the back. The sides are kind of open. Was very disappointed with this purchase.So big! Look kind of silly but I will wear them anyway. Glad they were so cheap.This item arrived broken.  The piece that the chain attaches to was broken off, the back piece was separated, and the clock will not wind nor will it start.  This is completely broken and it is complete crap.  You get what you pay for.  It would be wise to invest in an actual timepiece that is sturdy and made to last.  Pay more and save yourself the irritation.Weird fit, won't order another.Cheaply made, Claw clasp was broken when it arrived. Such a bummer.Too smallI was excited to hand this over as a gift.  He opened it and all the feet had fallen off.  I fixed it for him but how disappointing. I don't like it cause no fit as expected to my 10 month baby.Been wearing Dickies for a long time ,almost 20 years ( my go to pants )and the 2 pair I got were not 34's , they fit like they were maybe 32's . I don't know what happen but they were way to small and I have no use for them , wasted my money.Just a note - I tried to order these directly from Hot Topic (along with other things for my kids for school) - my order was held up for nearly two weeks because apparently they are not shipping these out because they "contain lead" - I had to cancel the boots to get them to release the rest of my order...It's to small, you need to order twice the size. There lingerie are in Asian size super small and petite.The product came with scratches around the toes, it showed up late, with no help from the seller on return information. They were so tight I couldn't zip them and I have never had a 9.5 not fit me.I buy lots of crocs!  This was the only one that was ever uncomfortable for me.  The top of the "silver" circle was at an angle that dug uncomfortably into my foot, such that I was not able to wear them.cheap, and not sterling silver. Anything from pictures on gold is worthless, DO NOT BUY...For the last ten years of my life I've worn Converse Chuck Taylor and they last on average two to three years. This year I decided to try something new, PF Flyers. From all the reviews I've read and watched they sounded like quality shoes. Unfortunately, this is not true! It has been a little over a month and these shoes are already falling apart and that would be fine if I were running around in them all day. However I've worn them a hand full of times on casual outings. Shoes, ANY SHOES, should last more than a month. I don't think these will make it to month three. Do not buy these, your better off with Converse Chuck Taylor or walking barefoot.I loved these at first.  That is until the lens frame cracked at the bottom of 2 of the three pair of glasses.  Ordered last year and don't have receipt to return them.  My suggestion is to find another company.  These are made in China, maybe that's the difference.Too stiff to even open! How am I supposed to use this to hold bills if I can't even get it open? Seems like it's not the right kind of stainless steel.Kind of really disappointed. I just received this in the mail & have been waiting for it for about 3 weeks. But sadly it is not cream colored and isn't embroidered like the photos shown. It is super white and all lace-very delicate due to the fact there was a small hole smack dab in the middle when I first tried it on. Though it is an alright mimic kind of the one I was expecting, but I feel I could have gotten something better at a thrift store for less.Item was much smaller than my regular size and when I attempted to return it - although I only paid $5 for the dress - they wanted $125 to return it.  I guess I will be donating it.Weird! Does not drape off shoulder, but regardless hangs wonky anyway. I threw it out:(Not a good buy. I would look elsewhere. Hard to get hats off unless you want to knock several down. Not working for us. Wasted our money.got the wrong item unfortunately!Not the same as pictured.  Different designtoo large on all accounts. I would be careful of getting this and would definitely down size next time. The material itself was nice feeling and I would have liked to have this in my wardrobe, but it didn't fit.OK for costumes, but not for serious formal event. Hands are huge and snag on everything and anything.It did fit. Was to big.Did not like the band, too stretchy. Not a true 36After less than one hour shoescaused painful areas on my feet. Caused bleeding on one spot. No other New balance shoe has had this effect'It was hard for me to figure out what the "W" meant in its placement on the size.The size isn't consistent with my other Haggar trouser's and is a little too tight for comfort.  I sincerely hope Haggar isn't going the way so many other men's clothiers have gone... to a place of lowered quality control and inconsistency in sizing.  The fabric is okay for a work pant but collects lint, etc. due to its finish and weave.  I need something a little more refined and classy in fit and looks.  These are headed back.Snaps in half extremely easy. I have skinny wrist so I was not bending the metal.Cute but fabric is way too thin almost see thru.All my pants/jeans in my closet are a size 22. These pants are not a size 22, they're more like an 18. I was very disappointed and have to return them.

Michelle KhumaloLooks nice but very thin material, its all wet 10 minutes after it is on,  Your paying for what it says on the bib, not the quality of the bib.  The price for this bib is an outrageDO NOT BUY THIS BOOT FROM THIS SELLER!!!!!!!!!! IT IS COUNTERFEIT!!!! I received these and I also ordered a pair directly from the Bed Stu and these are FAKE. Compare the pictures they post and look at the ones on Bed Stu. The real ones have two squares stitched on the lower part of the heel. The ones  Croc...Docs...and more are selling do not have that stitching. In addition, the bottom strap on the real ones do not cross over the zipper....on the ones from this company, it does. THE CRAFTSMANSHIP IS HORRIBLE !!! I ordered a half size up 9.5 after reading the reviews and I have to say, the ones from crocs docs and more are tight as all hell. The 9's I received from Bed Stu fit me perfectly, as that is my size and has been since middle school. Again, DO NOT BUY THE BOOTS OFFERED BY CROCS...DOCS..AND MORE. THEY ARE FAKE!!!!too narrow, I returned for a wider size.Gloves are similar to image, the underside of the gloves are different and thin.

Gloves are very thin and appear cheaply made.

At least the sizing was right.Beautiful scarf but mine arrived with a hole in it.  A pretty large hole.  Packing was intact and it was in a sealed plastic bag.
Colors are true to what my monitor shows,  it would've made a cool warmer weather scarf or even a headwrap.
Disappointed with the hassle of the return and wondering if I should bother giving it another shot.Very disappointing.  Feels very cheap, looks like plastic.I have purchased Fruit of the Loom briefs for several years at Walmart, and they always lasted a good, long time.  Thought I would try a different brand, and it was a BIG mistake.  They are coming apart at the side and waist seams, and elastic is coming apart also.  So, back to Fruit of the Loom.Wow. Very surprised by Chaco quality on this sandel. We've worn Chacos for years. Have at least 5 active pair in my home. No idea how many we've retired. Love them. Until this purchase.

My wife wanted a pair that were a little nicer. Bought these for Mother's Day. Within two weeks, the strap is frayed and nearly broken. This is from normal use. No hiking or crazy stuff. Just walking around town.

Just so surprised. We are huge Chaco fans. I just expect better from Chaco.I bought a three pack and only got one set of padding inserts??? Why???This is the second time when I purchase some G2 item and I find that the size is not true. I wear Large size clothing but these G2 items are rather Medium than Large. I had to return it!Tarnish within days.I had to return the product. As soon as you try on these flats there is no doubt they feel uncomfortable. The back of the shoe doesn't have the right structure to it.  It goes in ward hitting the back of the heel. Even though I ordered the shoes one size bigger they were loose on me and the back of the shoe still managed to hit the back of my heel making it a very uncomfortable shoe. It is a poorly constructed flat.I was disappointed when I received this. The size listed here on amazon says its 4 inches, but that's only if you open it up all the way and lay it flat, the actual use size is roughly about 2 inches and from my stand point it doesn't hold very much. Its really small so I don't think its really worth buying, but Im not gonna return it just cuz its not really worth the hassle for the price of this.Its a Very Beautiful necklace & I loved it! As a matter of fact when the 1st one I ordered broke I ordered a 2nd one, but its Super thin & Obvously easy to break.The antiquing look of it makes the belt look cheap and fake and (worse) it broke after only wearing it 10 times. Pass on this one.Until I washed it, this camisole fit well and looked okay.  Now it is going in the trash can! After washing, the material looks as though it has hair ALL over it. I read a similar review from another customer. Cheap fabric; poorly made product. A complete waste of money.Was nice quality and the correct fit. However, it discolored after the first washits made very cheap stared falling apart on second day of useItem description says it is 1/2" Height, but in reality is was way bigger, around 3/4"I love the shoes. The only bad thing about them was the back part rubs the back of your leg and it's hurts.I wanted a white purse. Not off white.  Very  Disappointed.  The color shown is not the color that I received.Do not buy, its nothing like the picture, the bell sleeves are short and made of shinny satin. i am beyond disappointed.Silly idea, putting the FOUR DIGIT YEAR on the face of this thing.

As shown in the picture, they included 2016.  This is a year number, (as is 2017, which I suspect it can also display,) that will never be right again unless someone restarts the calendar, in which case you've got a good couple thousand years before that number comes up again).  It may seem a small thing, but buying this watch would be like ordering a box of checks, and the back of the included check register has this year, and the previous two.  It's not that it's useless, BUT a part of the thing, that they include specifically because it's useful, is of NO actual USE to you.

Besides THAT, more importantly, how often have you ever consulted your watch to see what YEAR it was, HMM?  Why not also throw the date's index on there too?  You know, like how some watches have the day window able to display the day in English and Spanish, (i.e., MON/LUN, TUE/MAR, WED/MIE, etc.?)  why not also put a wheel on it with "BC/BCE" and "AD/CE" on it?  Oh, and on that wheel, you could even add "MA/FE" for Messianic Age, for after Christ either comes, or comes BACK, depending on your point of view?

What might REALLY be a bit more useful than a YEAR window is a window that just alternates every 12 hours between "AM" and "PM".  Why not one of THOSE?  Some watches actually have them, in the form of a graphic showing the sun, and a nighttime diorama of moon and stars.

Lastly, I perused the description, and the "answered questions" area for this item, and I saw no indication, (perhaps I missed it,) of how HIGH THE YEAR WINDOW WILL DISPLAY.  I.e., if I drop a bunch of cash on this thing and I want my grandson to inherit it, will he find it useful if it only displays say, up until 2098?  What happens if you accidentally change the year number while changing the date?  Do you have to cycle through all... however many years there are on that wheel?  What if there's only 20 years on it, and I actually outlive its usefulness?!?  Could happen.

This is just a silly design, and I can't recommend anyone buy something like this.  WHAT I DID SEE is where the description states it is not only NOT perpetual, but it seems as if the makers (or copy writers) expect February to have 28 days instead of 30, so it will need to be advanced when it states the date is February 29th or 30th... but NOT the 31st?  Does this thing not HAVE a 31?

No, this has a day of week, date (numeral) day of month, THE MONTH itself, AND the year, BUT they couldn't give you a way to select years 1, 2, 3, and LY, like other watches, so this is just a complication for its own sake.  WHY have it?  If this were a PERPETUAL calendar, (allowing selection of year with respect to leap year,) there would be reason to buy.  That it DOES have a month indicator, AND a year indicator but doesn't automatically fix these things for you, is honestly just absurd.  Not like the watch was created without the ability to set what year it is, since a window exists DEDICATED to what year it is, RIGHT ON THE FACE.

Sorry.  Can't recommend.I bought this watch 6 months ago only for daily wear. Never used it for timer and its other functions, or in water or any harsh weather conditions. However, the watch just died suddenly yesterday. For a digital watch with such a mild usage, it's pretty poor quality. I will not buy again.1 wash and now my child barely fits into themCute but don't stay on my daughters feetToo smallVery cheap looking. Ordered 3, recieved 2.Absolutely no support what so ever. I'm a 34D and this did nothing for me. The material is very thin and flimsy, I can't see how this would make a good sports bra at all.Skirt was wayy too shortly ... the underwear in side was a loose n one said should go up my butt so all you would see is booty .... top was okHate it because it was not  a "one size fits all" - more like a "one size  fits a size extra small"; certainly not a womens size.  I gave it to my very thin daughter - baddd sizing on this one!A little to large.I only weight 115 pounds and this dress was ridiculously small...especially in the arms.  I'm into clothes that are different but this doesnt even fit well.Straps fell apart after one wash.Nice looking  but for a small wristI don't know if I ordered the wrong size but they fall off of me. I followed the directions for measuring thigh but seem so large. They fit very loose. So I don't know if they are actually a good product. Thought I might sew them tighter.The zipper was already broken when I took it out of the bag!Bad qualityToo largeSeems nice quality but just too small for a (foreign) passport. I did not even test whether it really blocks RFID.Great item to purchase. was larger than expected and had to returndoesn't wash wellI wear 32A and my size is 0 for dress and pant so I though small size would fit me. I also bought size medium just in case. But it turns out both their small and medium sizes are WAY TOO SMALL, and too bad they don't allow me to return. Also, there are NO TAGs on them so I can't even resale them or give to my friends. Now I use them as mops. Wastes of money.hAD TO GIVE THEM AWAYHEMS ARE NOT SEWN AT BOTTOM OF LEGS..........I ORDERED 3!!!!!!!!! ALL BAD...........TOOK TAGS OFF FIRST ONE SO YALL GOT OVER ON ME ON THAT ONE GOOD LOOKIN' OUT!!!! WONT BE BUYING THESE AGAIN.....READ THE FINE PRINT LIKE I FAILED TO DO. SIZE 37-39 ARE NOT SEWN AT THE HEMS.......SO YOUR BUYING PANTS THAT AREN'T EVEN FINISHED. JUST SO YOU KNOW!!!!Love that they are steel toe.I was really exited after reading all the reviews, especially since the price is great. I was very disappointed when I received the boots. They run very big, almost a whole size bigger partially because they are so wide. They are very snug around the ankle so they are hard to get on and off even for someone with small and narrow feet like me. The leather is nice and I love the height but the zipper is difficult to work around the ankle because it gets caught on pieces of leather around the zipper on the inside. The big disappointment for me was the rubber on the toes which looked cheap and faded, almost worn out. I definately expected better quality and "expensive" look but these boots failed to deliver. They make my feet look flat and huge but they are very comfy.Picture showed a full back, but when l received them, they were a racerback. Not what l wanted. I returned them.Wear size 10.5 in all shoes, so that's I ordered.  Got shoes and too big,  so exchanged for 10 having to pay $7 for something.  Not sure what if shipping is free.  Got 10, one shoe scratched and yes - TOO BIG! very frustrating when they were for school.  Now over a week later,  still don't have right size.  Had to order 9.5. Hoping that fits.It's obvious from the reviews that a lot of people like this watch, but it's not for me. Despite being large and clunky on your wrist, the G7700's actual display is small and suffers from poor contrast. It's hard to read without bringing close to your face, especially the tiny 2nd and 3rd time zone readouts that first attracted my interest. The crystal is very reflective, making it harder still to read in some light. Accessing features means LOTS of button-pushing, much of it to scroll past things you don't need. Aesthetically... well, let's just say it's even uglier on your wrist than it is in the picture, and I think the non-functional visual noise around the face makes the readability problem worse. Probably a good utilitarian watch for a sharp-eyed person with athletic applications in mind, but it's not the travel watch I hoped it would be.ridiculously small. I am 5'8" tall, 135 pounds and the large looked like I was wearing a childs shirt. The material also feels cheap. I would have kept it if it fit, but it does not.These shoes do not run true to size. I got my son a pair and they were very small and narrow. Unfortunately we had to return them.First of all what I received was one that clearly had been opened and returned because the plastic bag was cut along the side while the end with the sticky tape was still closed.  Secondly, the sole is not the same leather like material that is on the last two pairs I bought. This seems more cardboard like. Even the logo on the bottom is not the same. Why do some pairs have the logo in all caps and some have it in all small letters? The logo is trademarked. There should be no difference.  I did not try them on as they looked like they were a return but the size looks correct.I am very disappointed.  I bought this specifically for running.  The description states "60% Cotton, 28% Polyester, 12% Rayon," but the product tag reveals it is a whopping 90% COTTON 10% polyester.  This will not "wick away sweat," it will hold sweat.The outift is adorable as pictured,  and the sizing was fine.  Unfortunately, the button on the pants fell off during first wash before baby even wore the clothes.  Baby wore the shirt over the pants rather than tucked in, so not an issue. However, when buying Calvin Klein clothes I expect better quality than Carter's and did not receive this quality. The button should not fall off - it's a sign of poor workmanship.Product description stated that it fit bigger than smaller, but my wife could barely fit her foot into the boot to even try them on. She said "they fit like a ski boot" and I only got them a half size smaller than she normally wears. Shipping was free, but returns are not?? The company we ordered the correct size from sent a return slip with them so we could return them free. Pretty disapointed here with this group.too small made for boys not menIit was plush, so I returned it.  Difficult to tell that from the description and the images.Feels kinda cheap. No holes in the belt to insert the stem of the buckle; so you have to force the stem in between the weaves of the belt to find a hole. It does seem sturdy and doesn't appear to wear down easily. Only positives worth noting.It was to smallThis Trench Coat was too heavy for my needs.  It cannot be used !These shoes are absolutely darling. However, they don't stay on my babies feet for more than a few minutes so he's unable to wear them.The RIGHT shoe fit more narrowly than the left, and it digs into my foot when I'm wearing it.  Cute shoe, but the fit is awkward.Not for bald men!!! It kept falling off!!!!!!It was horrible I mind a well used a sheet off of the Hotels bed. Wasted my moneyThe material of the dress is nice but it's very short and fits much bigger around the back area than I expected.  Also, the vendor deducts money from your return which has to be brought to ups store.  Other vendors offer free returns so shop around so you don't pay to return if it doesn't fit properly.The strap wasn't as long as I thought it would beThe shoes arrived and looked like they had already been usedpoor quality. very poorExtremely large and gaudy.SuckedThe quality of the construction and fabric is very poor. There was a rip in the fabric at the waist.The frame is very cheap. It's like dollar store frames! For this price point, I have found other glasses with higher quality plastic frames. I guess the price is high because of the lens, but still not worth it for me.Gorgeous shoe. But should have sized up and way tooooooo high for work. My ankle is still recovering from 2 weeks agoSent it back because I suppose it would just get worse with wear.These are not leggings. They are tights. In addition, I was unable to get the size M/L over my ankle. I doubt they would even fit my cat. A terrible product.Vionic Women's Action Emerald Lace up ...Size 6.5 B.  Fit my foot just find, but after wearing them, I found that my foot wore blisters in several places from rubbing, Such as my two baby toes and my heal.  I liked that this shoe was very light and I was hoping that they were going to work for my 2 1/2 mile fast walk that I do daily, but they were not comfortable.  The Soles of my feet also cramped up wearing these shoes.  I wish I could have sent them back.  But once you wear them outside, I don't feel that it's right to return them.  These shoes were fine if you wore them around the house or to a friends house, BUT for exercise NO and that is what I needed them for.  Anyway, I would have returned them had they not been worn outside.  So, I have been stuck with a pare of work out shoes that don't work right for my feet.  Hey they are light and could have been comfortable, if it weren't for all the things that it did to my feet.  So, just too stars, did not like them. . .Sorry! :-(I loved the fit, but the shoes discolored after about 2 weeks wear.  A line of discoloration on the toe of the shoe showed up.  I emailed and was told to return them.  I ordered another pair from another vendor, since I am recovering from a broken foot and need the support shoes. So about 5 days after the email I want to return. But, now I cannot return?  The shoes are defective.Although I like the color of this beanie, it is entirely too small. If I want to wear it, I have to bobby pin the back and the sides to my head. Otherwise it just falls off within a few minutesJust a stretchy tankIve picked small and what i got was not small at all in terms of actual size.. i would say it is between medium and large.. very disappointedThese are nice looks wise, but that's it. The top of them roll down continuously and my legs are small. The feet ripped apart of both after 15mins.I have to return mine. I bought 1 for myself and 1 for my mom.  It might just be fine for some women but I usually need a bulkier wallet.  It was just too tight for me.  It was close to impossible to put a credit card in every sleeve. I had to leave one sleeve empty or else I'd run the risk of tearing it or it was simply just not possible. I usually place my checkbook (without the cover) in my wallet.  This wallet did not allow me to do so.  I like the fact that it's leather but because I would have to stretch it just so I can fit everything I need in it and again, run the risk of tearing it.Broke immediately!Fell apart after 3 monthsVery poor quality. The brown coloring began to flake off the 1st time I put it on.I like Dickies, but these are just cut weird. The hip fits, but the waist is 2" too big.Too narrow. Too thin.CAN NOT REPLACE BATTERY IN WATCH ...FORCE YOU TO GO TO WATCHMAKER TO REPAIR ..BUY ANOTHER BRAND OF WATCH ..JUNKShould be called 'Fruit of the Loom WORST Collection'. Not sure if the other positive reviews were from a different batch; but the hoodie I just received is seriously lacking in all areas. With no exaggeration, it's like a cheap t-shirt material hoodie, with an even cheaper faux "fleece-like" stuff on the inside - (it kinda looks & feels like clothes dryer lint). I mean if you want a really, really lightweight; kinda wonky, hoodie - than this is the way to go. It's nothing like the normal pullover hoodies. For the most part it fits okay, but the hood on this thing is ridiculously big as well. It's disproportionate. I really couldn't see this thing lasting for no longer than 2 months at most. Not worth it. I returned it immediately.  I'd give this 0 stars if I could.Not good l don't likeRuns small.After reading reviews stating how large this shoe ran, I ordered a 6.  As a general rule, I wear a 7, but in dress shoes and boots wear a 6 1/2 or a 6.  I do have a very high arch and this shoe feels tight. This shoe is also too short and sadly, I will be returning it.  I ordered this for a trip we are taking soon and I don't know if I can receive a larger pair in time.  I really wanted this shoe as my mother-in-law and both of my sisters-in-law love fitflops.  Their experience has been that the shoe doesn't need breaking in and you can walk all day in them.  Wish it were easier to find them in the store.came on time but was way smaller than discribedThe slide portion of these shoes is not big enough. I almost killed myself trying to use these. I would like to return themWhile these were comfortable, I bought these in February and they were already shredded in April. Super disappointed.This is NOT an xxl size for an adult male!!!
I need to return them when I return from vacation on August 10th.JunkTo small, gave it to my wife.I tried... i really did. My nursing coworkers swear by clogs (both Sanita and Dansko) but everyone said they required a break-in period. I started slow, wearing them around the house for 1-2 hours a day, then progressed to wearing them to 8 hour and then 12 hour shifts and they were NEVER comfortable. I have a high arch, am overweight and self-diagnosed plantar fasciitis (I live in Hawaii and can't wear slippers :( the only thing that works for me is Orthaheel sandals and Asics running shoes).... should have just stuck with my Asics (Gel Nimbus 15 or 16 for anyone who is desperately searching for 12+ hour shoes that are bearable) These NEVER became comfortable and I gave it a month of wearing them every day. On the end of my 12 hour days I would be practically crawling out the door. Yes I had the right size, yes I gradually tried to break them in but sadly they are sitting in the back of my closet (they were a pretty penny I can't bear to throw them away). I figured it might be my weight, maybe after I loose a few pounds I'll try these again because I've heard such good things but for now, no-go.This product came damaged. Attached are the photos. I'm sending back for a refund and I will reorder a new one.These shoes rubbed blisters all over my daughters feet after just an hour of play. Return them. They were Super cute though. Bummer.As stated before, lettering not clear nor large enough to read even when using a magnifing glass.
Design is nice but value is diminished without inscriptionCheep cheep cheep ripped a huge hole in the first five min of wearing themThis robe is not thick at all. Very thin and the material is pretty flimsy. I would not pay more than $10 - $15 for this, tops. For $30 I thought I would get a better robe. For $17 at Walmart I can get a soft thick plushy mens robe in the same camo pattern. much nicer and half the price. I should've bought the one at Walmart.
 Only giving this 2 stars because the camo design is nice. but this robe is nothing like I expectedLooked good for about a week or two. Then, the black paint started coming off the watch case and the leather band began to fall apart and tear.The socks are small and won't stay up. I will only consider wearing half of the socks due to some ridiculous colors. One pair is neon yellow with bright pink stripes...Front design does not match back design returned itProduct came loose in a bag not a Hanes package! Not sure what I got but sure wasn't a package from Hanes. Probably a knock off.Blocks all RFID, even the ones it advertises it doesnt, even from the clear pocket.Cheap quality. ReturnedPretty design but runs really small.Roxy shoes are generally really comfortable, but I'm not sure why they have to make the sizes so big and wide.  Also, the material always stretches out.  I really like their styles/comfort, but I've given up on buying them.  Always a disappointment.it claim "Protective mineral crystal protects watch from scratches",
but it was hurt after a few days i wear itOKThe slippers are very wide!. I normally wear a medium to wide width in shoes. However, my feet kept coming through the front. The style was nice, but I am going to have to return them....can't keep my feet from sliding through the toe opening.Silly, cheap yellow plastic. They may brighten a cloudy day, but they do nothing for night vision. Save your money.Beautiful necklace but very fragile. Ive worn this twice and the layers of beads are starting to fall apart. Very disappointed.Not a good wallet,  Torn fabric where zipper is, after 1 month.The socks themselves are fine, but it says they are size 9-12. They are too small. I have size 12 feet and they do not fit. They got smaller after I washed them as well.coat beautiful, but the quality I did not like. I got a coat with marriage. It a lot of empty seats, without wool.
shabby coat (((I'm very upset purchaseCheap. Fell apart after momentsI'm 5'2" 130lb ordered a medium and the fit is just off.  The top is saggy and if I actually got in the water with this I feel like it would pull down and show off things that need to stay covered!  Where the tight bottom meets the blousen top sucked in and created a very non flattering pooch. So much for concealing my midsection!  It's going back.  It got two stars for the color being nice and vibrant and the fabric was soft but that is where the pros ended.XL is quite smallThey ran un size too small. Dd not fitBeautifully made but undersized and not really double height roominess.Beautiful!!!!Picture didn"t really reflect what you get these were partially shaded I must have misinterpreted  the description.I would definitely say these are not your typical boots.

For starters, they are NOT real leather. Just some fake plastic stuff with bends easily as cloth and would NOT protect your toe from a horse hoof like real leather boots would.

The bottom is simple rubber/plastic material and these would fall apart in the "boots range of work", such as riding.

They were also not the color shown here. Much lighter, like a gross poop almost. Not appealing.

However, if you are looking for an overpriced, one-time-use costume item, here it is.I ordered medium size and they were HUGE
stuck them in a clothing donation box.
Wasted my money.These are beautiful boots!  That said, the calves were VERY large, 18" according to the label.  This was not indicated in the item description or I would never have ordered them.  So if you are interested in these boots, be sure to measure your calves before purchasing.  The calf measurement really should be indicated in the item description.After just 5 days of light use one of the shoe laces started to fray. Fortunately it held until I was able to get a set of rihno laces yo replace them.
Would not buy again.Awful fit for anyone with curves.  Not forgiving.I didn't return these because it was too much hassle but the calves were too small and I couldn't even pull the boots up =\Ripped the first time my husband put in credit card and took out to use it an hour or so later...I got this for Halloween last year and was very disappointed. The sizes run large and I had to get it tailored because they had no sizes smaller than medium when I ordered. The wig doesn't come with the costume, so that was yet another expense. The belt is a poor quality rubber that came distorted and completely useless. Its a flimsy costume and the whole thing cost me more than i really wanted to pay. So, if you get it, prepare to make alterations and buy a wig.stone fell out in a weekVery happy with itemsI like the full sized osprey packs. Shrinking this pack by 2/3 does not make it a good day pack. The waist belt on their big packs can be adjusted for layering, the shrunken version is too short to do so, but is too bulky to fold out of the way. I returned this unfortunate design immediately.SUPER CUTE BUT WAY TOOOOO SMALL!!Giving this a 2 because it smelled like an ash tray when I received it. This is tight/stretchy material, does not fit loosely at all. If you have an average size chest, forget it. The cuts are way to high and your bra will be popping out.The sweater was not true to size listed.  It arrived with no labels. No washing instructions or where it was made or fiber content..  I didn't think that was legal in USI ordered a large, was good but the arms part is too small, and in the picture it looks expencive in person looks so cheap.
my waight is 140 pounds and 1.60 mt.

I have to pay to fix it.I was so excited to get these leggings for my July 4th 10K...I ordered early and here I am, the night before, trying them on only to find 2 holes. One small hole in the crotch and the other on the inside of my left leg. The window to return these pants has closed and there's no time to replace them anyways. Cheaply made (you get what you pay for). On the positive side, these are super soft!Gets rid of minor swirls, hairline scratches and polishes watch overall but does nothing for any big noticeable scratches. A bit overpriced at around $7 bucks a tube and there is 5 grams in weight of product in the tube (about 7 to 10 droplets of liquid). I wouldn't buy again or recommend.I love the design for this dress. It was entirely too small in the chest area for it to be a 2xl. I will have to give this one away.All four snaps on the top flaps have broken and the zipper is also broken.  The boots are poor quality, I am very disappointed, I have worn Bates boots for several years and these boots are going in the trash.Run small
Very smalllOrdered these in two different colors in the same pants in same size and recieved two different sizes! One small one medium.These are not high enough or big enough to go over my calves. I have large calves but not HUGE, so I am disappointed. They slip down and cut my calf in half - not a good look.It's really cute but way too small. Their sizing called it "youth 12," and was largest size available. I expect to receive a child's larger (12-14). This shirt is a youth medium (typically also called 8-10). There is no bigger size available... I hope there's. I charge for return shilling... I feel the size names are deceiving..Only had it a week and one of the stones fell out.I knew the purse would be rather small, however I guess I didn't know how small. This purse is TINY! There's no room for anything, my wallet won't even fit. I've laid the DirecTV remote beside it and as you can see it's longer than the purse.SiZing was too bigThe measurements are wrong.  I ordered a small because that is what the chart said and it was way too small.  I let out all of the laces and still had this problem.I'M 5 FT 3 "  WEIGHT 160 LBS  I AM LARGE BUSTED 38 C BUT HAVE SMALLER HIPS AND LEGS
THIS BARELY FIT MY TORSO (VERY LOW CUT.) AND MOLDED CUPS, WHICH I DON'T NEED.
THE BIGGEST PROBLEM IS THE BUTT AND AROUND THE LEGS WAS WAY TOO LOOSE,.
I GOT XXXL12 - 14  BECAUSE ALL THE REVIEWS SAID IT RUNS REALLY SMALL.
IT IS MADE WELL THAT WAS NO PROBLEM AND THE COLOR (NAVY) IS NICE.
IT JUST DID NOT FIT ME. I SENT IT BACK. THAT IS WHY I ALWAYS USE AMAZON PRIME.
IT IS SO EASY TO RETURNIt is a nice dress. Quality is ok. Looks nothing like the picture though. It made me look bigger in the middle.I recently ordered a pair of ASICS GT-2160,size 8 and after I started to use them I noticed that the right sole is 2-3 mm thicker than the left one.
I went to a shoe shop to rectify the sole but it still feels different!
I wonder if this pair was ever quality controlled ? I am loosing confidence...
Please be cautious with this vendor!
IonI chose these b/c of the quality of other SPY sunglasses I've owned.  These were posted as MADE IN ITALY, and when I received the were labeled MADE IN CHINA.  The company CYA's themselves by e-mailing (in poor grammatical) you that SPY has outsourced to CHINA and the quality's the same.  I had them looked at by a SPY store owner (near Carlsbad) and they called BS on the quality (loose hinges for example).  To top it off, the sender has a 50% repackaging fee if there're any labels of markings on the original packaging and additional 30% restocking fee.  So a $70 purchase dwindles down to about $25 return.  Talk about backing up your own product!  ...Unreal.  Maybe they should mention the part about CHINA...But what the hey, shoulda' known better than to buy cheap.  EAD!After reading reviews that a 3X would fit a 22 in neck, I ordered this shirt in short sleeve & long sleeve. The shirt fits all around but the neck is snug & just buttons up for a tie. My husband is not very comfortable in it but needed to wear it brief for meetings so im not returning it. Other than sizing was off the quality was ok.Flimsy and broke while putting them in my ears. Will not buy earring from amazon again.I scored this jacket in red, for $50 -- not bad for a decent winter jacket. It could use more pockets, but I say that about most jackets I buy. And, really, is it too much for a manufacturer to sew in an interior breast pocket? I appreciate that the two hip pockets zip shut, but I'm still worried my keys/phone will fall out when I'm reaching for my gloves or a doggie poop bag...

But that's me. Overall, I'd give this jacket a good review EXCEPT the item description is a big fat lie. The coat is NOT down. Not partially, even. I don't know how that reviewer saw a feather sticking out of her coat, maybe Tommy Hilfiger has different distributors for this item and some of them are swapping out a lesser-quality coat. Maybe it's an accident, even.

Whatever, the bottom line is that this coat I purchased as a DOWN jacket is 100% polyester fiberfill.

There are three tags on my coat. The one at the neck simply says "Medium" and "Made in China" in several languages. There are two tags at the bottom left-hand corner of the coat that have the following info, also in several languages:

Made in China
Shell 100% nylon
Faux Fur 100% acrylic
Back 100% polyester
Lining 100% polyester
Filling 100% polyester
Exclusive of Decoration

Close all fasteners. In a commercial front loading machine, wash and dry inside out. Wash cold, dark colors separately with mild detergent. No fabric softener. Dry promptly and completely.

(and then website info, phone number, etc)

Nowhere is there ANY reference to down, feathers or any natural materials, actually. This entire coat came outta a laboratory! Again, not a huge issue personally cause I have a parka for really cold weather but still.... "Down" is a big deal when you're looking for a winter coat -- it costs way more than polyester so of course this jacket isn't such a deal when you find out it's all synthetic.

I am really shocked that Amazon would allow a seller to misrepresent their merchandise so flagrantly.

Hopefully, this is just an isolated example cause up till now I've always felt safe ordering thru Amazon. Now I'm wondering if their quality control is slipping. Certainly, I would be feeling way ripped off if I'd been counting on this as my one winter coat and it turned out the "down" part was a total sham.No return if item does not fit.The cut is small. The description is misleading.Daughter ordered and it was not to her likingThe detail of the figures on the agate cameo is fine, exquisite. Beautiful.
But the chain broke within five days. This makes me question the quality of the stone as well as the backing.

I do not recommend this product. Buy from a reputable dealer. Not this cheap knockoff.I have narrow feet, and when I tried them on they, were really tight. I even ordered a med to be safe with the heat.
They were not one bit comfortable.They are very narrow.This is not a hat as it appears in the picture. It is a wrap. It is very pretty and soft, but I was disappointed because I bought it for my mom to wear during her chemotherapy treatment.I'm a 16 on hips, 14 on bust, with a 34G bra, so I bought his in 3X (Asian sizes) which the manufacturer claims should fit most 14-16s.

This was a very mixed bag. The bottom fit me very well, although was only lined in the front portion so looked slightly see through on the behind.

The top was a disaster. I didn't realise until I received this that the top has no clasp or closure, so you have to pull it on like a T shirt, and there's absolutely no way to adjust the fit (on a bikini with a clasp closure, at least you could move the clasp if you needed a slightly tighter fit). The bandeau was massive on me (sits loose enough around my midriff that I could fit both hands in between the fabric and my chest wall), and wasn't that stretchy, so there's no way this would be secure enough to stop one of the girls from starting to slip down if I tried any exercise (like swimming) in this. The cups were absolutely massive. I have quite large breasts (34G) and I think I could have fit both of the girls into one cup. In fact, my head would fit into one cup, and I could wear it as a hat (and yes, I did check!)

Despite the top being too large, it was quite difficult to wriggle into because of the lack of stretch in the fabric, and the fact that the fringe kept getting trapped.

Back it goes.The bed of the show started peeling the 1st and only time worn.cheap and doesn't match the photo.I purchased these for a friend as a gift to wear for graduation.  By the time she received them, tried them and found out they were to small the company refused to let me return them  Now I am stuck with a pair of size 8  shoesVery upset it's not steel boned and that was one of the main selling points for meTo to bigCool design but it started to fade after the second or third wash and its still very stiff. Most of my bandanas ( and I have a lot ) get the comfortable soft feel after I wash them but this one still feels like when it came out of the package, only difference is how badly it faded right away. Would have given it one star but I do really like the designThis was advertised and sold as a "GLASS LENSE"  It is plastice , not what I wanted or not what was advertised!The fit with these is good. They're comfy and compression is just right. Material is pleasant.
The durability is the issue. The waist band has already torn away - a 1-1/2 tear. Probably not too long before separation is far enough around to make them unwearable.
My initial response was 4-5 stars but quality has cut rating in half.The quality is poor.Cute costume for price. Collar is smaller than appears in picture and it runs way small. Definitely order up a size! We could use a size bigger, but won't go through the the hassle of returning and re ordering.Too, too large!I'm 5'1 and 136 pounds. Judging by the reviews I ordered a large and it fit a little loose, but I liked it, so I ordered another one in pink. Although I ordered the exact same size, the pink one is one and a half inches smaller in the waist and actually fits too tight and horrible. This is a hit and miss, cause you cannot even judge by the reviews if one size L is different from another.I appreciated the weave of the cloth, the well-tied tassels and the quick delivery. I didn't like the open product bag, the mothball-ish smell that will require a few washings, and at least five fabric runs/pulls. It's usable, but not optimal; had I seen it, I would not have bought it.

Rather than return, I will note this experience and buy the other shemaghs I want from other sellers.Way too small!  I bought a large and it didn't not even fit my size 2 neice.size was half size smallThese onsies fit like 3-6 months when I ordered 6-9to small and daintyAfter only a few washes the straps broke off.Loops are too small for my ear holes.  I spend 1/2 hr trying to get them on and give up.  the earrings are beautiful.Very small... I wasn't impressed. The colors were dull and the shorts rode up a lot. The bikini top covered nothing.Uncomfortably tight and they roll down at the waistVery thin dress. Even with support garments it shows every bit of roll. I am about 5 feet, 120 lbs, and this dress looks horrible on me. If you are stick thin only, order this dress. If not, consider another, because this dress has no support what so ever.I looked everywhere to find some cute booties, and I was super excited to get these. When they arrived, I was immediately disappointed. Without even putting them on they looked just so LONG. The material quality seemed fine, and the actual foot part fit right. The zipper was incredibly hard to unzip, I almost felt like it would snap off or leave me trapped in the shoe. When I finally got them unzipped,  the top part hit several inches above my ankle bone, which not only made my feet look MASSIVE but also made it painful to walk even one step because it prevented my ankles from bending at all. I had my sister try them on too and she thought they were painful and ugly in person too. I was not expecting this awkward length and unfortunately had to return them.The product doesn't seem to be made well.  Materials seem to be cheap.  The strap is too broad and thick for me.  The watch seems a bit bulky.
I wanted a watch that would stop working if it ever got wet and I liked the different colors.
Disappointed.  My wrist seemed to hurt if I wore it for an extended period of time, so I wore it just occasionally such as when I traveled, in order to safeguard my more expensive watch.  It worked okay for a while, then a button fell out.  The end came when I was wearing it on the beach one day and unexpectedly had a huge wave crash over me.  The watch was wet for just a minute or so, but it fogged up, water got inside and it stopped working.  Save your money, buy a better watch which is truly water resistant.I only received two item so far what happen to the rest? And hat tey were too large, medium size will fit me better.Bought this as a Christmas gift but when they came they were so small I couldn't find the second ear ring in the bag. Needless to say I sent these back.Size conversion provided was off.BEWARE OF RETURNING. It costs $60 to return back to the UK, which is more than the shoes. I'm currently trying to figure out how to get these returned without paying more for shipping than the actual shoes, as they are WAY too big.Had ordered a 36 x 32 but would like to change it to a 34 x 32. Kindly let me know if it is possible.If this can discourage others from wasting their money. Then I'm happy to have helped. The suitcase does not stand, it falls over when full. Maybe that's what they meant when they labeled it " zero gravity". Then the handle jammed after the second use and it is no longer returnable or  usable.The package had two size labels loose in the bag.  While the robe seemed to be of good quality there was no way I can wear it.  Will seek to exchange it.I expected it to look good if not classy! It did not look good at all. Disappointed.I ordered this skirt in a medium and it fit like an extra small.  I had to return it.  After I tried it on, there were wrinkles where it stretched.This shirt didn't fit as I thought it would. It was tighter on the shoulders that I expected it to be while the bottom of the shirt was much looser. It had a somewhat awkward look to it on me.

*I received this product  at a discount for my unbiased reviewI REALLY wanted to like these boots because I've been looking for a cruelty-free substitute for the UGG Cable Knit boots. However, these boots were difficult to get on because the fabric in the calf area seemed so delicate so I had to be really gentle when I slipped them on. Although they looked cute on, I ended up returning them because of this.Was not big enough for me, only fits the number of cards stated if you double up, which it wasn't really designed for. Better off getting a name card holder from ebay if you need to store many cards.They are too big and heavySo I ordered these Oakley's and they get to me within 12-13 hours. Ok great. I go to open ge box, it's sealed. And when I open it, it empty. Nothing but the papers inside. Awesome. Don't buy from sunshade king. CrooksSafety clasp comes undone if you move your wrist the wrong way, it doesn't align properly with the holes if you gently pull on both ends of the braceletBUY SIZE SIZE 3-6 MONTHS 12-18 MONTHS RECEIVED
AMAZON IS GOING COMSTUMBRE THEY CHEAT THEIR BUYERS IS THE SECOND TIME THAT HAPPENS MEWaist feels 2-3 sizes too small.  Fabric is stiff and uncomfortable elsewhere.This bra is very pretty but the cups are too pointy.  Not flattering to me at all!  On its way back.One shirt arrived with a tear near the collar ....see picturethis is not a slouching beanie. The picture is totally irrelevant, I had to run my beanie in boiling water and pull as hard as I could so it would have a better style of fit. It is still tight and I have to constantly pull down the back so I will not become a cone head.Has no arm seam - cannot tell that from the picture --looks sloppy and huge--canot begin to wearThis bra's material is good but it does not offer any support...too much material for yoga, too little support for running -- and I am searching for a running bra.  This is not it.  Going back.very smalll - disappointed for the moneyThis boot did look exactly like photo. Sadly, the box it came in was damaged. It was shipped just in it's actual boot box inside a plastic sleeve covering it, instead of shipping box. The boot itself had several defects and was badly warped and flopped to one side. Visible scuff marks, dirt and inside foot base felt matted and used on one boot. Due to the number of defects and manner of shipping I immediately returned item. I will not be asking for replacement. I can also share, the patent will scuff very easily. It is not the thicker type that holds up. Boot was very good looking. Sad it did not work out.Snag all over the place, not sure where they are coming from.I THOUGHT IT WAS BIGGERWaste of my money.The supplier is fast , the shoe is such that what you see in the picture, I use size 39 and ordered 39/5 and I were perfect, but the right shoe was a little off , did not expect that, I thought the quality it would be better , so I 'm buying shoes here looking for quality and because the situation in my country ( Venezuela ) is not easy! now I have to send it to repair and spend more money.These are not made well. The stitching is uneven compared to each glove. Cheap material. But they did still do the trick. For costume.Looked better online. Wanted to replace an old, similarly styled cheap Casio worn in the yard, cleaning, etc.; but this one looked too much like a watch for a ten year old child.Incredibly uncomfortable. Will rub your toes raw.Way too small. I'm a 38/30. Got a 42/32 and still can't fitThe scarf I received was practically in tatters at the seam. I like the print and the size of the scarf but I shouldn't have to repair something that I haven't worn yet. Thin fabric keeps it wearable most times of the year and it is quite cute but low quality and disappointing.These fell apart the 1st day I wore them.. The inside fell out and caused blisters with the glue inside..Don't buy this it's counterfeitThe lunch box Velcro Brock within the first day. The zip Brock within 3 months of use. Back pack very heavy.Too smallI don't think half of these reviews can be real considering its fits very odd and it's very weirdly designed. it's not crotchless, it has a g string in the front and in the back and it fits lopsided in the crotch area. If you don't buy a lot of lingerie this could be a hit with your significant other but I've bought cheap lingerie that actually fits like it's supposed to.  Probably the worst thing I bought off amazon and I usually leave good reviews. It can probably be fixed if you have a lot of extra time or you can just buy something else.not satisfied at all! First of all it wasn't for girls it was for toddlers and on top of all I was NOT reimbursed the full amount. Although it wasn't my fault i was charged for shipping and handling...Ordered larger than my normal size and it was much too small.  Also I didn't like the feel of the fabric.... it feels like a latex glove.  It is cute and would be nice if a more natural feeling fabric was used, and if it was sized to match the measurements on the size chart.Didn't care for them. Too bulkyI originally bought this exact same shoe in beige (or whatever color they call it).  Those shoes fit wonderfully and are so comfortable.  These exact same shoes in black, though are a bit  smaller. After an hour or so, my toes start to feel cramped.  So, my opinion is that the quality control is not dependable.way small for a 3xI typically wear 11s in other manufacturers shoes. Had 2 pairs of Naot Glaciers that were 45s and were comfortable. These Bjorns are much smaller. Wore them around for a few days thinking they would stretch. Now I'm online looking for shoe stretchers because I won't be able to return. Shoes are tight in the arches. If you buy ones that fit I'm sure you'll find them to be typical Naot quality. Bad review is mostly for sizing.Ordered two umbrellas from ShedRain, this one and a red one - neither opened all the way - the red one wouldn't close either.  In addition, I paid over $8.00 to return it through United States Postal Service which sent it to me - perhaps I misunderstood something, but I thought my postage to and from would be reimbursed.  I received two defective umbrellas and am out over $11.00 in postage - will never buy fromn this seller again - have had nothing but good experiences from Amazon until now.This product is good but not worth the money considering the time one would have to waste to locate a genuine replacement part. This model got discontinued and I am having a tough time locating it's original band/strap. Locating parts of Seiko watches has always been a tiresome task. Most of their dealers push to buy a newer model which makes no sense when the watch is still in good condition.I bought this for my younger cousin who always joked about getting a pair. He loved them but within 1 hour of wearing them, the velcro that holds the drop seat up, tore for no reason at all. Other than that, my cousin said they were comfortable and has since worn them a few times with no problem. Our grandmother stitched up the tear and reinforced the entire velcro strip. Since then they have not torn.I want to like this however the quality is awful. I would send it back if I could find the original packing.The T-strap ripped (came apart) after only 3 months of limited use. Expected a 'Crocs' product to be more reliable vs a cheaper brand sandal. The 30 day return policy window expired. I would expect Crocs to replace these sandals?These are labeled as relaxed fit but fit more like skinny jeans.  I've already washed them all in prep to wear so can't return them but something for other buyers to be aware of.I loved this watch.  Very rugged, and I am outside in water and very active.  Great watch until battery went out.  You cannot put in a new battery unless you tear up the plastic because you cannot put the back on it after taking it off.  Even the lady at the store said this style was a pain to get the back of the watch back on.  This is about my 5th Ironman, but it is a terrible design.  Timex should be ashamed of this product.Arm holes are cut too small. Short straps make it worst.I've bought it before my vacation and because of delivery problem I didn't have time to check the tshirt before and when I used it for the first time I found a big hole in front, it was a hiking day, and used it with the hole now I can't exchange!!! Very expensive tshirt with a hole was very disappointed situationI received the bag quickly, but I returned it immediately because the inside zipper was broken, and the inside pocket was tearing away from its seam.  I also did not like the size, but that was secondary to the disappointment with the quality.  I will not reorder this bag.This is a lovely, well-made, great quality bracelet! It beats out my expectations and I am beyond picky when it comes to items like this. With the pricing as good as it is and the quality excellent, I suggest you buy it while you can - it's not going to be around all that long!
7/26/2015: The Tri-Color does not stand the test of time. Very, very disappointed.Cheap junk. Looks and feels cheap and I will be returning it.Within one washing the elastic around the thigh seam was already gone. They are no longer tight at all on my thighs and do not have any elasticity left. I would not recommend buying these.I wear a size nine in sneakers/casual shoes.  I ordered this as a size 10 (US Men's) and it was still too small.  Also the shoe wasn't what I expected--that may be my fault as I was expecting the sole to have felt and it was rubber.These were really comfortable shoes. They look really nice and fit quite well. However, as other reviewers have said the lacing loops are weak and break. One's already broken and I've only had it for 2 days and I've only been walking occasionally to get food at the store. If they fixed the lacing system, these shoes would be perfect. I ended up donating these since they are basically new except for that one lace loop.These shoes are cute but they are too big and too wide.  Worst: they SMELLED TERRIBLY.  SMELLED OF CHEMICALS. Ugh!I bought a 6E for my son and there is no way these shoes were a 6E.  I returned them but really annoyed I had to pay for shipping.It was the right length, but WAY too narrow.  I couldn't even come close to getting my foot in far enough to get my toe anywhere near the front of the sandal.Really cute but falls apart fast! Buyers beware!wasn't great - turned itThe watch stopped working after only one month.  Replaced the battery ( for $20) and that didn't help either.  Not returnable after 30days.Didn't fit at all. Nice quality shirt just didn't fit and too much of a hassle to return. Expensive shop rags now.No goodWas not what I expected at all. I thought it was 100% Cotton but it isn't which would have been fine but it also has no give in the material. I ordered a size 3X which may as well been a M. I definitely cannot fit close to a 3X but figured it would be if alterations were needed. It really is a cute dress but it has to go back :(hard toe is molded down, rubs knouckle on toe, well constructed, poor design toeToo thick and stiff for my liking.  I also have tiny wrists and had to add extra holes to make it fit.very cute dress, order a size up, did not fit per the size chartI did not like this dress. It was made out of really cheap material and you can see right through it!!!!!!Did not provide any support...It made no difference that I had a bra on.As with the previous review, this shoes runs very small.  I purchases it on a whim, hoping they would be a shoe that I could slip on, and run out the door.  I don't think so now.  I debated whether to return them.Shoes are comfortable and the sale price was amazing BUT I wore the shoes one time and the sole plates started falling off of the bottom of the shoes. Had to super glue them. Not sure I could wear them for running because of the flimsiness of the sole plates. Disappointed.Thought I would like the gold and silver band I didn't plus the color of the face was too dark so I sent it back.Clasp was broken upon delivery. Sent to get repaired. Broke again shortly after. Not worth the cheap priceToo Big! I returned it.
And the seller's service is tooooooooooo bad!I purchased these for a function and were unable to wear them because they broke before I could even put them on my face.I have many of these underware. I had bought them from qvc.  These are not the same quality. They run very big and the elastic parts are not very secure. I probably have 30 pair and these are not as goodthese are not leggings! I'm quite disappointed but I got them at the last minute and had to wear them under a dress. I ordered a small and I thought it was too tight around my belly...anchor is flimsy. I got a better one for 2.00 here on amazon. Come on!The color was beautiful when I put it on, but after washing my hands a few times the "rose' color was gone and I am left with a plain silver band which I could have gotten anywhere.  I kept it because it would have been more of a hassle to send it back.  At least my finger isn't turning green.Did not arrime!?No support ! Felt like I was wearing flip flops- very disappointedThis was so big on me I would recommend ordering at least one size smaller, if not two. Will not purchase Landau scrubs again.My wife was very excited about this shoe;the price was right and the shoe looked great. Big mistake...the first she wore them, walked around the mall for a few hours and the strap broke. This was not fun for her, she had to drag her foot around until she found some replacements.

The first reviewers were correct also when they said that the straps are big as my wife found this also.  She still likes Kenneth Cole REACTION but this particular shoe might have been defective.The crotch ripped out the first time that I wore them.I really wanted to love this shirt. Arrived yesterday.  Going back today.  Should have paid more attention to the reviews.One star for effort.This bra fits smaller than my other Bali bras.Not the colors pictures. Disappointed.To smallThis is very small. The size chart is off. It is very nicely made but the size is so small. This would be a nice work out cincher. My daughter tried this on it was hard for her to get in to it but she got into it she said it helped her back. I did get this to review. All of the writing did come from me and their my honest opinions. I would not recommend this to my family and friends.The look of the watch in the picture is better than the look when you get it. The watch is very dainty and too feminine looking to be a mans watchNice colors but would not buy again. I purchased these to use with my hair net that I have to wear for work. But they are so stretchy and slippery that they slip off my head.I don't know who they're making this bra for, but it wasn't for me. I have HUGE boobs and this thing wouldn't have fit one of them, even though I ordered the size I always wear (38I). I couldn't even guess what size it actually was, other than I know it wasn't my size. Maybe those people who don't have gargantuan breasts will have better luck with this one.Product looks and fits great but unfortunately they fray quickly. The threads started coming out of the red pair the first time we washed them.Shoes were pretty and well made but too tight...narrow.After a few months they start falling apart ( the webbing on the sides and near the toe)I was not fond of these gloves.  They started to pull and the black threading started unraveling after only a day's wear.  I am afraid that after only two wears these will have to be trashed.  Very disappointing as they are really cute.Worn once and tossed to charity.

Pros:
The pocket is great because it fits my iPhone 6 nicely.

Cons:
Not as pictured.  The pants ride up over my belly button.  The bottom does not fit snugly.  The pants also fall down in the stride, which caused some minor chaffing between the thighs.  I'm 5'4 and 123 pounds, size S.Terrible. Bad quality. Does not save space.The shirts smell really bad, so I'm going to return them next week. I'm affraid to wash them to get rid of the smell because I couldn't return them if the smell didn't go awaythey are perfect but the end of these jeans are very wide and it doesn't look cool >_< I will have to return it !!!The glasses are very good, clear, no distortion, huge lenses like IMAX you can barely see the frames in your peripheral vision, very little light seeps in from sides. Good tint, not to dark or light.  However My order from The Green Room, labeled as Amazon Prime also as "free Returns," clearly showed polarized lenses once the item was in the cart. Before the cart, the items are carbonized TLT/polarized, presumably an "option."  Unfortunately, the glasses that arrived were not polarized.  They are kinda blah.  I should have known, as they were only $45, whereas Smith glasses are either plain (strong, quality TLT lenses), polarized, or Chromapop.  I thought I was getting a deal, but I can get quality polarized glasses for under $50, so they are going back.  I failed to see what "Free Returns" meant - I figured if I didn't like I would receive a prepaid shipping label.  Instead, I needed to get "permission", then I got a label that required that I pay the postage.  There is a policy that free returns applies for international orders. Being that the supplier is in California, I will be heading to the post office, paying for postage and proof of delivery insurance.  Not a happy consumer. Also, the frames look comically large on my face, but fit like a glove, nice nose and ear pieces. Would look cool on the right face. Wasn't wowed by the lenses.  Get the Chromapop or polarized if you want spectacular glasses. My last Smith polarized TLT carbonite frames lasted until I crushed them, and they took a beating for years, lots of bike spills, etc... They were more wow-factor than these plain-Jane-lenses.  Smith are durable sunglasses with clear optics, plus you won't be a Ray-ban clone.I bought this hat thinking that it was going like any other adult plush hat in a miniature version intended for a baby, but oh boy how I was wrong!.This hat is so cheaply made, the white fur fell off easily. The inner is rough and itchy, my son could barely stand it. I will recommend a different hat.

I bought it because it was cheap compared to other brand, but I wish I had spend the extra on a higher quality hat.I've had these before, in the past, and they were some of the most comfortable shoes I've put on.  But these...the left shoe was so
tight across the top that I checked to see if they were even both the same size.  I measured them, and from side to side, across the arch of the top, the left shoe was 1/2 inch shorter than the right shoe.  I am going to have to return them.  I know they are leather, but I am not sure they would have ever been able to stretch out enough to be comfortable.  I will try to buy these shoes again, but I guess I will go into a store and try them on.The title of the product says Calvin Klein Men's Underwear Cotton Classics 4 Pack Boxer Briefs. The package only came with 3 pairs. The title and description say two different things.I read the reviews prior to purchase.. Recommended to buy 1/2 size large .. I did. They are a bit large but the width is good. I put additional insoles in to tighten up the size a bit... Just trying to break them in now. Hope they work out!!!So far beyond to small it was truly comical to wear. Ordered an xl and it looked like a medium at best. Guess that's the style from hot topic these days but seriously...

Not returning because of how funny it is that it is so small.This wig looks good at first and all, and you can rock it AS LONG AS THE HAIR LINE IS COVERED. it tangles a ton, and after getting all those tangles out it feels frayed.It fit perfect and was very satisfied the first two days...then I ended up with foot and knee pains!!! I can't give it to someone else for fear of them also getting pains too!! I later reviewed croc slippers online and found out that other people also sustained these pains too!!! I should have done my research first on this product...now Im stuck with two pairs and lost out on $71.00...I couldn't believe this product is so cheap until I received it. It was shipped from Beijing...no wonder it is so cheap. The price is the reflection of the quality. Thin and sounds like a plastic bag. Since i just want to have my bag organized, so it helped a bit.The idea of this shoe is a good one, but, the quality of the shoe is poor.
There is no stability in this shoe, it seems as though the heel will break with the slightest movement...neither does the shoe stay in place, firmly on the foot.  Not a comfortable shoe to wear.I'm not in the glove business, but these are adult-sized gloves, nowhere near what a kid can wear unless he or she is a teenager. They're attractive enough and appear durable, but my kid will have to grow a lot older before he can fit into these buckets. The tag on the product says they're for a child, so the fault is the manufacturer's for mislabeling them and the seller's, to a lesser degree, for not looking at what he's selling.Came with a dead batteryI found these sneaker to be somewhat uncomfortable. after wearing them for a couple of hours my feet hurt sufficiently enough that I had to stop what I was doing to change them off for another sneaker. Would recommend purchasing a wider size.A lot smaller than what I was expecting, and didn't really look like the picture at all. The heads looked more like devil horns rather than two heads.I have had over 20 merrell mocs.  These have some kind of high arch that is around the heel area.  Just wore them Friday and Saturday I had big time pain in my inside of my heels.  Feels swollen and bruised.  Too late to send back.  Never had this problem before.  Now feet hurt to put in my other merrells.  Something is just not right with shoe.  I thought they were knock offs but then I went to a shoe store and low and behold even those have the arches starting in the heel area.  Thought maybe I just had a wierd foot all of a sudden.  Nope - had others try it and they all mentioned that it felt lumpy.  I emailed merrell and all they did was sent me a general form about returning to the merchant or to them if it was defective.  No remedy for the change to the poor design.no very comfortabledid not fit.They were damaged when I received themGorgeous watch, my husband loved it.... until the knob that controls the time literally fell off.  When we tried to use the warranty we were told we'd have to pay almost as much as the watch cost in the first place to have it fixed and he'd be without the watch for months, if it came back at all.  Don't rely on the warranty because you'll be out of luck :(My wife has a very small wrist.  This watch band did not work for her at all.  Band was returned.  It should work fine for a person with a larger wrist.I ordered these for my daughter for track team. They are completely sheer. Don't order if you don't want to see through them.I bought it for my husband  15 days ago .He liked it and it fitted to his face  but he asked me '' Did it used before'' ?? Because the glasses are on the stratch .So I am  very disappointmentI bought these slippers thinking I would have then as a back up pair.... put them in my closet and forgot I had them.  About 6 months ago I remembered and started wearing them every day.  They were great for about 2 months then the outer edge of the sole cracked and broke apart on one slipper.... then the other slipper got a crack on the bottom. Super glue to the rescue but I shouldn't have had this problem at all !!!I'm an 8 1/2, so I ordered an 8...but my feet still clomp when I walk. Don't know if I need a 7 for someone who's an 8 1/2. And I'm loosing weight too for the first time in 7 years, so I don't know how narrow my feet will get. I've worn them two dozen times now. Don't even know where the receipt is. I made a mistake buying the bronte. Oh well.I've had several Timex watches in the past, and have always been more than happy with them. I've liked them better than my more expensive Seiko and Swiss Army watches. This one marks an unpleasant exception to that run. If you're thinking of getting it, you should know that it doesn't come with instructions, and if you look for instructions on the Timex site, you won't find them. Now, granted, who needs instructions for a watch that just has hands and a date? But did I really have to turn the stem more than 250 times to move to the correct date? Some watches have stems with two functions, but I couldn't determine if this one did without forcing the stem harder than I thought safe.

If the date function is important to you (it was a reason I bought the watch) you should know that the date display is extremely small  too small to read without moving your arm back and forth to find a precise focal length. Don't be fooled by the big blow-up picture. It's not that big.

The watch is not made in the USA.These run small and somewhat narrow and even though I bought a half size larger, they didn't fit me and I had to return them.It felt like the shoe dumped me back on my heel too much, and the shoe seemed heavy overall. I did not think that I could get used to these two issues, but the shoes were definitely well made.I ordered this skirt in "Grape" and loved the color as soon as I opened the package. After one wash, however, it turned PINK. Now I have to re-dye it. Additionally, the lining came apart from the waistband in one very gentle washing. The mere weight of the water pulled the fabric apart at the waistband. This skirt gets 1 star because once I mend and re-dye it, it will probably be a nice skirt. I probably would've spent the $15 in fabric if I'd made this myself. I'll be out the cost of the dye, however... so maybe it shouldn't even get that one star.The bracelet was cute, I love the charms. However, a couple of the charms have black spots on them that make it look used.I bought this for a little girl in my wedding and my sister in law also bought what she thought was same dress on amazon. This one however was cheaply made and the lady I had alter it had to do a lot of work to it.The quality was not what I expected and the size was too small so I returned it right away.Very disappointed!  This shoe causes over-supination, which in turn causes joint pain.  The ball area is very tight causing poor circulation and I cannot get the heel area tight enough to keep my heel from slipping.  The sole is quite inflexible for a running shoe which adds to the heel slippage.  The only thing I will give it, is that it is a cool looking shoe.  I'll keep it for a "fashion" shoe as I only paid $44 (I see the price has gone up to $68).Too smallStrap on top loose too big!I purchased these earrings because I wanted a pair of Emerald (May birthstone) earrings. Instead, I received a pair of Garnet (January birthstone) earrings. I thought about returning them to get the correct color, but they were so inexpensive that it would not have been worth it to have them shipped back.i followed your chart for height and weight but the support hose were way to small.Super cute, nice quality fleece pant
but shirt arms too tight and he's a slim 4 year old purchased size 4My dance review is Saturday. I ordered the mediums because the sizing chart on this site says a medium fits a 7-8.5. I am an 8.5. The shoe is to tight/small. While looking on the package(picture below) it says that a medium is a women's 5-7 and a large is 7.5-9. I should have ordered the large but was mislead by the sizing chart that you all listed. It is way off!The front was too tight, and I can imagine the pain of working all day in them. The first time I tried them at night as a sexy surprise for my girlfriend, my crotch hurt before I emerged from the bathroom. The Briefs fit fine, to size, everywhere else...No way to return very small front.scratchy feeling to mesh makes ass itch.customer sretvice is bottom line stinks,not to buy,don't waste you moneryThe wrist band is too small.  Will take it to a local jewler to see if a couple of links can be put in the band.  May have to purchase a leather band.  I like the features of the watch--it just hurts when I wear it.
Lawrence HartonThis tie was huge in person.Way to big for my 2 1/2 year old. Though they are cute, they are not near as soft and bendy as the other sunglasses I've bought him.They're cheap and broke after one use. I mean with the price I guess that's expectedUsed this one time and it snapped off my luggage!  Don't waste your $ on this!  Probably best to have a leather one!The material is fine and the construction quality is fine, but the pockets are not deep enough. An iphone doesn't sit securely in them and very easily falls out any time I sit or am not closely paying attention to it. This inadequacy makes the pants nearly useless.How disappointing! The picture is a serious inflation of the real thing. The boot looks/feels cheap and the vamp is cut so narrow I couldn't even get my foot in the boot- they went back the next day!Backpack started to rip at the top seam after 2 months.  Backpack can't hold up to weight of books for a second grader.Three weeks in and for bed is already crackedThese boots have looks nice. They have a better slip resistance then my Crocs &  Birkenstocks. I'm not sure if I need to break them in or what but my feet have been hurting after wearing them for an hour. And my left boot has an air pocket in the heel or something. Every time I step it makes a wafting noise.

UPDATE: after having it for about a year it started to fall apart on me. the grip on the sole was falling off, there were huge holes on the side of the toes where the seam separated from the shoe. after breaking it in, took me about 2 weeks, it was comfortable. i threw away these shoes but saved the cushions for any future shoes i may buy.They bend too much, pieces don't seem to fit togetherI bought these to go in my Giro Empire SLX. They are not what I was looking for. Be warned they are rubber and cheaply made. Yankz or Lock Laces are a much better ootion if you are looking for elastic laces.it fell apart in 3 weeks of use !!!My son is small for his age, so I knew it would be a little big. My problem with this really cute sweatshirt was that the picture did not line up properly, and one of the ears was sewn on backwards. I was really disappointed.Very unhappy! Bought a pair of these sandals on August 4. Its august 10 & they are already coming apart.Ordered based on the size chart and when I got the cost it was very big. I have to get it alteredThe arch is loose no matter what size I choseThese fit good, just thought the inseam was longer by looking at photo . They roll up when working out.They go above your knees and crease weirdly when bended. I didn't like them.Was smaller than it should have beenMade poorlyUgly metal brand plate in the center section will scratch your treasured items, unless you remove it forcefully.  Once removed, it leaves behind unsightly holes.  Stupid design!My Algeria shoes fit too small. I would like to do an exchange or full refundUtterly disappointed.  Not only it does fit right, it looks worse then my regular bra. Never againPoor quality and Velcro came off with one wash.Maybe it was just my pair but the Velcro started unsticking after wearing these for 2 or 3 days! Huge disappointment as I spent a lot of money on these. They are very comfortable when they are on properly.People are going to think I'm wearing a splint.  This has the hinges in the wrong places.  They should be where the joints, or knuckles are.  Instead, they are on either side, with a solid piece across the knuckle.  The finger can't bend!WAYYYYYYYYY TOOOOOOO BIG!!!!!!  I am a very large man, and I swim in these.  These are for someone with at least a 72" waist...seriously.  I have a 60" waist and they are no where near fitting.I broke three pins sizing my first watch. The forth pin is bent. The sizing tool is made of metal and very sturdy. The pins are very weak and break easily. I will keep this product, it's not even worth my time to send it back. I'm very disappointed.Broke on first use. I guess you get what you paid for.I have bought these panties before and loved them. Then this time I bought the same size (supposedly) and they don't fit well at all -- the ride up on the sides. Very disappointing for such an expensive itemI ordered larger than I thought I would need, and I couldn't even get it over my thighs. I do not have big thighs. Plus the quality seemed very low for the price. The 2 euro pair I bought at Primark was much better quality and fit better. I sent these back.I normally try shoes on before buying but I thought I would take a chance. I previously purchased Bass sandals before and I wear a wide shoe. This shoe was not wide enough and felt like a medium width. So I returned the shoe.Way too small than the picture. Not worth buying.This strap is a great color but the back side is so rough it snags all my clothes! Super disappointed!! How would you soften it up??I received a counterfeit product, but it took me a few days to figure them out. I have bought multiples pairs of Freshly Picked moccasins, and the real ones are very durable and the color holds up well. My baby wore the fakes a couple days and the color rubbed off! I have pictures showing them next to pairs I bought from a store, and the ones received from amazon. Very obvious differences, the fakes were very flat leather, not pebbled leather like the real ones. I sent the fakes back.Cute but VERY see throughWhen I received the sandals, I was very pleased with their look and fit.  As I looked closer however, I noticed that the T-strap going up the middle of the shoe was different on each shoe.  One was of smooth leather; the other appeared to have a alligator-like pattern.  Accordingly, the shoes are being returned.I ordered a medium and it looks like a juniors small. I didn't try it on. I think this sweater was made in China thus the off sizing - returned!Somewhat smallWeird fit. Too short on the back and I don't have a big butt. Too big at front. I was constantly checking if I put it backwards. After a week, threw them away...Made for giants. There's no way this would have ever fit well.my mom is retaining fluid, her legs are not that much  bigger than normal, I ordered these socks because regular socks were making an indentation in her leg which is not good for her circulation. These socks were not that much wider than her regular socks and they still make the indentation on her leg. I bought a white pair and a black pair. I would not buy again for the purpose of needing extra wide.Received these for christmas 2009. By April, the sock lining was ripping and gave me blisters. I contacted Reebok and heard back once from them, stating they would follow up, and never did. I ended up sewing the lining together to make them wearable again. In June, the balance ball popped so now I have a little "whistle" noise when I walk in these shoes and the sock lining is still ripping (except where I sewed them back together). For $100 shoes, I would not expect them to have these problems, but more importantly, the customer service was terrible.I bought this watch thinking that it was "Handcrafted In Switzerland" as they show engraved on the back of the watch in the pictures.
The watch that I received did not say that.
Instead, I received one that had a small gold sticker on the outside packaging that had some interesting scratches across it.
Hmmm.
Upon closer investigation, I saw that the watch was "Made In (communist) china", that someone had tried to scratch out.
The rest of the area around the sticker was not touched, only the sticker. Hmm
This is a case of deliberate false advertisement.
Bait and switch.
$700.00 for a chinese watch? No thanks.They r okRrally bad quality, feels like mesh on your head.This doesn't seem like an original product. The shoe wrinkles straight away.  As soon as you wear them they will look old. Pathetic.defective and had a rubber heel that had a hole in it when i got them but were supper cuteI wanted to give them 5 stars, but as one came to me broken I cannot. The belts are really cute, and the fit is just right. I was unable to use the black one as it came damaged. The snap closure was not attached to the leather behind the bow. I did try on the white one and I loved it! Unfortunately they both came together in a two pack, so I had to return both.No place for check book, small, cheap the front emblem is a little crooked . Ok for the priceHave only used this twice as a carry-on and it has already started to tear along the back seam. The zipper is also slightly off as it seems to get stuck in the same place every time. Let's hope that the warranty will cover this poorly constructed case. Will update when I try to call in the warranty.Wallet did not come with tag attached.
It looks authentic, but the seller stated there would be a tag attached and this one did not.
I bought this as a gift for someone else and feel as though I cannot give it because there is no tag.Got these for my 2 year old son to try along with a few other brands.  These stretched out the most after 1-2 wears.  The waistband is loose and almost baggy on him now.  I did like that the waistband is covered in fabric as opposed to being just elastic.  The fabric is a little rough and my son doesn't like to wear them.Although Champion quality has always been excellent in the past the threads on this shirt were unraveling in the shoulder. Not worth the trouble of returning.Came in extra wide . Right size not availableI guess you get what you pay for.  The shoes ran on the short side but what really disappointed me was the overwhelming fuel like odor that hit me from the minute I opened the box.  When I took the shoes out of the box the shoes still gave off a terrible odor.  I will be sending these back.I was just saying my shoes cost $99 plus tax I like my shoes I'm just wondering why it was a sticker on the bottom of the shoe had $70 on itbought a 3x.. I wear 3x shirts.. this is like a 10x!!way smallit is very large :(Cheap looking and kinda flatThe red is not as bright as the picture portrays. It's more of a dark burgundy or very dark red. It's my fault for ordering them the weekend before Halloween but I have no other choice but to wear them for my costume when the frames are supposed to be the red in the pictureThey did not fit the same, they were small...Don't fit my feet my mama feet is a 11 and it's a bit to big for him tooI was really excited to buy it. But what a disappointment..! Not that small to just carry a few coins and it has an old and used looking rather than girly and cute.I own several pieces of Kenneth Cole jewelry and have always loved the style and quality for the money.  When I spotted this funky bracelet at such a great price I decided to order it.  Unfortunately the clasp does not close tightly and the bracelet kept coming undone as I tried to leave the house.  I did what I could to make adjustments but to no avail.  Sadly, I will be returning the bracelet.I normally wear size 9.5 shoes, but with franchise 7 I learned that I need size 10.5. But with Franchise 8 10.5 is too small. So I exchanged for size 11.5, which is slightly too big. But I'm going to use an insole insert and see how it goes, rather than trying an exchange to size 11. On the positive side, they look good.
Update : after only 11 uses, both left and right shoes are coming apart at the seams. My franchise 7's were much more durable. I will never buy franchise 8's again.Wig was awful! Floppy amd cheap lookingWe didn't like the quality of theseWhen I received the ring it was already broken the colors started to seperate and keeps getting caught on thingsI usually wear show size 7.5 to 8 so I ordered a 7.5. As I walked with it the shoes kept slipping off the back of my feet, although the strap across my foot was quite snug.While the fit is perfect, it is very uncomfortable. The straps in the back are cheap and they feel that way. Cup fits perfectly. Will not purchase again.

I have downgraded my review. I made the mistake of washing them. THEY SHRANK! Thanks.I loved this watch, and the previous one of the same design.  In both cases, the strap caught on something while I was moving my arm, and it broke.  Poor craftsmanship.  So disappointed.  Once I thought was a fluke, twice?It fit but I returned it. I didn't like the weird pointy shape it have me. I'm also not sure how the cotton mixed with sweat would have worked out. My search continues.I didn't like these at all. These are suppose to be full cut but they did not  even come up to my waist, they fit more like bikini style. Not what i expected.Poor quality, several snaps don't work properly.Very big. It was like a dress. Not good sizingNice to wear so I don't mess up my good setMade of spongy materialThey are wide enough, but the toe strap is too short.  It makes getting the flip flop on difficult and it hurts between my toes.

Also, the bed is not as soft as my previous Crocs (which I loved and wore out).  That is important to me because I have heel spurs.

Finally, there is NO arch support.  My old Crocs had some arch support and I need that.
In summary, I really dislike these flip flops.Sunglasses ended up flaking off the paint about a month into wearing them. Definitely wore them less than 10 times, so not too satisfied. Seller completely unresponsive to multiple contact attempts.Stitching on toe came apart after 18 months, they now leak. Returned to Keen who say this is 'normal wear and tear'. Very disappointed, second rate product.  Good hiking shoes shouldn't fall apart after 18 months of light use.it is thickI have never worn the brand Skechers before and liked the look.  I have always been happy with New Balance and Reebok.  The fit on this product was not comfortable and it felt like wearing a cheep pair of bedroom slippers. The thin layer of "memory foam" is useless as it "compacts" and offers no comfort or support.  Also this shoe is made very cheap with no interior lining or padding.  It cost me $17.00 in postage to receive and return this shoe.Too big for my lo.wayyyyy to smal..the size for a 8-9 yr old is way off!Advertised as "Anti-Slip Heel Grip".  Full of lies.  I've been pulling my socks up all morning, and it's only 8 am.  I ordered the ones for shoe size 5-8, so I ordered the correct size since I wear a size 6.  I will be looking for replacements.  I would return but I've already thrown the packages away.I love Warners No Wedgies but never pay that price for one. I will return it.Did not fit right..Too short for big suitcases. Money wasted.West moneyThis breaks after a few wears. In my opinion this is not worth the money. It  breaks really fast. Don't  Buy it.So I was so excited to receive this ring, especially for the price.. and although the ring looks great, it DOES NOT fit properly. The gauge was correct and fit properly, but the actually opening (length between both ends) is extremely to wide and the bad thing is the ring is to hard to try to adjust it and close it yourself. It's not even worth returning, throwing in the trash and going to buy a REAL nose hoop ring..I thought and looks like I ordered a men's 11.
I received a woman's 11I GOT THREE OF THE SAME WATCH. FIRST ONE CAME BROKEN, SECOND ONE BROKE WITHIN A MONTH AND THIRD ONE STOPPED WORKING WITHIN 3 DAYSDress ran small.  I am a true medium and ordered a medium and it was very very tight!I liked this the first time I wore it. I read in the reviews the lace got elastic frays but I thought if I didn't wash it I would be okay to spot clean.
It got put through the wash once and was ruined never to be worn again.This shirt is at least one size too small. Fortunately, when I ordered this, my size was sold out so I ordered a size too big. Even then, it doesn't fit the way I'd like. That material quality is a bit thin and cheap as well. For the price I paid for this, I'm pretty disappointed.The shoes are very low quality. The bottoms are very slick, almost impossible to walk on. I regret this purchase.Did not function as expected. They rolled and slipped. I've already requested a refund and return label.  I was disappointed...Although these are cute, these were huge on me both in length and width.if you have breast larger than a C or small D it will not workGot S for my 14 months old, who wears size 5 or 5.5 wide right now and L for my almost 4 year old, who wears 8.5 or 9.

Initially, they were just using the shoes during daycare splash days and the teachers all liked them...  However, when we took them to a water park and experienced them ourselves, we did not like the shoes at all.

For my 14 months old, she got a wide feet and we find it very difficult to put the shoes on.  Took us a few tries to find ticks to get her feet in without getting her little toe caught and bend backwards, causing her to scream and kick.

My 4 year old shoes was easy to put on but it was a little big. Got about 1 finger size room...

After two days at water park, we find both kids got blisters on their right feet (both right handed kids).  The blisters are in the arch, which is a odd place to get one.

My older one wasn't as bad, probably because her shoes was bigger.  My 14 months old shoes was a good fit, but her blister was a bad one.

I think the shoes are good for 1 to 2 hrs use, maybe to and from the swimming pool but not one that wears while playing in the water.Well.  Back to the Dockers.  I bought the same size as the Dockers and I am swimming in these pants because they are cut too large.  Let's face it, in general clothes are not made for short athletic guys.  When you find something that works, like Dockers, my suggestion is to stick with them.Very cheaply madeI bought this shoe because it looks good, and it does. But this shoe has been designed poorly. Within a month of buying it started to crack where the sole is glued to the top part of the shoe. And I did not even use it for running or any other athletic activity yet. For the money I spent, these are not going to last at all.

Do not buy this, even if it looks good here. Not a functional shoe at all. I am looking to return mine.Cheap plastic stones with scratches.  Should have returned immediately.  Posts bent when received.  Posts were both positioned for left ear. Stone fell out on second wear.  Too late to return.  Very disappointed.The quality is decent. However, I bought this knowing that it would be slightly large (I read the other reviews) normally I wear a medium so I purchased a small, and it is more like wearing an extra large. Definitely buy a few sizes smaller than what you normall would wear.This doesn't hold its shape very well, and I was expecting the creases to hold a lot better than they do.The fabric is rally light which is great, but after a couple hours they are so stretched out from moving and sitting they roll way up your thighs and don't stay down.  I spend 90% of the time wearing these pulling them back down under my skirt, not cute.Did not work and my baby looked extremely uncomfortable.We ordered two of these for our four year old. Plus side: they were very adjustable, kept her pants up well and our child could put them on herself. Downside: one buckle broke within the first six months (when my daughter was putting it on), the second one by twelve months (while I was putting it on her). I would not get again.Ordered the boots before Christmas, just received on Feb 3. Boots are cute, but quality is poor and the chemical smell is overwhelming. I had to sit the outside for 2 days to air outVery scratchy and dug into my skin. Was too busy to process a return in time so lost out on some cash. Glad I ordered a few different brands to find what I liked. JMS has been disappointing as of late with their clothing. Sizes are off and the material is cheap.Haven't even had them a month and the entire side is ripped out!  Only wore them to school and home!Nice stone. ..but not sterling silver as advertised
..small for the size was bought to go over a button up shirti liked the design but it is hard to put on to a tie. i had to slide a tie in to an immobilized clip that so hard to do.
i gave this as a gift and i really hope and pray that he will use it despite of inconvenience.This is the best instance of "you get what you pay for" that I've experienced in a while. These bras are cheaply made, I've tried on three and the straps broke as I was putting them on. I was able to get one on successfully, but the strap broke on that one too and I was in public, that was really embarrassing. The material is stiff and they don't fit. I
bought because I thought I was getting a good deal but now I see why they were so cheap.sent backI have big eyes; so the slits for the eyes are a bit uncomfortable.Way too small. Maybe an XL in womenFirst pair had to be returned because the zipper would not budge.  Second pair we had to apply WD40 in order to get the zippers to work, but at least they worked albeit relcutantly. WD 40 did not help the zipper on the first pair.
My son also complained the the snow packed in the treads so he slipped quite a bit. He came in and took the boots off and put on his old ones.  DO NOT RECOMMENDI got this product it does not fit,  it looks nothing as it is shown and you absolutely can not wear with legginshorrible quality, and I have to pay for return shipping, ( really)? I have to pay money and have nothing to show for the money I am spending, horrible company, horrible product. I will never ever purchase anything again!Needed to punch a hole in the belt as it was a little large. When I did this the face of the belt tore. Laminated leather or boned surface, not good, never happened to a Charhatt belt before. Carhartt's quality is definitely  heading South . Made in China. Carhartt not the company they once  were .Big baggy reminiscent of burlap. Ill fitting. Small useless side pockets. Chinese made garbage.bought as a warehouse deal, arrived broken so I sent it back.This watch looks like I spent two or three hundred dollars on it! My husband was stunned at how beautiful it is. Great gift. Had to YouTube how to take a couple links out because it was larger than he needed, but it's awesome!
Update: Eight months later, with use only on the weekends- the wooden link that connects to the metal fastener has cracked almost all the way through, so that he can't wear it anymore.  Also, I sent a message to the seller two months ago and have never received a response.  Frustrating end to a piece we loved!these bras are pretty awkward. There is a layer of material over the cups which bunches up below the cups. It's about two inches of excess material. The cups are lightly padded and pretty large. Seems to run a little big. Lastly the plastic piece on the straps which is used to adjust the straps keeps sliding down so the straps are always too long. This plastic piece also interferes with the snap to open and close the hooks.The pajama pants arrived with a hole in them.  My daughter picked these out herself and was upset because she thought she picked something broken.  I had to explain product quality to her to help her understand that it wasn't her fault.Not a real sturdy shoe. Comfortable, yes. Doesn't offer much support in the toe area or for the arch. Starting to fall apart (sole delaminating at right ball area) after less then 25 miles of running.
I am used to real trail shoes, I guess, and was definitely disappointed in this "trail" shoe. Really, it's just a light weight running shoe with "trail" tread design - the upper is not a trail shoe and provides minimal support and protection. It is considerably less expensive than other trail shoes I have used, but not worth the savings if it has inferior construction.Second time purchasing.  Ordered a size up based on other reviews, didn't fit, returned order two sizes up and there wasn't much difference between the two and still doesn't fit.  Must be youth sizes.  Shirt looks just like image, but the sizing is way off.TOO HARD TO OPEN THE CLASP, RETURNED FOR FULL REFUNDGot this for my sister and it wasn't try to size."Rustic" turns out to mean that the dark brown finish shreds right off like cheap nail polish, exposing light brown leather in ugly patches.  In fairness, they have a tag that comes in the box that says not to wear them if it is warm or wet out.  While I didn't wear them in the rain, I had purchased them to wear to an event in early October, and it was warmish and dampish when I wore them then.  I asked to return them, and have heard nothing back.

Also the toe box is a little small for me on my right side -- I keep hoping it will stretch, but the reality is it's a relief to take them off my feet each time.

They were pretty out of the package.  And it is just one of my boots that is terrible looking.  Maybe if you keep them in the box to cure for a couple of months the the finish penetrates the leather better.  To me, that's the point at which they should be sold.Lack stability fell apart  Very poor product very disappointedMy size is 7 but the shoes come Too small not fix meOrdered a large and it came the size of a small. It also is a funny material.Very poorly made. I sent back both shorts due to bad craftsmanship. One had pen marks on it and the other had a rip on the bottom.The shoes clean but my box look like it been through world war 1 and 2The soles are stiff as a board and there's not enough room for my toes to spread out properly. I returned these.Looked nothing like it did online. Fabric was inferior and item had a chemical sort of scent  I disposed of the pants and wouldn't order anything from that manufacturer againNot sure what happened but once the ring arrived, the package was infested with ants leaving my mailbox infested.Way too small had to toss them all outWatchzone has a lowest price guarantee so I emailed them asking them to honor this. After 6 days waiting for an answer, I had to email them back asking them to answer my original question. They finally answered and I received this short answer:

"your price match has not been approved, the website for wristwatch is not working.." however everyone else I send this link to (see below) says it works fine.

Since you can't add URL's to reviews, all you need to do is Google Diesel DZ5087 and click the 3rd link from wristwatchking and you will see the link(s) I sent. I sent the link shown on Google as well as the redirected link.

I will not do business with them. Poor service and doesn't honor their guarantee blaming their own ineptitude at following links.This looks like panty hose not tights . I gave it away . Only for size 0,2.
Maybe 4
If you are size 6 , forget itToo small. I'm not satisfied!One of the necklace strands was a different shade of green. They are removable and after removing different color, left a large gap between layers.Ordered a Size 8. Shirt and vest were an 8, pants were a 10. Pants look cheap. Shirt and vest look sharp and we'll mafe.The colors were bright and I like that but the fit was very odd.  It was very puffy and strange looking when I put it on.  I have yet to wear it out anywhere.Pure garbagemalosThe picture of these shoes shows non functional laces, but when I got them in the mail, they had regular laces that you have to tie. Total BS. Same thing happened with another pair of boat shoes, picture showed fixed laces, product that came had laces that tie. DO NOT BELIEVE THE PICTURES!I love the way this suit looks in theory, but the fabric is so thin you can almost see through it.  It provides zero support.  I can wear this at home when swimming alone but could not wear in front of guests.THIS SHIRT IS A RIP OFF!!! The pic shows the graphic taking up the whole front of the shirt and sleeve, when in fact the graphic on the shirt is 4"x 4"!!!! Do not buy from these people! So disappointed!I used to trust in the name Levi's. No more. The fit is just ridiculous on every single style I've tried. I bought the 514 in my waist size but the wrong length. They fit great in the waist but were tight everywhere else. I bought a pair of the 505 because I've worn these in the past. The waist isn't even close to the right size. It's short by about 2 inches. If you're a 36 waist, go for a 38 and they might fit. Better still, don't bother buying these at all. I think the biggest problem is that Levi's (as are other companies) are no longer interested in customers but in profit so they are made in foreign countries where they pay those workers 50 cents an hour (if they're lucky).

I hate to say it but I'm done with Levi's. Too bad. They used to be a good company. Not so much anymore.not as comfortable as I had hoped.Buttons stop working after 12 months. No warranty. It is a hassle to communicate with Suunto. They say online ship it to us, spend $40 buck and then we will tell you what is the problem to fix it. Ridiculous. Not durable at all.I bought these because they were reasonably priced. But, Pants are huge, stiff and did not like the shade of navy. Will be returning them.These are not what is pictured here. They do not have the black loop shown on the belt loop and the pockets were different than pictured/described. They also were much shorter than any of the reviews indicate. I am 6'4" with very long legs, 38" inseem, so I figured if people thought they were to long and listed as a 9" inseem, that they'd be a couple inches above my knee. However, they are midthigh, as in at my fingertips.
The waist however was big, and after reading reviews, I ordered the 38, because I usually wear a 36 until my hip goes wonky, and I needed shorts to wear when my hip turns and the 36's don't work. Thinking, the 36 plenty would accommodate that, and if I wanted everyday, I'd want a 34.
They are great as far as shorts go, but if you want what is seen here, these are not what you want.Bad materialToo smallI am very disappointed the white part is not fur like pictured. it is more like wadded cotton. Also the tail does not stay up and I has not batting or anything it to fill it out. I do not think it is the quality it should be for what I paid.These were not comfortable at all...they hurt my feet so bad and rubbed a raw spot on top of my foot.I opened the anklet up and saw there was a defect with clasp. I tried putting it on and it totally broke. Imy very disappointed in thisWe had these glasses for two weeks.  My son placed his pair in a sack with his clothes.  When he opened the bag, they were snapped in two.  The plastic is not durable.Nothing like it was describeThey sent two elephants facing the same direction. It looks odd when I wear them so I don't. Other than that they are cute.Very disappointed, Only wore sandal for less than an hour and the brown sole part already peeled off.I was super excited opening the package because Sakroots' boots are my favorite rain boots. However, this was the first time I ordered them online, and... there's a huge bubble in the rubber on one of them! Going to replace them, hopefully.This is surprising that there are so many good reviews for them. I ordered them because I saw reviews saying they are comfy. I ordered the black one in 8.5M, which is my normal shoes size. The footbed is really cushioned and seems durable. However, the shape of the footbed might not fit my foot. It feels really uncomfortable when I walk on them and as if there is zero arch support. Also, the leather is really thin. I wanted to get some nice leather shoes but the leather of this pair of shoes really seems not so high quality. The only good thing is that they do look cute. But I am returning because they are so uncomfortable. Maybe good for those who have narrower foot.It came in a very nice box and was wrapped very well.  That is the only good thing that i can say about it.  The loops are not joined together and that make it look very cheep.  If i can return it i will,  it looks tooooooooo cheep.They had a weird fit. Tight and loose at the same time.  Terrible waist.I needed a good walking shoe for summer, for I get too hot in socks and sneakers and my flip flops aren't the best for walking or biking, so I got these. They were the only thing in my size, for I got them in mid July. I instantly regret it though. I couldn't stay in these shoes for 10 minutes without it getting slippery and sweaty on the soles. I tried those soles that you can stick in the shoe for people with foot problems, but it was very oddly shaped so that didn't work. it's OK for short term walking, but other than that, avoid these shoesShirt graphic is okay, but I should have ordered a 2X, because a 3X fits me like a dress. It's hard to know with T-shirts because some will shrink like crazy! Unfortunately, it's been washed, so I can't return it. But the extra cloth makes the graphic look small, and lost in a too-big background.They are not suitable and are at least one size larger than the normal 8 1/2.  I am. to able to wear them.  JaneI have very sensitive eyes.  I was hoping to use these over top of my prescription sunglasses.  I was particularly interested in the way these glasses have frame extensions that appear to be able to cover the gaps above and beside the lenses. They don't fit.  Now... my sunglasses are not small, nor are they huge.  I knew when I ordered these that they may or may not fit.  Then I tried them over my regular glasses, which are small.  These things won't fit over them either!  Either way, they sit about half an inch or more away from my forehead, leaving a big gap, and the extra set of ear "arms" (which research tells me now that they are called "temples") looks pretty lame.  They aren't very dark, just medium shaded. These may be ok for somebody who wants a cheap pair of sunglasses.  And they may fit over somebody else's glasses, but I don't see how.  They totally don't work for me.ORDERED Hideaways by L.B. Evans Men's Marion Moccassin Slipper 11 3 e  RECIEVED 8-9 Regular ..waste of time and money ..  first time buyer  will be my last ...When I first put it on, it was PERFECT! But, throughout the day it was a frustrating nightmare! It bunched up, rode up, twisted almost all the way around, and caused the tank I had over it to get twisted. It was a frustrating day. It did fit well, but it just wouldn't stay in place.I am a 36DDD/E and found my size to be a 3 in the Enell sizing chart. I received this product only to find that it didn't support as well as I thought it would and wasn't tight enough in the straps. The design is also a bit difficult with all the hooks. Returned product.A handle on the pack is damagedThese are not as described. They are a full turtleneck not a mock neck. They are 60% polyester not 100% cotton. The sleeves are way too long compared to the size of the body. These would fit someone who is extremely thin with no arm muscle whatsoever. Will not fit a normally proportioned Caucasian or equivalently proportioned man. You would need arms like an orangutan to comfortably wear these shirts. It seems that the only thing you get with a larger size is longer arms. XXL fits like a large with sleeves that are 4 inches too long. They aren't are great deal when considering all the deficiencies.As most raters have pointed out, this product is dysfunctional at best. Although the microphone is operative, the voice synthesizer will only activate when the microphone is held within one millimeter of the speaker's mouth and the speaker uses a clear broadcaster's voice. The synthesized voice is not amplified, so the speaker's voice drowns out any "voice change." I purchased this product in hopes that it would work adequately for a costume concept, but it is completely useless.This lasted for 30 minutes. I was so excited to wear a backless shirt. 30 min outside and the thing was falling off. Embarrassing and a tragic purchase.Well lined with plenty of pockets, but is very boxy with no shape. From the photo, I thought it would contour to my body somewhat, but no such luck. Would be great if you need a jacket that you can wear lots of layers under.Too big for my head :( had to returnExtremely poor quality material invoice bandthe zipper broke the second day. other wise I would have loved this badI am being generous with two stars. The item seems to be small for the large that it is labeled. Also the screen print is not crisp. Did not realize this is probably a knock off when I ordered or I would not have ordered from this seller.Horrible, cheap, if its cashmere it is a VERY low quality. Did I also mention ugly and once again CHEAP.Fits nothing like the picture. It's also really tacky. The kids version is better made.I thought this was really pretty when I saw it online, but when it arrived, it wasn't so great.  It was a bit cheap looking and not as pictured.  The colors were a little off and it didn't have that soft romantic look I was hoping for.I liked almost everything about this bathing suit, but holy moly there is WAY too much padding in the bra.  I might have to look again, but it seems as though there is not a way to take the padding out at all (I typically do this with all of my suits).  A little bit of padding would have been sufficient, but this just looked silly on me.  I barely fill a B cup, but this made it look like I had Ds.  Will be returning this.This seems to grab and be tight in the legs but not as much in the seat. I thought it would have more give but was not as I thought.Just some background info: I have moderately flat feet, an average instep, average-size ankles for my size (11W) and my shoe size really never varies from brand to brand.  In other words, I've bought lots of different shoes in 11W & never really have fit problems, so I presume I'm lucky and am right in the middle of how an 11W should fit- I never have to size up or down for different brands.  I am also a supinator (the outside of my shoes wear out before the inside tread).  I adore sneakers and they're what I wear a good 95% of the time.

I tried these on when they arrived and the actual fit (length and width) is perfectly fine.  But the comfort was not what I longed for.  I've often sworn off wearing ballet flat-style shoes due to my flat feet, but these got such good reviews overall that I was willing to take a chance.  I was also desperate to find a comfortable shoe that wasn't a sandal or sneaker.  Heels are no longer comfortable because I have both bad knees and a bad back, though I can tolerate low heels for a short time period.  But I really wanted something I could wear all day in comfort for those times when dressing casually wasn't an option.  I've tried quite a few pairs of flats out in the last few years that are dressy without luck.  I'm keeping these, but they required modifications that I'm not happy about having to make.

I wore these just a few minutes before the back-of-the-heel rubbing became unbearable.  So, off I went to buy a pair of heel pads to stick on the back of each shoe.  Luckily, there was enough room in the back of the shoe that I could add those in without affecting the length or width in too negative a way.  Then I realized that these shoes really hurt my arches and made me feel quite unstable in walking.  Once I added in arch support, I felt that unsteadiness disappear, even with the heel padding in securely.  By this point though, I'm irritated, because the add-on's necessary made an already mid-priced shoe more expensive just to be comfortable enough to take out trash or get the mail in.  So I wore them to take out the trash and discovered they rubbed against my pinkie toes uncomfortably!  Sigh.  So much for wearing them with bare feet, as I had hoped I could.  They don't look good with socks, even thin ones.  I'm really not a fan of wearing stockings and none of my other shoes require it to prevent pinkie blisters, but that's what it'll take to make these manageable.  I still wouldn't wear them to walk around school all day long (I'm a full-time college student with quite a hike between buildings each day and a backpack weighed down with what feels like a boulder).  The support just isn't in these shoes to withstand what, for me, is a normal day.  To make a quick trek to the grocery store or to do a few chores around the house, these are okay.  (A younger, thinner woman with normal arches and no back or knee pain could probably wear these all day without much issue, no matter how active she is, to be fair.)

On the plus side, though, I bought these in the tweed color and they are super-cute.  The tweed is black-and-white but the elastic banding is taupe, so these go with just about everything.  Black, brown, khaki, grey, blue jeans- these look pretty good with all of those colors.  The elastic part is nice for making the flats stay on the feet without issue and it's more forgiving if your feet are a little puffy due to water retention or something else that day.

Sorry for the long review, but I feel buyers should have my viewpoint if their feet and expectations are like mine.  For the cost, I expected better of these shoes.  No, they're not top-of-the-line or super high-cost, but they aren't super-cheap, either.  I've had shoes that are $20, needed NO add-ons and were way more comfortable than these.Falls apart after wear it a few timeswhat's plus size about these?  I was looking for wide ankles.
Also, the material is scratchy.Was supposed to be a 3x but was probably a size 12its just ok- IMO the wallet was more tan than lilac and the rest of the reviews are correct- it smells really bad.  I thought I could get past that- but I really couldn't.Great looking sporty aviators. Frame is too delicate.The tee shirt is really cute, but runs extremely small.  I'm waiting to see if it comes back in stock to buy a 5 or 6.DO NOT buy this item! Looks like an old bathrobe or rug- so cheap! I was so disappointed!These are super cute boots. I bought up 1/2 a size and they fit perfectly. However, they were very stiff across the toes where it bends when you walk. Dug into the top of my foot to the point that it hurt and that was just walking around the room when I first got them. I knew they would cause problems long term. I had to return them.I wore these shoes for about 2 weeks to play tennis only.  The arch support in very minimal and my feet ached every time after wearing them.  I have tennis friends who swear by them but for me I need more support.  Going back to ASICSfell apart before I could use them. waste of money.I will never buy another pair of shoes on line.  Nike really lost a customer, going to china for a manufacturer.  I have bought Nike before and been happy.  I think china makes one size and calls it 3-4 sizes.  These are the same size as the last pair and there too big!!My wife loved them, but I'm sure those are not original Ray Ban glasses. The case is softer than the original one and the metal frame feels cheaper and poorly made. 2 stars for the great idea to put a tag on the glasses which will
Make them non-refundable once broken...These boots are cute and comfortable but are not waterproof like they described in the description. It has been 3 months now and the are starting to fall apart. Was hoping for them to at least last the winter.They're great I only wish they had opening on the side to enable me to reach in pockets of my jeansI have an hourglass shape and I'm also tall so many shirts don't fit me well, but for me, this shirt fit horribly.  It was tight in my shoulders and chest but super baggy everywhere else.  It made me look pregnant and frumpy.  Maybe if you're super skinny with no curves or shape, you can order a small and it will look good on you.  Otherwise, I'd take a pass.I have 3 handbags in different sizes that were suppose to be the same material. I was so excited to have a matching wallet for my set, however the color is like a crappy purple with bad quality materials. I really wish I hadn't wasted my money on this.I just bought this necklace for my daughter. Looked so cute yet two days later the sticker decal peeled off. I didn't even notice it was a sticker until it was half gone. How cheap! My daughter was super disappointed. :(The logo on the back of the shoe is different than shown on the picture it's in cursive writing.... and then the logo on the sole of the shoe is shown as the picture overall disappointed in this producthad to return them. but they are amazing shoes run really small..really weird uncomfortable underarm patches....too thick.These are more like legging with thermal lining . Not what I was expecting .The clicker turned green. Kinda gross.The fabric that extends from the base of the shoe does not snug around the ankle, do it looks odd.very uncomfortable in the toe area, like your toes are smashed into it.Yeah, the shirt's ok. But I would have preferred that it be made from actual wolf hair.I brought the black color bra. This bra is not push up which it's a very thin bra. I brought my usual size, but it doesn't fit me either. I choose to return it. The refund was super fast. I got my refund the same day I dropped my return package.NOT GREAT QUALITY SWRONK ON FIRST WASHI love fitflop sandals.  They feel really great on my feet.  The soles of these shoes are great, But the tops of them are very stiff material and not very forgiving, so it makes them uncomfortable to wear, which I'm sad about because I wore them outside and have now decided I don't really like them much.  So I try to suffer through with a couple of bandaids.  I'm sorry i spent so much money and they are this uncomfortable.Delivered damaged, and is needed for a party in 2 days.I decided to return this dress because the material almost look like what my reusable shopping bag was made out of!! And it was waaaaay to big. Would not recommend it. Looked cheap with a very weird fit..looks good but not good fit, heel slips form bootPurse was not sewn or glued at lower corner leaving a good-sized, easily visible hole through which a lot of items normally put in a purse would fall out.  Apparently NO quality control provided by this supplier.  Purse had a mildly unpleasant odor but looked nice, was a good size and color but since the purpose of a purse is to hold things, not to randomly distribute them... Will never purchase a Copi product again and, sadly, will be reluctant to purchase accessories through Amazon after this experience.
The up side - and it really was - was how easy Amazon makes it to return.Much too thin.  Everything is getting cheaper and cheaper.I LOVE this color and pattern, but the billowy material up top was very unflattering for me - added the appearance of many pounds. I'm an hourglass shape, size 10. Very sad to send this back because I love the design of the skirt and the cold shoulder sleeves. But since the top swallowed me, I had to return.I returned this jacket.Didnt lastThese shoes are definitely cut small. I always wear a ladies 12, but no way were these a full 12. They run about a size smaller. Order 1/2 to 1 full size up from your usual size.I DO NOT RECEIVE THE BLACK BLOUSE...  I received a chiffon shirt instead which is quite misleading from the picture.The feet are really weird on these, I didn't like them.These are very poorly made. Wore it one time and the straps broke. I wrote them requesting a refund or replacement and they never did either. Don't was your money.Beautiful bag but the horrible stench it has inside is nauseating. It smells like a fish market.This is not a regular fit.  More like a "trim" fit.  I have a 36" waist and the shirt is too tight.  The cuffs are also too small. I have normal size wrists but I can barely button the cuffs.  Additionally, the neck is a little tight.  I would not order this shirt again.  If it was the normal size, it would have been fine, but I guess someone thought they could save a little bit of money on material.  A shame.They are cheaply made.  I am going to donate them to Goodwill.Very cheaply made.  The zipper broke immediately.  Do not buy.The belt would be good if not for the two metal tabs above and below the belt.  The top one rubs on my belly and leaves me sore at the end of a day.  I'm a skinny guy, but there's no escaping that tab it your pants don't protect you from it.Fur gone much too quickly - within 3 weeks of wear. I only wear these  when I get home from work to make dinner, etc.  For the price of these house shoes and the Ugg name, I expected a better quality product.Words much smaller and not as easy to see as in the picture.Cheap looking purseI washed and dried this shirt 3 times with my normal laundry, like a tee shirt should be, and it fits my 7 year old niece now. It was already tight in the arms and a bit short anyway. I recommend Next Level 6731 triblend tee. It's thinner but is an awesome shirt.This blouse is very pretty and feels soft on your skin as well. But the sizing is smaller than any other Chinese brand blouse. I usually wear size 8 shirt for H and M shirt and Large fir me perfectly for this one. I am 36 around chest.Nothing like purse advertised; cheap materials and poor construction;(This pant was uncomfortable due to weight/thickness of fabric.  In addition, the waistband does not sit at the waist as described. Disappointing.Broke within one day. Awful quality. The umbrella would not even stay open.It's definitely not as pictured. The picture itself on the shirt was incredibly tiny. And the picture showed it to be bigger. Not worth $10. Maybe $7. Huge let down. I'll still wear it since I don't have the money to ship it back but I don't recommend people (especially selenators like me) buy this shirt.Good morning:

I can not answer because The shoes I received are not what you buy, ir instead of from shoes photo I got boots without studs, or something I did not want.  That I can do now?

Thanks
MaraI'm not a fan of Commando's - the limited sizing does not fit all, I wear a size 8 and the S/M are too snug which causes VPL and the M/L are a bit loose and don't stay causing wrinkles and thus are visible under clothing as well! I tried these boyshorts as well as the commando cotton bikini, no luck with either!what the heck?! I bought a size 8- and the calf of the boot will not go over my legs....I have narrow calves to begin with so I don't understand what the problem is. very disappointed :(My husband  loved is old croc slippers- He worn them inside and outside- Had them for years. Purchased new ones for him and the toe area is already scuffed- Disappeared in qualityPersonally, it this luggage shelf did not work for me.  It takes up all/most of space in my carry-on luggage.  It's a great concept, once you are at your hotel and all, but if you're trying to save space while traveling, I'd suggest just using those packing cubes or those "packing folders."  Unless you are using one of the larger-must-be-checked luggage sizes, then I would not recommend this.The feel of the fabric is tragic. I had higher quality footwear during a brief visit to the hospital.I just got it from the mail order XL, but fits like a Large. I Hope Quiksilver fix this messed up thing with sizes. I still got my old tshirts from 2001 and sizes back then aren't the same anymore. if you guys from Quiksilver want to broke your company you are doing a great jobWant a pair of red shoes but these were to tight.  I'm sure it is because of my feet.  Cute shoes wish they had fit.While I love the material of these pants, I was extremely disappointed when after only a few hours of wear on the very first time, the fabric apparently tore at the seam. I didn't feel it happen and the pants were quite loose, I see no reason for this happening except poor quality.Red instead of brown. Searched easily and the zipper inside was not fully attached and not functional.Dress arrived all wrinkled up.  Fabric of very poor quality.Took 3 weeks to receive this bag,it had a terrible scent and poor quality. Two weeks after using it the strap ripped had it professionaly sewn and still ripping apart.bought a Jansen bag to replace this one . the size is good but don't recommend for school books..maybe an overnight bag if you can handle the smell..Makes a jingling noise when you walk. Sounds like my cats collar.The cups started falling apart aft the second day of wearing.  I would not by them again because I feel I did not get enough wear out of them to justify the cost of the item. However, they were pretty comfortable while on. Hurts a bit when taking them off, because they really stick well to the skin.Cheaply made hat, runs small and shoved into a too small box to ship resulting in a deformed hat.Boots were a Christmas gift, unfortunately they did not last two months wear, soles split and cracked on both boots.The top doesnt match the bottom of the box. But other than that I like the ring boxthe sole squeaks!Too small; doesn't adhere well; am disappointed.advertised loose neck, but when it arrived it was as regular tight neck.I had bad luck with this shoes...the leather was not well-cured and since the first time I wear them they start to get white marks in some parts of the shoe (only for walking). They are very comfortable but the appearence is very bad even after I luster them.Swim suit was torn and seems falling apart. They did refund and tell us to keep it but still terrible manufacturingI thought the shirt was cute overall. The top was just made wrong size wise. The top is loose but the bottom of the top is tight. It just causes the shirt to bunch up on top and doesn't allow the neck line to sit relaxed on my shoulders the way the picture looks. The lace was cute for the price. It would have been a great shirt but the fit is just unflattering.The crown of the watch fell off after one week, The watch is also not waterproof but water restistante. It comes with Chinese instructions only. I had it for a week and returned itThe shirt had a hole in the seams on the armit is at least 12 inches too long. im 5 '1 would have been perfect otherwise :(The color is nice but the material is awful. Rough.The logo is tiny, almost invisible.Short and see through. I'm 5'7" so I wasn't expecting length to be an issue. I ordered a size up and it was still too small.First off, this jacket is not worth anywhere near the asking price.  If you let me wear this for a day, and asked me how much I thought it cost, I would've estimated about half the asking price, maybe even less.  That fabric, zippers, etc. are all pretty low quality.

I also struggle to see its functionality.  It's too hot for even light activity if it's above 70F, it's probably too cold for anything below 50F unless you have a long sleeve layer underneath, and the water resistance is more limited than I expected.  It also has a lot of pockets, but I found that most of them are somewhat awkward to access.  Removing the sleeves is easy, but putting them back on is a bit more difficult, and I always had to take the vest off to make sure all the magnets lined up correctly.

For me, this just doesn't prioritize the things I value in a jacket.These fell apart shortly after using them.its size 7.5 even woman size 6 good not put her foot inside its too narrowPoor quality, broke after one wearVery nice, but the top was extremely small. I had to purchase a size large and it only covered half of my breast, so sizing is way off.I bought this bag on the basis of all the positive reviews here and regretted it quickly. When it arrived, I was optimistic that, although the front flap doesn't cover the top zipper and it lacks any horizontal stays, it would work for me. The former proved to be tolerable - rain has not been a problem - but without any horizontal stiffening, it hangs from its strap in such a way as to bunch up; this looks sloppy and stresses the seams. Within a week of getting it, its lining had torn free along one entire side of the front flap. Within a month it was in poorer shape than the bag I had bought it to replace. The second day I had it, the clip for the strap fell apart and the sliding portion came off. I was able to easily snap it back on, but it fell off again soon afterward.

Some of the reviews say that the actual color of the bag is a good deal darker than what appears in the photo, and it would be appropriate for all kinds of situations. Mine arrived in basically the same color as the one in the picture. I was hoping for a bag I could use day to day and take to the courtroom on occasion, but this one definitely doesn't look appropriate for court: I would caution against taking the "briefcase" in the item name too seriously.

One other thing to be aware of is that the pad on the strap is stitched in place: this might be a plus or a minus for you depending on how much you tend to switch your bag from shoulder to shoulder, or from behind you to in front of you.The fabric on the outside of the cups is very delicate. My cat jumped on me and with little effort snagged the fabric. Now the bra looks cheap and trashy without anything over it. And, with a smooth shirt you can see every snagged thread. I only own Bali bras and this is not an issue with any other model.

Before the snagging problem I also noticed that the straps cannot be adjusted short enough for my needs. Granted, I am 5'2", but even the tallest woman couldn't need to adjust it to its longest length. Bad design. One day I would have dragged out the sewing machine and shortened the straps but won't bother now with the snags.

It gets 2 stars because it is comfortable and soft yet still offers as much support as one can expect from a wireless bra.Too bigNot waterproofI am hesitant to say it "fits as expected" when it is a substantially lower rise than the page would lead you to believe.  The jeans are technically a perfect fit, but I'm not a fan of Plumber's butt.  I'm sure younger girls will love them, though.watch face to large, not very comfortable when bending wristShould've gotten a 10They are pretty but  very small. Look more for children than for an adult.This wallet when I recieved it was way bigger then I expected... I should've returned it!  Totally not happy at allllll.watch is too heavy. bought it for my father.I like that the fabric is not thin. The one thing I do not like about them is, right by the tip of the pouch it has started to open up. As in the stitching is coming out and making a hole in the front of the pouch where ur, ahem, sits. I know how to sow but still. Give me at minimum five months before there's wear and tear on them. Will not buy againReally nice quality but way too small... Juniors sizing for sure!Neck line was way too big.  Customer service was terrible.The fit of the blouse is fine. However the quality is shoddy.  The edges on the ruffles is raw (not sewn) and the material is very slinky/sleezy feeling.  I am using it as a pajama top for some extra bottoms I had.  I wouldn't be caught dead wearing this outside. The "necklace" that came with it went into the trash.  It was broken on arrival and looked like something a three year old would wear for dress-up.Too tight in the shoulders. Can't fold my arms across my chest without possibly ripping the back. Sizing should be a bit more precise. Will need to try and sell it to someone smaller than me now and get my money back. I wear an XL in regular Tshirts because I like them loose. I'm 5'7 and about 165 lbs. I figured getting this would be equivalent but I guess I should've went one step larger. If you're broad in the shoulders, go a size larger than normal.They are good quality they simply were not the style of glasses I was really looking for.Even though I was told to expect "possibly different colors" I got a pack that was nothing like the pic shown.  Green stripes all over and that was no what I expected.Weird size and slippery fabric. I can't even wear it because if flies off. Disappointed.this blanket sleeper caught my eye for my grandson but it was not what it turned out to be after getting another one no cape was with the purchases and I  reported it to amazon rep and she took care of it for me  Lawrence guthridge  501 227 0429TextilFirst I'll say the 502 is a great style of which I own 2 pairs. But now to my purchase on Amazon...I buy 32x29 for a more tailored look as opposed to 32x30 which bunches up on top of my shoe (effectively making the tapered look of the 502 pointless). However the 32x29 I was sent is cut at 32x30 (see pic comparing my 32x29 to what I received). I bought them on sale on Prime Day so I cannot exchange for a properly cut pair but only return them and thus losing out on the sale :(. As a life long Levi customer I am very disappointed in Levi's quality control with sizing length. Moral of story: Online is great for convinence but trying the clothes on in store is still your best bet to get the fit your looking for.It said it runs large and I fit in a large fine, so I ordered a medium. And i look like a five year old in this thing lol, the sizes are horribly inaccurate and I'm hoping that it shrinks in my dryer right nowRuns small and very narrow. I didn't get to wear these shoes.Sent a returned, used item even though I paid for new. The neoprene brand showed signs of being worn with marks upon it, the rose gold plated latch at the end of the band had a deep mark/scratch upon it, it appeared the protective plastic was reattached too. I was set on really liking this watch, but it is hard too when you're sent a previously worn and damaged item, even though you paid the new price. Back it goes.Small and hurt the top of my feetNot impressed.  First they used a carrier that took 8 days to finally deliver.  It was way too small and had three dark marks on the airplane..looked like someone ran over it.  I returned it.I bought this based on other reviews that said it didn't roll up.  The first two or three times that I wore it, that was true. I washed on delicate, and I Line dried it, but each time after the first couple of times, I noticed that the legs rolled up. I would not buy this again. That is the most annoying thing when you're wearing this kind of product. I would not recommend it.Wore down quicklynot vintage like the picture, i returned it.Terrible fit, stitching pulled out as soon as my daughter tried it on. Hem was uneven and leg openings were different sizes. Huge waste of money.I love the Kalso Earth Shoe Peace Mary Jane and so I thought I would buy this style (Penchant) because it looked similar.  The Penchant fit in a floppier way at the heel and less comfortably.  I felt very unsupported.  I only tested the shoes out at work and then decided to return them, but I think that if I had worn them longer, they would have rubbed my heel because of the open style in the back of the shoe.  Not a good thing.  I have the 9 in the Peace shoe and it fit like a dream, the Penchant in a 9 seems to run larger.  Or perhaps it just seemed so because you cannot snug it to your foot like the Peace shoe.i don't know that the length is as much of an issue as the width is. It is too wide for my foot. The width is more similar to the clogs than the other Dansko loafers I have owned.Very nice shoe but back strap does not hold and foot constantly slips out. Had to returnThe picture of the model looks great! But when you get the dress, it does not fit as in the picture. The middle section sticks out a lot. Maybe the size was a little big. Many review said to buy larger which I did, but it was true to size. But it should have been longer in the shoulders so that the middle section would fall under the breast. I usually have to shorten the shoulders in most outfits, but this one was the opposite. Also if you are going to the real Octoberfest in Munich, then the material is not as nice as what most people wear. Most aprons are satin.Just like many others have said, the zipper on this bag will eventually fail. Within 4 months of owning it, the zipper just does not work anymore.Not pleaser quality, they were way oversized compared to other pleaser boots I own, I returned them right away.I remember Taupe being fairly dark.  These are like Barely There.  There is no color.  I only opened 1 pack but I assume they are all the same.  Not what I wanted.These boots were perfect for the first two months.  Not as warm as expected on super cold days, but tolerable.  However, they have already fallen apart. I used an industrial glue to try to hold them together to at least finish the winter season, but to no avail.  For the price of these boots, they are an ultimate fail.  Extremely disappointed!I wear Levi 550 jeans, size 38x32.  I figured I'd get a pair in black.  However, they were significantly smaller in the waste than the blue 550's I have been buying.  I re-ordered with a size 40 waste.  I am not sure why it should have cost me $10 to get the right size, since I was relying on the fit that I always purchase.The shirt fit perfect but the pants were too tight.Its alright, wouldnt purchase again. Not what I expected.unable to wear as the rubber odor is just too intense and unpleasantThought it nice at first, but after a little use, it began to tarnish.  Disappointed as it did not last any longer.Loved how they looked. But were to narrow on my bad foot. One fit and felt comfortable. Was really disappointed they didn't work?Too good to be true. Runs very small, very thin material.Cute shoes but was pretty dissapointed with their lack of durability.  The front had a hole worn though with minimal wear.  I would not recommend for active children.These are cute, but not as in love with them as I thought I would be!maybe for a 900 pound personThis was somewhat small.  I have other maxi skirts in XL and they are not as snug as this one.  I am a size 18 and would need the next size up.  However, I'm returning and not reordering due to how thin this fabric is.  Though the fabric was slightly stretched across my hips, you could clearly see the tag when I had it on.  When I held one layer of this skirt up to the light w/o stretching (not wearing) I could clearly see the details of my door . . . like I was looking through dark sunglasses.  I would NOT recommend this skirt as you would have to wear a full length slip underneath.The smell of plastic too strong.awful and cheapyou get what you pay for! these are basically made out of some weird cardboard like material; they literally fell apart after 2 weeks.Fit small and the front is a lot higher than the pic shows. There's no "give" in the fabric. Headpiece is very cute.Nice looking, but after washing my hands and wetting it a little, it became useless.  It stopped working.  Now I might use it as a simple bracelet.  But for that price, I would've rather buy me a hamburger.super small!  could prob fit my 9 yr old nieceway too big and bulky fit.Not great work working around for 8hours while work do it but save yourself the pain and waste of moneyDoes not fit. I ordered it in white and the material looks beige. The g-string is a joke. Dont buyPoorly made.No camera you can't type a messageNOT WHAT IS ADVERTISED!!! I ordered the Hedgehog Kigurumi Cosplay Pajamas, and when I received the product it was a light grey and solid fleece.  The picture shows a brown/grey with a different texture fabric, but that is not what you will receive.
It does fit well and it is warm, but not the look that is shown.Doesn't fit a young kids shoes. I bought them for my 6 year old and they were too big mostly.Didn't fit I ordered up and very tight it was also a lot lighter color than in picture I ordered olive green.RUNS MUCH SMALLER!  The pants are at least 2 sizes smaller than should be.  My sister wears a 1x and the 3x fit her snug. Material is good quality however. Much better quality made than expected, and are very nice & cute.  The only problem I see is the sizing being smaller than stated. I gave it 2 stars only because of the sizing being smaller than normal.  a 3x is more of a XL to 1X.FakeCheap, disappointed.After wearing for the first time one of the over lap plate which covers the silver and black cable was lifted up. I had to return it the next dayAfter 10 months of normal wallet use, the stitching is comming apart.

I like the size and style, wish it was better quality.The watch works pretty well. The problem is the quality of the material! I tried to adjust the strap but when I pulled it (gently) the screw broke. As I cannot change the strap what I have now is na expensive useless watch! I tried to send the fotos but I could not attach them. It is a shame for Sansumg to use material with such a poor quality!Be very careful when purchasing shoes on Amazon.com because they have too restrictive return/exchange policy.  I always use size 9M for Rockport and yet the merchandise I received came it too small - can not even use itHorrible!These are FAKE! I have real TOMS which I purchased from the actual TOMS website and I compared a few things.  First, the sizing was WAY off.  I wear a 7.5 in real TOMS and could barely squeeze my feet into these.  Second, there was visible glue hanging out between the canvas and soles of the shoes.  Authentic TOMS would never have glue hanging out like that.  Third, the stitching was wide, uneven and coming apart.  Finally, if you look inside the shoe where your heel should lie, it says TOMS with a  sign following, real TOMS have TOMS and the  sign following.  These are clearly fake and Amazon has accepted my request to return.  It baffles me as to how this seller is allowed to continue selling these fakes to thousands of people and Amazon is is doing nothing to stop it.I ordered way bigger than I needed and it is so puffy you look like you're obesePoor qualityToo small and it looks funny with the velcro unhooked in the back. Ended up donating it.This boots is all look and no substance !!!!! I was so disappointed with these boots I didn't even bother to send them back !! I just threw them out!!!!I normally buy these knee highs and love them. However, this last order I received was not acceptable. I ordered 2 boxes. Each box has 2 pairs of knee highs. All four pairs had a run in them within the first hour of wearing them. Very disappointing. I'm not sure if I got a bad bunch or they changed the quality of their knee highs.Did not wash well. Fits smaller and is not as soft as I expected. Would not recommend this top to anyone.Non-stretchable, super tight straps. Had to return. Cute though.Not happy with these. I now have to go find another pair of shoes for my baby. Waited an entire month just to find out I have to spend even more money on baby shoes that don't last long to begin with! Super cheaply made no where near as pretty as the picture. Inside is barely together in the middle with I'm guessing glue, we probably won't even use these at all! such a disappointment! Ugh now I have to go find another pair, waste of money and time.Very poorly made, the stencil was an iron on stencil and a poor copy of a copy. It was a  terrible product  not to the Amazon standards and it should be taken off-line .I bought a pair in black and wore them to work. Within 2 hours, the fabric tore in a straight line from the waistband to about mid-thigh on the left back side. Cheap fabric; poorly constructed.They left blisters on my pinkie toe. Extremely tight across toes.  Painful  Super cute but very uncomfortableThe band is slightly large.The bra cups are very stiff. I ordered a 34B ( my cup size) and it was was big. The front sticks out to far inabling you to see down it. I'm unable to return it bc I mistakenly threw away the packing and tags. And wore it once on vacation. Was not pleased with the suite.is a fraud but size is selected nauntomaticamente change to another size much largerThe shoe is not white, it's cream.Top 1-2 sizes small.  Strange since bottoms true to size.The bill on the front of this hat is so far out it looks ridiculous. Could not even wear to work, wouldnt recommend.I have not had these leggings a full month yet and I have casually worn them out one time. They already have a couple small holes in them.BUttons don't close firmly.  I had to cancel them putting some stitches over; and plus that I never use it again; is not confortable at all. A waist of money  :(
Looks nice, but doesn't worth what you pay for it.More of a yellowish colorGreat quality, but the sole is so narrow, it makes for a very awkward fitSort of works, but it's sooooo uncomfortable.I thought these were cute and a good price, but my daughter's only been wearing them for three months and they are falling apart. Now I'm shopping for new ones long before she would have outgrown these. Very disappointing.Picture is very misleading.  Graphic is very small and blurry.While these are great flip flops, they are not the style I ordered and are not as pictured.  I ordered the narrow strap version pictured here and received the wide strapped version.Very small its more like an ankletI bought the exact same jeans in a different color (sky blue) on a size 5 which is what I usually wear. They fit like a glove. My butt looks fabulous. I get compliments every time I wear them. I decided to buy them on yellow so I could wear them for spring and not only were they small to the point they did not fit even though they were the same size but the baby yellow shown on the description turned out to be an ugly mustard color. I had no choice but to return them. I will try a different color since the original pair I bought are my favorite Jean ever.Nose came bent flat and was unusable.Not the right size for meI ordered the Top Moda Night-76 Women's Slouched Under Knee High Flat Boots.  The boots look awesome, are super comfy, and arrived on time; however, I have worn them maybe 10 times and the sole is coming off the boots almost completely.  While these boots aren't super expensive, I expected them to last longer than that.Very tiny for my son. I never used it. LOLThey tore all to pieces in one month.I found the earrings was bent when I received them. However, the quality is not bad.seems like the material should be comfortable, but there's no arch support, leading to inward pronation, and the shoe left a painful bruise on my toe... would not recommenddont workBridge is too narrow.  I do not wear wide width shoes but couldn't even get my foot into these.Too smallthe picture makes them look darker than they really are and the snap broke after the first time trying to unsnapI thought these shoes were cheap because they were discontinuing the product line. Turns out they are made in India with much less quality materials. I am actually in front of the computer at work (mini-break) and the soles of my feet are killing me because the rubber soles are so dense. I am going to try to return these for lack of quality and buy the Made in China version at Macys.Runs small - the person I got it for usually wears an XL or XXL. This was a 3XL and she could barely squeeze into it. It did not look good at all. The materials of this costume were not of good quality. It seemed very cheaply made.I bought this jacket back in April and my son recently had a chance to wear it. I threw it in the wash and the seams on the back on both sides just shredded apart! I really liked this jacket because of the fit and style but am so upset that after one wash, the jacket fell apart! Very disappointed!Pretty design and feel. Bought a size larger and it is still too small.The swim suit arrived earlier than expected but was much smaller than the size indicated. The top piece is definitely not suited for a full figured woman.fit like a large not two xlWTF is this... looks like a crappy tshirtI'm a customer from china,because i used to buy a lot of CK clothesgood quality,so i would like try to buy it at USA AMAZON.
But this is not the same, a bad attempt. Today is cold,so i put on this down jecket. Unfortunately this ck down jecket quality is very  very poor. These stuffed feathers is going out one by one,cause my clothes inside covered with lots feathers,very ugly,very uncomfortable. The down jecket won't wear any more.
I think,this jecket is quality problem, so i want to supply for refund,kindly agree.The product was true to size however as i opened the package the tassels and beading fell to the ground. the item was clearly defective. I also bough the matching top which was also defective as it was torn on the inside. i would not purchase from this seller again.The design of the shirt is great but it was way to small. If you're buying this go up a size or 2 from what you usually wearThe website showed the champion color logo at the top of the sock. The socks that were sent didn't have that color logo.

A grey logo was sent.Let me just say that these are probably my fifth pair of Sock It To Me knee high socks and these are the only ones Ive ever not liked!

Sock It To Me socks are great, but don't get this pair!  Something about the lines of the buildings gets all distorted when you wear them and they kinda don't look like buildings anymore, they don't really look like anything : /  I think it's because the color blocking is veritcal and horizontal.

I do not find them to be too tight at the tops and would recommend their knee high socks in any other design!  So get a different pair, ones with horizontal lines only or their argyle ones are great!Cheaply made and ill fitting.  I will give to a neighbor's child.I bought this exact bikini bottom in blue and it had a black lining inside and I loved it. So much so, I bought it again in white. I had thought since the blue one I bought was lined the white one would be too. It is not. It is absolutely see through. I am so bummed. The fit is great though. Perfect thong bikini.Very nice scarf. Only complaint is that the scarf is not red, white and blue. It is red, blue and grey. It does not match the red, white and blue hat I bought. But I am going to keep it.Had to return because it was to tight and hard to get on.To small gave to my daughter fits her  very  well.The sizing was too small for my girlfriend :/it broke after a week or 2It's too round to help with my loafer style flats.These shoes were very uncomfortable, and went bad in about 3 days.Really pretty and soft, but entirely too small.  These are supposed to be plus but the elastic band must be a regular size. Very disappointing.Wallet stitching fell apart in less then 2 monthsThese are men's shoes size 7 they are a full size too huge!!I ordered this for my 11 month old little girl who weighs 21 lbs and is average size, in a size 18 months.  The neckline is fine, but the arms are soooo tight, it was awful.  I would have returned it, but my husband and I had to carefully cut the arms to get it off of her. I cannot recommend this one, they are supposed to be snug, but this one is just made cheaply frankly.These shoes are totally useless!  The strap across your toes is so tight and extremely uncomfortable.  I waited too long, 30 days plus 2 weeks, to return them, so now I will just donate them.  Brand new!  What a waste!!Waaaaaaaaay to big. Maybe they're marked wrong? Like gigantic. Going to return.This sandal is beautiful. I really would have liked to have kept it for my 5-year-old daughter. I checked Stride Rite's website for their sizing guide and measured my daughter's feet to be sure of the size. The first pair we received was marked as size 1 on the box, but the sandals were marked as size 1.5 and were too big. Amazon promptly exchanged those for another pair of size 1's. Those came in the mail even faster than the first pair, but they were also too big, despite having followed Stride Rite's own sizing recommendations. Returned those for a refund because amazon didn't offer another opportunity to exchange for a different size.It's ok, definitely not worth it's price, very ruff material, the shirt gave me a rash, Bought these in the summer of 2013 and with the brutal winter months, have put a few trial miles on them so figured it was time to report. This is the 3rd pair of Sorel's I have had in the past 30 some years. Always like them and the quality was impeccable. Not sure where they are made now but the good old days appear to be gone. As stated elsewhere, they do run a bit big. I got a size 10 for my 11 feet. Not a big deal.

Warm: I wore them to the Winter Classic at UofM stadium. Given that it was below zero and we were just sitting watching the hockey game, they were pretty warm. Did end up putting a few hot packs down them, but no complaint. They will keep you warm

Dry: Here is my BIG complaint. Now that we are having a freeze / thaw cycle almost every other day,  have been working in puddles just a few inches deep. Not deep enough to soak the uppers, just enough to get to the bottom (rubber) half. Much to my dismay the left boot has a leak in the toe area. No such problem with the right boot. I can see where the sole / rubber section is not bonded in one location but that is 1/2 way to the heel section, not in the toe. Dont know why its leaking there. I had a little bit of So Seal (Good stuff) and used it all up  hoping that i sealed the leak. No such luck. Now I need to get another jar of the Sno Seal & seal it up big time. Dont think it will work in the unbonded section is. Think I will try & melt / fuse the area together before I Sno Seal it. When these go, will probably look a bit deeper before I purchase another pair of Sorel. Maybe they can move production to Rhodesia and get cheaper labor next time around....I was looking for a Christmas morning outfit for my 7 month old. I'm very disappointed. The shirt came with almost all of the glitter missing. Although the outfit came with a tag, it looked used.Paper thinIt is too large and it not good quality .i have never bought an item on Amazon like this one. Poor quality i hate it .this is not my expectations. I'am so disappointed.very cute - but not comfy. Need gel inserts, upside they are big enough to fit the inserts.My first day wearing these they messed up I had only worn them once and the led only showed on the back half of one shoe and the other worked fine but then did the same as the other and now they don't light up at all, I've tried charging them but doesn't work I did not return because they are still okay shoes without the led but would be so much better if they didn't break from one useHi dear AMAZON.I am very disappointed about the product . I ordered this product Fruit Of The Loom Big Boys'10 Pair Crew Socks, White, Shoe Size 3 - 9 made in Mexico and I received a different kind of socks made in China and very poor quality . I say again I am very very disappointed because I ordered these socks for my son and we chose a good quality .Too small.I am 95 lbs and 5"1" and the fit was fairly loose, not fitted, more like boyfriend jeans.Too Mach expensive.Poor quality. I'm using it as a window valance.The material that makes up this shoe is too cheap, and doesn't give at all. Therefore the fit is somewhat small and uncomfortable.great product, hasn't faded, still shiney.  love working with these beads.  use thema s spacers and makes bracelet look even more stunning.Poor quality necklace.I ordered an XL and received what appeared to be a Small. The package said XL but there was no way it was an XL sized item unless it was a youth and not an adult like I ordered. I returned the item and asked for a refund. I fell in love with the picture of the dress just wished the item was sized appropriately.  The return process through Amazon went smoothly.Stones are dull. Not a great product, but should have known better since these earrings were pretty cheap.Very stiff and uncomfortable, not attractive.Not what I expectedNot comfortable.  I wear 7.5, ordered 8.  Put on  and backing under lacing and seams was very uncomfortable. Seemed short, even tho I ordered up.They were not easy to put on and they're not for anyone who's 5' and under that only weights 95 lbs. They smelt very musty and gave me funky reactions.wore twice and one of the zippers broke and could not be fixed. They had to be thrown away. Very disappointed!Not well pleased I only recieved 1 necklace 1 ring was missing 2 small pearls and 1 large pearl. A nother ring was missing a large diamond like stone it was mostly earrings.I received the product promptly however, the clasp on one of the ear rings arrived defective. It would not stay clasped. I tired to fix it but lost the ear ring the next day. $20 dollars wasted.I had to send back .. One lense was broken ... Once I get my money back I will purchase another pair .. Until then still waitingCute style but doesn't fit like I thought. Kills my toes, can't even wear them.How can I  return it for a larger one don't fit at allMaterial a bit itchy, wouldn't purchase a second timeSame clog different sizeNot true to size and not easy to get on. The zipper is difficult to pull because the tongue doe not allow for complete closure. I am a size 9D and I purchase a 10 and it is still a little tight.Terrible. Hate is in accurate and it is longer than normal tongue retainers. The flat disc bottom also makes for a great edge to tear up the bottom of ur mouth... I would recommend buyers find somewhere else to purchase retainers. I was very disappointed.The latch won't hold closed so the bracelet is useless.I was wearing a 3X, I ordered a 5X when it came, I tried it on I could not even get it to button. To be clear the 3X did button but this new one not even close.The jacket has arrived with a fault in a seam. disappointedCheaply madeCostume was good quality, fit is as expected-but the helmet was NOT in the package.Arch support in left shoe was defective! Sent back!The first day that I put a pair on, they ran, with a huge run down the entire leg. Not a well made product.Very disappointed.  The picture shows the two rings flush against each other.  The two rings I received do not sit next to each otherI own a pair of these pants in a different color. I love them and they fit perfectly. These were cut completely different the legs were loose in the waist was way too tight. I ordered another pair from a different source. The legs fit but again the waist  was even smaller. I love Columbia gear but seems they should have better quality control with their sizing . I would like to order another pair but I don't think I want to take a chance.  Ip'm tired of shipping things back.I've been a Sketchers fan for over 10 years, and this just isn't the quality that I've come to expect.  I purchased these shoes in the Spring, and they were initially comfortable.  As the weather started getting warmer, I found that the memory foam insoles squished too much as I walked, so I put the shoes away until this winter.  Now that I've put a few months of wear into them, the insole has torn where my big toe normally sits, and the sides of the shoes are starting to lose their shape.  Any other pair of Sketchers that I've had lasted over a year of regular wear.Just ok my daughter wouldn't wear it, not even because it was too large but the sequins are under the arm and hurt her.Zippers break way too easilyLook cheap and run smallRuns 1 to 2 sizes too small.The wristband has fallen off twice without hitting anything and now the second hand fell off. Total garbage. The return policy is only good for 30 days. Now I have to go through the manufacturer. I had to send one back previously.Don't wash them with your other cami's... The straps will rip or the seam will split in the rinse cycle.Today received this watch.
On the cover of the traces of rust!
Immediately fell one of chronograph button  with a spring.
Accuracy is not tested because the clock is not suitable for use(
Very dissatisfied with the purchase!
It's 100% not exactly Swiss quality!Not as expected - returned promptly.To small, ordered 2XL and still to small, must be an Asian size.BAD QUALITY AND VERY HARD IT IS BROKEN IN THE FIRST WEEK TO USE NO RECOMENDEDJUNK!!! DO NOT BUY. ITEM IS NOT WHAT WAS IN THE PICTURE. THEY SHOW LARGE SILVER BUTTONS MAKING IT LOOK CLASSY. INSTEAD THEY REALLY HAVE TINY CHEAP WHITE BUTTONS AND RUBBER BANDS HOLDING IT TOGETHER. ALSO I BOUGHT THE COLOR WHITE AND RECIEVED A WHITE YELLOW COLOR AGAIN MAKING IT LOOK CHEAP. VERY DISSATISFIED. HERE ARE PICTURESBought this bag to take all our beach essentials with us...pulled it out of the box and saw the front pocket wasn't even attached all the way. One side was sewen to the handle, like its suppose to be, the other side of the pocket wasn't attached at all. Dont have enough time between now and when we leave for vacay, to return it, so I guess I will keep it, but that sucks. It does hold a ton and its only the front small pocket, but would have a good spot to put our phones or something small. Oh well. :(I need to have a label to ship back....The seams in the pouch area came apart on the first few pairs I wore. I have bought other products from them but these were not good.the zippers get stuck between material, seriously not recommended..Not comfortable. Was stiff and bottom felt hard. Returned it.This is great quality and size, both the pendant and the chain. Would be perfect it didn't have nipples. I don't think my mom would appreciate being put into an angel with boobs. I thought it was maybe just a glitch in one, but I ordered 2 and they both had them. The image doesn't show them, but when I got the package it was clearly noticeable.I like the look of the Fye Veronica style, nice leather, color etc. but the toe box in this style is so narrow and low, it's torture to wear them for any length of time.  I owned a pair of the knee high Veronica slouch boots and had the same problem that wearing or professional stretching could not fix. Because  of the pain they inflicted, I gave them away after hardly wearing them at all, but thought I'd try the 6" high version in a half size larger. Same problem of being extremely narrow and tight even with a nylon sock on. If you have a narrow foot and want to give them a shot, at the very least order a half size bigger than  your usual size, a full size if you have a normal foot. I don't dare to even try another size at this point.I bought this product last month, but when I tried it on the other day, I got blisters on the back of my left foot because the shoe kept rubbing against my foot. The material on the pulltab area of the shoe was very stiff and felt like there was cardboard in it. In the end, that part of my foot started bleeding. It only helped a little when I put on two bandaids on the backs of my feet to stop the rubbing of the shoe against the back of my feet. Althought it looks nice and classy, I would not buy these shoes again.I ordered the wrong size by accident but they are very cute shoes.  I had to send these back thoughVery poor quality but good enough for a one time use.too small, gave it to my brotherthe Wrap fit very small I thought the size was one size fit all does fit if you are a size 14.Very disappointed in these flip flops I bought for my 10 y/o daughter-- I bought her the BIG KIDS 4/5 and they were so small that her heel was hanging off-- in any other flip flop she's a 4/5- thank goodness that Amazon lets you Return for FREE or I would be not a happy shopper- I'm convinced that somehow the tag and the bottom of the flip flop was marked wrong-- I wesr REEF flip flops and practically live in them all summer ( they are so comfortable- I've never had to go up a size in that brand) anyway.....they were adorable it's a shame they were way off in size and had to be returned!Feels very cheap.Very small and both the calf and the foot opening. I will have to return and purchase a different pair. Couldn't even get my foot in! Also not as tall as I would like.thought they would have been darker redI LOOOVE this shirt...but i ordered it in red and found a hole across the chest so I sent it back. I ordered it in black and the very first time I wore it, someone pointed out a hole in the back that I never would have seen. I didn't catch it on anything and its not really sew-able....so disappointing. I am not sure I'll risk ordering another :(If you don't know your size exactly. Then don't do itPoor workmanship in the sewing. Areas have lose threading which will open up very soon.The hat says xxl, it fits more like a large. I have other flex fit hats the same size that fit fine. This one runs smallThe cups were to small and close together for me.  I was wearing the 28DD Deco half-cup that they are no longer making.  It was my perfect fit.  Unfortunately, I have yet to find a good replacement.What a disappointment! There's this elastic that goes around the ankles in this thing that are insane tight on a baby's legs! Who let this through product testing?? Also, the cotton is rough as hell on a baby's skin and our other onesie ripped at the foot within minutes. Cheap trash, which is not what I'm used to from Burt's Bees.Arrived with an unfinished seam. See photo. I fixed it myself, but still annoying and could have been worse if I didn't inspect it first.
Other than that, it's a great fit, very unique style, and such comfortable material. I would consider buying another in a different color.Too expensive for what it is. Thought it would be much sturdier - looks like something you'd get at he dollar store. Clasp is very flimsy and mine was broken on arrival.This shoes are too big for the size that they are advertise. So you should buy 1 number smaller so they fit on you.Medium were too small...sent back for a large and they were too large.  No other size in between.Waste of $5..Sizing is not correct.My little one just turned three and is still wearing mainly size 2T in clothes. I ordered the 3T in hopes that it might fit for more than just the summer, but it was far too tight. Plus, it fit so that there was about an inch of room between the end of the shirt and the bottoms rather than an overlap to protect her from the sun. This is going back.I saw comments mentioning the fitting runs small so I ordered a size x large mind you I wear a size 10 in slacks and I have thick thighs and behind. I received the shipping faster than I thought but the garment was way too small it looked and felt like a medium possibly a small. After I struggled to put them on I did see a difference in the lift and definition of my butt. X large wouldn't work for a thicker woman.Cheap lookingif you have disposable income this is for you..It was a bit too tight to get around my head or maybe my head was too big for it..  But i'm sure I'll be able to find someone that can use it..It broke the first day I received it, and by no means am I rough on my jewelry, but it shouldn't break that easily.As warned the sizing was very tricky.  I am 5'9 and usually wear an 8-10 sized pants.  I bought an extra large and they were plenty long but HUGE in most everywhere else, like wouldn't stay up.  The pants are a great quality, and I am debating putting out the $ to get them tailored as apposed to the shipping back hassle and at least the tailoring would at least guarantee a usable pair of pants at the conclusion.  The good part is these pants are what I'm looking for, rugged cargo pants with pockets I can actually USE.These are SOOOOO cheap, yes, I know, I purchased inexpensive shoes, the quality looked better in the photos. I don't buy expensive shoes for my one year old because he is growing very quickly and he will only be wearing them for a few months anyways. When I opened the bag, the glue was showing from the sole of the shoe and was coming apart from the base. I figured, what the heck, they're $8, he can tear them up outside.... My little guy wore them for less than an hour and they are fell apart and look horrible. ......lesson learned, I'll be sticking to TJ Maxx or Ross for my inexpensive shoe buying.nice looking watch with face ascrew a tad. would not get another.This suit was cheaply made.  It was way too short and the arms were long.  It wasn't porportinate at all and was a waste of money.Very comfortable thought robe was great till first wash. Wife made me throw it away as it left little red fuse balls all over the houseSaid it was a men's shirt.  Got it today and it's definitely a woman's tshirt way to small for my husband.  Quality of the shirt is good.  Just wrong sizing information.This was a fairly nice slipper for the 4 months it lasted.  The sole, not along the seam, but right in the middle, ripped right through.  I was expecting a product that would last MUCH longer, and am very disappointed.it was to small for my stuffnoneI wear wool socks throughout the winters.  They have been purchased from many retailers and come from a variety of manufacturers.  Based on this experience, and the feel and warmth of these socks I don't believe they could have more than 10% wool.Unacceptably poor quality. The bottom part is warped so it won't sit flat on a table. The top cover is also warped and doesn't fit well to the bottom. If you really need this item then spend the money to buy Bergeon. All three items received have the exact same problems described.I did not like them! They broke the first night I used them! Very poor quality! Also, the were too long for meto small not up to old guys rule standerdsOrdered a half size up and it fits well. The shape of the sole is different from a pair I bought a few years back and it has not as much cushion as my old pair. Kind of disappointing.what the heck, there's a hole in the bottom.Too small to slouch very well and is very itchy, even after being washed.I ordered a pair of these shoes a couple months ago.  They came from amazon with a heavy smell of vinegar inside of them (not foot odor, vinegar).  I wasn't sure whether or not the smell was going to go away.

I returned these shoes and ordered another pair.  The new pair also had a vinegar smell, but not nearly as heavy.  I decided that the smell would probably go away after a couple wears and I gave them a shot.

THE SMELL DOES NOT GO AWAY.

Ecco makes great looking & fitting shoes (make sure you order a half size smaller than what you normally wear) & I own 4 pairs of them.  But Amazon really screwed me over with these.  Sitting at my desk typing this review I can smell a faint smell of vinegar.  I can wear these shoes to work, but forget about wearing them out on a date.  That could be disastrous...

Bottom line, remember that if you get shoes that smell like vinegar, send them back.  If that wasn't obvious to you already!The glasses were beant why I got themIf you're a smaller guy (5'7", 150lbs), it'll look frumpy on the sides.Mine also fell apart after a few months normal wear at an office job. cheap leather split and shredded, soles came apart, velcro won't hold. Also feels like the rubber is cheap blown rubber with lots of air in it, feels good for a few weeks but soon compresses to flat and hard.  Won't buy New Balance again. I hope this decision to make cheaper products and cash in on their name bites them in the a*(&&s.These are nice glasses.  I can see clearly through them.  The only thing that would make them even better would be spring hinges.
I have ordered glasses directly from EyeBuyExpress for my mom, who needs a really strong strength.  They were sent promptly and worked for her.

UPDATE:  Five months after purchasing these, the left lense popped out due to a crack on the top of the glasses.  I am careful to take care of my glasses and have two other plastic pair that are still wearable after five years, though I did pay more money for them.  I guess I should have considered other reviews with the same complaint before ordering these. I contacted the seller but was told this was normal wear and tear.  I will not order these again.Way too small I had to return itI bought the chain on 6/28 and not even a month into the purchase my entire neck broke out from this chain. This is why I am giving a 1 starTo small  it said  it was a large  but it was more like an extra smallThis dress was purchased as a change of outfit on a wedding day. It fit pretty larger and a little frumpy. This one went back.My shoe size is  10.5 and all of my shoes are in that size. But this shoe will not go on my foot. Als the quality is very low. The stitching is very lite ,the leather is very very thin, the sole and welt very light and of flimsy construction. The lining is plastic. Summarising, it represents a desperate attempt by the Chinese to make a good looking but inexpensive item for the world market. I would never by another Golden fox shoe. I will give these to the goodwill. There crapThe color is nice,but dosen't fit right.  To large in the neck area so it hangs open...need to make the neck area tighter.front too narrowI bought this for my child who is in middle school, and she loves the features and its nooks and crannies for storing stuff.  She has a textbook, binder, and reading book that she brings to and from school every day. Under that load, the main compartment zipper-closure breaks about 3 times a week, requiring her hold it closed. She has grown increasingly frustrated with the backpack and asked me to purchase a new one, but I told her that she would need to wait until we can afford another one.

The backpack would be great for lighter loads, but it's features (sternum strap) seems like it should be built for the weight load for which my child uses it.Don't waste your money....the passport sleeve will not fit a US Passport.For some reason the left boot fits tighter than the right.  It is like its a half size to small.  Gets pretty uncomfortable after wearing them all day.  I have buying work boots for over 20 years and have never had this problem, so I  know its not me.  Been wearing them for a couple months now and they are not getting any better.  Also, the stitching is already starting to pull loose, so I do not think they will last much longer..  Maybe a good thing.
Probably would not buy them again.Says it holds 10 cards... not a chance.The shoes are adorable. I like the styles however, I bought two sizes 40 and 41 both are a little bit small. The sizing is off.This shoe runs small. I usually wear an 8B and I ordered an 81/2, which fit my foot in length. I liked how the shoe looked. My main disappointment was the insole. I bought this shoe thinking it would have the Vionic Orthoheel footbed which is great for my feet and heel spurs. This shoe has a removable insole so if you have orthotics, you could put them in it. Otherwise, the insole is poorly constructed as far as arch support. It lifted my heel and I didn't feel any support in the arch area. I had doubts that the insole would last very long since the quality was not as good as the ones you buy over the counter like Dr. Scholls. I returned the shoes.Complete knock off and doesnt fit not even close not even 1 star garbageIt sucks! I've tried to contact the seller to get a refund because mine split in various places just a few days after I received it and before it was washed. It is CRAP I wouldn't waste my money again.This is a very small hammer to expensive for its sizeI purchased these in my usual size, but they were at least a size bigger. I would recommend sizing down. N.B. I purchased from ShoeMilan. WARNING: DO NOT do business with these people, notwithstanding the number of positive reviews they have, which were probably left by their friends. Their business practices are dishonest and unethical and they are the most horrible retailer to deal with. If there's a problem with a purchase, good luck. They have been reported to the CA Attorney General as well as other consumer agencies. Buyer Beware.I don't like. It's bigger .I though I was buying a new wallet for my son and I was so disappointed when I received the wallet and notice the conditions... It looks like it was used instead of new Also it was set and dirty...The material is good but the fitting is very bad in the waist area. It kind of hangs there and has not shape at all. I I wear size medium and ordered one but id not like the way it is very loose at  the waist. Returned.One star because option is not to give negative stars. I gave this to my gf and we were both very disappointed. It's an awesome gift idea but made like something you would get from a gumball machine. Very very very cheaply made. It won't last a month of wear. On top of the cardboard box it was placed in? And I had to put it together.Arms way to small. Tight on shouldersNot the Champion underwear I remember. The waist band consistently rolls up. The legs ride up. they stretch out by the end of the day. I have never experienced any of these problems before. Either these are counterfeit or Champion has gone down hill. They quality is way off from the others I have purchased in the past! Will not buy again!Not good quality. I used only a few times and Now the gold goes black! My ear is blackShould've ordered a size up, it's cute but run very smallI think these earrings look very cheap.  I know I only paid 20 dollars for them but I think they should cost 5 dollars.  This is the first time I have been very disappointed with something I brought from Amazon.  Very very disappointing.The face of this watch is perfect for the child who is learning to tell time. The band on this watch is so poorly made however, that the child will not be able to wear it long enough to learn anything before it breaks! I ordered this watch for my daughter. She wore it for less than a week when the rubber around the band pins ripped. She was not rough on the watch in any way. Very disappointed in the quality.This picture shows pastel colors, but when I got them most were dark. I'm allergic to dark colors, or anything with blue coloring in in them. Gave them to a friend. Definitely false advertising, since colors aren't at all what I expected. Buyer beward.Granted I did order a size too small and had to return it.  The fabric is unbelievably cheap and itchy.  I know these kind of outfits don't stay on for long, but I couldn't stand more than 30 seconds in it.  The top piece was too short to even cover my butt (I am only 5'0") and the wrap/apron piece didn't covered a 8" part of my crotch.  Even one size bigger and this would've been a disaster.  I was lucky to be able to mail it back and get something much better quality from Zoogster.  If you are set on this be warned they change a 20% restocking fee if you don't exchange it.These socks did not hold up well. Just after a few washing a they began to have holes in the soles.FIRST OF ALL, THIS COMPANY SENT ME THE WRONG BELT.  IT WAS A PLAIN, NOT TO MENTION BROKEN, BLACK LEATHER BELT.  NOT THE ONE IN THE PICTURE!  SECOND, THE COMPANY DIDN'T SEND AN INVOICE WITH THIS PRODUCT SO I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE A PHONE NUMBER TO CALL, NOR DID I HAVE A RETURN ADDRESS OF PROOF OF A PURCHASE!  THIS SELLER IS A JOKE IF YOU ASK ME, AND SHOULDN'T BE ALLOWED TO SELL THINGS ON AMAZON.COM.  BUYERS BEWARE!!!After one wash the padding bunched up.The material is a limping & lifeless strap. The buckle is like sheet metal. Does not give a good feel. The whole thing feels more like a packaging strap, rather than a golfer's belt.My granddaughter wears a size 6 but they are not true to size. They were way too small. Sending it back!!Poor, poor quality.  The belt and hat weren't big enough for my average size 2 and a half year old.  The pants were HUGE and the top and boots terribly constructed.  Wouldn't have bought this if I had seen it in person before buying.The sole separated from the shoe after one year. Poor. UubIt's comftortable enough to wear, but the clasp failed within a week so I'll have to fix it with glue.To smallI'm a barista and usually work 6-8 hours a day on my feet. After a month these shoes started to fall apart. Usually Skechers last me 2-3 years, but a month?? I tried fixing them, but nothing worked. A barista friend of mine had the same problem with these shoes. I wouldn't ever buy this style again.The I wear a 6 1/2 and  ordered a  7 to allow room for socks.
Other 7's fit fine.  I could not get these on due to the thick fleecy interior.
They will be returned.The heel is very comfortable . It runs true to the size but it hurt my toes because it is hard at the front of the shoeI used one of my purse holders for the second time, my purse fell on the floor because the backing came unglued from the stone....so sad!Nice bag but the clasp won't stay shut.It was a very cute outfit. Unfortunately the pants were too big and the shirt sleeves were short. I should have sent it back.It's not the same what it shows on the picTerrible. Only been used a few weeks for my sons preschool bag, and the zipper has broken beyond repair. I do not recommend. And it is hard to fit a folder by itself in it. Pointless.You can't tell from the picture but it's thinner than typical belts. If you are looking for a normal sized belt don't buy this.I had high hopes for these shoes, but ha to return them. My two outside toes wouldn't even fit inside the lower strap and I ordered wide size! Hope they work better for someone else.bought it for my wife and the size chart is way off... Its beautiful and the fabric is nice... Its just not sized as advertised...They were too small. I had to return them. :(I bought these as a cheap alternative to Uggs but was disappointed, they were too small even though the size was labeled as a 7 which is what all of my other shoes are. Also the boot part was very snug. Overall they just weren't what I was expecting.Not anything like I thought its horribleThe arms are super tight. Otherwise nice. Recommend sizing up on this oneI'm a lil disappointedLove the blouse, I ordered an XL because of what the reviews said, but it was still too little.When its package arrived, I actually thought it was a shirt I had ordered because its box was so small and light.  What I found inside was the most incredibly thinnest polyester material I have ever seen.  I ordered Gray and because the pants are so thin, they are almost see-through.  If you order this, do so only in the color Black.  Obviously, I returned it.The leg bands are really tight, and they don't have much elasticity.Size for 3x is actually about a 1x.  Imprint appears faded and does not resemble picture at all. Poorest product I've seen from Amazon.  Shirt is very low quality.poor quality did not hold upThe right shoe feels defective and I can not figure out who to contact.These shoes are horrible, I've been wearing converse for years and I wanted to try this new design but I will return it ASAP. The inside of the shoe is so LOW thanks to removable insole which is more than 1/4 inch thick and it makes the shoe impossible to wear. It CRAZY tight, Stay away! Hopefully converse will do something about it.This is the first pair of Clark shoes/sandals that I found not to be true to size. I returned them.  However, they are cute!It was really short. Especially with a large baby belly. Not impressed.It's niceI bought a size 38c  The breast size was about a B cup. do not recommendThe rubber band literally tore the 3rd day of using it. Awful quality and very difficult getting cards out. I only carried 7 cards in it too.It took over a month to get it and I normally wear a large and ordered a 3x and it was way to smallIt's made out of cheep material and it smelt badly. I didn't like it, ended up giving it to a friend.It is not as bright and fresh as it appears in the picture. The material is of bad quality. I bought this as a gift for someone, but I am thinking of returning it. The package for this tie was shipped form China. And there is stupid tag behind the tie that says "Kiss ties". It's not gift material  and even for personal use, I wouldn't recommend such a dull color.Too large. Replace with a Seiko from Amazon.I love the style and color and was so looking forward to wearing these.  They run small and were very uncomfortable to try on.  They are stiff and the leather is hard so there's not much give.  I was very disappointed.this ring looks great but its greatest flaw is the fade out, the finish just dosent last my fianc wasn't wearing it for more than 3 months. this is just a disappointingI didn't receive a 4 pack, we got a three pack.OKReturned.  This was TINY!I bought this backpack for my daughter at college. She used it one day and the straps broke. Quality is very poor.Shoe was great until I wore it one morning in wet grass (dew not rain).  2 days later, I tried wearing them and they had shrunk.  Can't believe it. How does that happen?I am very disappointed with this shirt. I ordered a youth large shirt for my 10 year old son and received an adult large. The shirt took over 6 weeks to arrive and the print on the shirt is very faded and not even white. The shirt is poor quality and print is bad. Very disappointed. I wouldn't even give it 1 star but I had to to create the review.Felt too thick and tight.This is a beautiful color, however, after reading all the sizing mechenations, I ended up with something big enough for both my husband and myself to fit in, simultaneously!!!!  IF they would get the sizing correct, it would be great!hi you have made a mistake, you sent me 2xl size exept of xl , I'm very very dissatisfied... bad serviceI bought this for my mother-in-law for her birthday.  I'm glad I opened the box to look at the necklace before I gave it to her.  The necklace is very cheap looking and not very well made (company is based in Hong Kong).  Don't waste your time or money!!Trash trash trash NOT WORTH THE POSTAGE or your time.This necklace does not look like the picture in any way shape or form?I usually wear a size 9.5-10 wide. I have fairly flat, wide feet. Because of this, I struggle to find boots that fit me. Combined with calves that are around 22 inches in diameter, I have to find extra-extra-wide calf boots. I kept hearing that the Arait Fatbaby boots would fit. These did not. I couldn't even get my feet in past the shaft. It was way too narrow. Sadly, I returned these and will have to keep searching. These were gorgeously pretty boots, though.

I ended up going to a local store and got the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Justin-Boots-Women-s-Gypsy-Collection-8-34-Steel-Toe/dp/B00UBNFWHM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Justin Boots Women's Gypsy Collection 8" Steel Toe</a>&nbsp;is a size 10 and they fit me perfectly. The regular, non-steel toed ones did not fit. Hopefully, if I need another pair in the future, they will still fit. I do a lot of field work in Florida (working around farm equipment, walking and working around research farms/commercial grower fields, in tomatoes/cucurbits/strawberries/etc) and so far the Justin boots are working great for me.Not what I thought it would beI am a firefighter and need a good watch that I can time CPR cycles with.  I was also looking for one with tritium hands and second hand since holding a flashlight to the watch in low light conditions is difficult while doing chest compressions.  Enter the TruGlo Denali.  Looks good, bright, colorful.  Unfortunately, I had trouble right out of the box.

First, the watch didn't keep very good time at first.  This became less of a problem after 2 weeks or so.
Second, the watch crown has a tendency to back itself out unless screwed in very tightly.  I tightened it as far as I was comfortable, and it still works its way loose every 2 weeks or so meaning that I have to continually re-tighten it.  This may have caused or contributed to the first problem.
Finally, after 5 months the second hand fell off and bound up the hour and minute hands.  Now I have to warranty the watch back to Rhode Island from Seattle Washington, paying shipping both ways.

This watch looks nice and has a lot going for it if all you're going to do is set it on the shelf and admire it.  Otherwise, I would look elsewhere for a watch.

Addendum 6/12/2013:  I have since dealt with the "customer service" representative at Compeve.com.  Please read my feedback on this company in the "feedback" section.

Addendum 5/1/14: Watch stopped dead, and I had the battery replaced.  The jeweler told me that the interior workings of the watch were shorting out the batteries!  So I contacted compeve who passed the buck to Truglo who then refused to warranty the watch.  I'm left wondering what a guy needs to pay to get a decent watch?  Maybe I'll just use my phone.Too small and poor materialWay to small for me.I honestly WOULD NOT reccommend. Two very viable quarter sized holes on each side of suit when opened. Bought for camping trip and could not use, very disappointed!This is the same handle as my wife's Venus razor, but the cartridges are not as good as hers.  With the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Gillette-Venus-Olay-Women-s-Razor-Blade-Refills-3-Count/dp/B0072KNPKI/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Gillette Venus & Olay Women's Razor Blade Refills 3 Count</a>, she gets five blades, not three, and there's whole lot of skin lotion on there to deal with skin irritation.

It does have more manly colors.

The best deals for cartridges for her razor are generally found at a Warehouse store on sale.  When that happens, she stocks up!I had high hopes for this onesie , however the size small is unfortunately too big for a 6 foot tall, 30 inch waisted individual , and the button snaps in the crotch are cheap and ripped out of the fabric after a few uses , would not buy again .Nice looking and good quality -- but a little too small to hold US currency. That's the deal-breaker.I bought this watch about a year ago. When I got it I was happy with it and wore it all the time. Three months into owning the watch, the crystal face of the watch cracked. To this day I don't know how this happened. I put the watch away and didn't wear it for several months. Recently I decided to try and get the crystal repaired. My first thought was to send it back to Invicta, but they want over $28 for shipping plus whatever the cost of repairs are for the watch, which would most likely end up to be more than the watch itself. Also, upon researching Invicta online, I found that there were many complaints on Invicta's customer service: how they will not return calls and its very, very hard to talk to an actual person about your problem; even unreturned watches and watches returned without repair.

As a result. I decided to take the watch to a jeweler's workbench, however they wanted $60-70 to repair the watch, more than what I paid for it, as they would have to order a new crystal with a magnifying element for the date on the face of the watch. The watch still keeps good time, only loosing about a minute or two a month, but the materials appear to be of shoddy work, even for a $50 watch. Buying one of these watches is a gamble. Should it need repair, the best choice would be to buy a new watch as repairs would be at least the cost of a new one anyway. I would not buy from Invicta again, as it seems that even their high-end watches are plagued by breakdowns according to the reviews I found online.theare shoes are ok, only they are very narrow.  otherwise fine.We returned this product. We received different colors from the pictures. The bandanas were pretty large, however they were very cheap. The normal paisley pattern was all messed up. The bottom corners said "100% cotton, made in India."

These just weren't good.Came with a small hole that shows  the fraying of the hat. Need quality control to check the products. I love Neff hats but this is not the quality that NEFF does.This is the third time I have purchased these earrings.  The first two times they were great, and did not bother my ears at all.  Although they look the same, this time I felt pain and swelling the moment I put them in my ears.  Very disappointed in the change in quality.The color of these shoes are exactly what I was looking for, but I was disappointed in the quality of these shoes, especially considering they are Hush Puppies. Sent them back, because it did not seem like the padding on the in sole would last long and there didn't seem to be enough room to add an extra.These don't fit any of my men's size 12 boots. Maybe they work fine on smaller boots but they should list sizing.they look super cute. ordered for a gift for my mom, but she never got them..Product image is misleading. The front design is not nearly as shirt fitting but much much smaller. And also isn't a print, but almost looks like it was spray painted on. I'll still wear it. Just wasn't the quality I was expecting.Very cute, but the plastic is very hard, so it rubs on my pinky toes and hurts like crazy . I wear them when I'm going to be sitting somewhere for the whole dayTurned colors after a dayShoe was shipped quickly and looks great that's why I'm graciously giving two stars. Shoe was misrepresented. It was listed as all terrain ..trail..dirt..concrete..wet..dry...that it had good traction. I love the look..BUT it is the Worst Traction running shoe I have ever purchased!!!! Bought these and was so excited to receive them. When they arrived I was interrupted in my schedule and was not able to try them out. So when I returned home and tried them out the first time I almost fell on my face...thought it was just something I stepped on. Next time .. it happened again. After close inspection I realized the sole of shoe was not as represented and is a harder finish like plastic and was slippery on several surfaces. I don't think I have ever given a product review of 2 stars before. Hopefully this saves someone from falling.These shoes were way too tight for me to use.  I got an approval to return but the package was 'Returned to Sender' without explanation.  Total waste of money.  Grrrrr....I got these as a gift and the bow on one of them wasn't even attached. I have since glued both of them back on and now they are better. They are difficult to get on as they are not very flexible, but the length is true to size. I do get compliments on them, and they are cute, but definitely not worth $40 after shipping.ehIt's design doesn't allow it to dangle well. It kind of sticks out in a unusual way. The chain that holds the dragonfly should be a little longer.Like many others, the top sewn seam around the toe vamp burst open after just a few times wearing. Otherwise the shoe appears well built with leather and sole that would wear well. Good materials but something went wrong on the assembly line in China with this shoe.I wish the slippers were sized in at least small, medium and large.As with most T-shirts these shirts are not sized for an averaged height man. I am 6'2" tall and have never had to order a T-shirt in a tall size before. As you go up in size, the length of these shirts doesn't seem to change. They get wider but not longer. It's so frustrating! I would recommend an XL Tall if you are 6'2" and are an average weight of 215lbs. Otherwise the regular XL's will look like you are wearing a belly shirt from the 80's.They have a unusual smell after they are washedThis is a ridiculously small item and the 3XXL is barely a normal size small in women's sizing .  The lace was not bad and it was meant for a costume but does not fit anyone.I bought this shoe and sent it to my friend to bring me, but when it arrived, the box did not have the laces inside. And now?I bought this as a nursing shirt.  It's huge! Might have worked well as a pregnancy top, but post pregnancy, I feel like I'm wearing a mumu for obese people.I ordered the same size I've always ordered for my husband and they were too large in the XL size.  They have printed right on the box that they have "improved" the overshoe by making it wider and taller but now they are oversized for normal work shoes.  Bought the Large size instead but overshoe still looks like "clown" shoes now.  Not very pleased with new configuration.Did not like at all!my daughter went to zip this bag for the first time and it broke she never got to use it!As most have stated these are very rigid shoes that tore the skin. Cant break in a shoe you cant wear.The dress is lined with black fabric only on the bodice, not the skirt. I think the makers were taking short cuts on quality.I ordered a 10 and they fit my brothers gf who is an 8The socks kept rolling down my thigh so I suggest only skinny ladies can pull these offFit is just ODD. small thru the arms/chest and OK thru the mid section. Length was just right for me.The purse has an odor that is musky and mildew smelling. I could smell the order when I received the package at the post office. Put the package in my car while I grocery shopped..it stunk up my new car..I had to air the car out..the odor was so bad..it would take your breath...I put a half of a box of baking soda inside the purse and zipped it up then placed the purse in a small garbage bad for 2 weeks..some of the odor left the purse..but not all of it..don't know if I will ever be able to use it or not..and I've had the purse for almost 2 months!This bow looks great, and shoots the arrows impressively far, but it broke after only 5-6 shots. My son was so excited to get it, and I felt so bad for him when it broke so quickly. Returning. VERY disappointed.The smell was strong out of the box. I wore them a day later even though they still smelled. When I took them off, my legs smelled like the chemical so I had to take a shower to get off the smell. I washed the leggings thinking that would help, but they still smell so I am sending them back. I got a pair for Christmas and I loved them because they feel really cozy and not abrasive, but that pair had a hole in them so they got sent back to the store. I was excited to get this pair, but the smell is out of this world. It's a chemical smell the likes of which makes you think that if you inhale it for more than 60 seconds you would be incurring some serious brain damage. I am so curious as to what chemical(s) could make the leggings smell the way they do.

The leggings are great just don't get them from Amazon.Sizing chart is very inaccurate, super bummed because its cute
beware material is very thin and see through as well.product exploded in the box, i love Shea moisture , but the wash was halfway gone when i received ithate the quality its to big for a big head the material is really cheap . i don't recommended .needs a button or zipper at top to get on. unless your hips are the same width as your shoulder, you won't be getting this up.Definitely isn't a dress (barely long enough to be a regular shirt). Color is different than pictured. Took 2 months to get and had an odd smell when it finally did come.  Don't know how I didn't see the reviews before I bought.Nothing wrong with these except they are tiny.  My kid wears a 4t in everything else, but these barely cover her belly button.This was not designed for folks with locks.Unfortunately the heel slit just over a week! I wore them everyday to break them in.I order a small. But what I got wasn't a small it was like a large. It was way to big for me.This suitcase does not have a strong enough frame to support the wheels when you pack it with clothes the frame does not stay Square and the wheels do not stay flat at the frame this causes the wheels to slightly misaligned and they are not level so they do not stay on access thus the suitcase does not roll straight ever it's a terrible design flaw I hope I can get my money back because we bought the suitcase a long time ago and did not use it until just this monthnot as expected,, color not as "black" but washed out blackish kind,,These are ridiculously short.too heavyI did not like this piece at all. It says stainless, yet it irritated my skin horribly, which I have never had happen with stainless.
It is also quite long compared to my other 3/8 rings. Last, the prongs are long and catch on everything. Waste of money for me but that does not mean it's not good for others.Kind of long.  Fit well and look ok.These shoes appear more like a man's shoe with a heel added to the back. I have a hard time wearing them because of the color inconsistency.  Not as comfortable as I would have like becaue they are a little stiff, however once they are on they do stay on. I would not rebuy them.Item received not the same as the product picture.too small/tight.The pair I received were made in Vietnam, not China as stated in the description (I have a pair made in China and I am happy with them). Very poor quality- stiff and thin (I don't even know if they are real leather)  Not what I expect from the Dr. Martens name. I am returning them.Put my credit cards and Drivers License in the slot then tried to put 2 twentys in and it came apart from the frame.  The doggie is very cute and so is the wallet but to keep it intact you can't put anything in it other that maybe 1 drivers license and 1 card....otherwise as soon as you snap it shut it comes loose from the frame.The paint on the belt is chipped! Not satisfied at all. Even though it came in a timely manner, I would've rather waited for one that wasn't chipped. Probably won't order from them again  in less they make this rightLove the shoe but it is too small on the toe area.  I will be returning it.  I will probably look into getting the slippers instead.It does not have a cover on the center, leaving socks the only barrier.
I buy size 8 shoes and I bought a 8.9 only to find it too small. Seller refused to replace.Was somewhat smallOne of the prongs that secure around the finger is cracked. I'm really bummed out about that broken already  Very cheap qualityI brought Dog Collar Rechargeable and Rainproof 300 yd Remote Dog Training Shock Collar Remote Dog on December 28, 2016. We have a puppy who was on training. The collar work fine at first. We even was able to take the puppy on vacation with us. It stop working around June :( . I had to buy a barking collar which that was another expense :( . I try recharging it but nothing work. Not happy at all. And to top it off your product was highly commandment by our friend who have a puppy too.Sizing was accurate however they were way too narrow. My son doesn't even have a wide foot. Had to return.Consider these disposable because they probably won't last more than a night or two.  I expected vinyl but instead these have a very soft plastic exterior.This dress was too large and will be returning.  The last dress I ordered was very cute. Sad this one didn't work outTwo arrived broken.  Don't waste your money.The black washes into the white collar and it turned grey. So It's unwearable now. The zipper in the back also hurts my spine after a while.Baggy long big.. just ewwit dosent fit as expected. not able to wear this item. its nice quality, but wrong fitCute but WAAAY too small.  At least a full size smaller than marked.Lost side adjustment after just some weeks.This is really warm which is not what I was going for but if you need to stay warm, it'd work for that. I just got way too hot in it.These shoes were a bit wide for a "narrow" size, but still cute. They have some arch support and are cushy.  I can count the number of times I have worn them on both hands, yet they broke today while I was away from home.  This is not a cheap shoe, but clearly it is cheaply made.  The strap that holds a ring which keeps the strap across the shoe broke at the point of the stitching.  This does not look like something that could be repaired.  I will not buy Aravon shoes again and am hesitant to purchase shoes from Amazon as well.JUNK!!!!!!!!! Just recived boots and after walking around in house boots are cracking and where boots meet sole is a very big gap and coming apart spend a little more and buy a better boot cause these are not it. It's bad when u unbox boots and put on and walk around inside house and they crack and come apart.The bars are way, way too long to serve as nipple rings, at least for me. They're cute, but too long.A cycling shoe isn't the same as choosing an ordinary shoe
the measurments are different
Although I bought a bigger size it turned out to be too small
The shoe itself is fine but the ranking is based on the "bad" sizeThe backing support does not match up or work.  Waste of moneyThe legs are way too wide and make one look short and fat. Only reason I am not returning is because the time and money it takes to return doesn't seem right for a $27 pants. Will try to give it to someone.I ordered a men's size 9 - 12. What I received barely fit me - a women's size 7. They are not very stretchy (and I don't have large calves) and was very uncomfortable. Its too bad I had to return them because I liked the vintage stars and stripes pattern.I also got the wrong color. the fabric is very stiff polyester  and not stretchable at all. fits extremely small. had to return the dressThe boot is beautifully designed, however it's only half leather and half spandex. The side zipper broke and split along the ankle the very moment I tried them on. Perhaps they should've placed it on the back of the boot and not along the ankle where there's so little support.KnockoffDISAPPOINTED... I SHOULD HAVE SEEN THIS JACKET WAS A FARCE AS SOON AS I READ THE NAME OF THE JACKET... TOO MANY WORDS TO EXPLAIN "STUDDED TUXEDO JEAN JACKET!" & where they got TUXEDO out of it, I'm cramming to understand! I received this "too cute to resist" jacket 2 wks ago & have been trying to get a full refund since! We've been emailing back and fourth throughout the weeks because they said that it's hard to return things back to China, so originally they wanted to refund me  70% back & told me to keep the jacket or give it away & now weeks later they want to give me back a 50% refund! There's nothing that I or anyone else can possibly do with such a defective jacket! I'm from NY, I know good cut, style & material when I see it regardless of the price! #1: THIS JACKET READS KNOCK OFF as soon as you touch it because the material isn't denim, I don't know what it is!  #2: The sizing doesn't make sense. #3: It's defective. The shoulder pads aren't placed properly making the shoulders way off from not being fitted & sewn together properly. #4: The texture of the material isn't denim at all... I don't know what it is, but it screams possible FIRE HAZARD, which means "WEAR AT YOUR OWN RISK!"extremely disappointed with the product and I would never order them again.  a different product than expected.They swish when I walk and will not stay in place. If I pull them up to where I need them to be to avoid chaffing they will roll down. It's weird to have a swishing noise when you walk when everyone can see you are wearing a skirtits way too big for a cartilage piercing! not worth the almost 10$. really cute but a waste of money since you only get one and it doesn't fit for what it is titled for.It appears this product runs small. I was disappointed.Both cell phone pockets are too small for my smart cell phone.  The belt us way too big for my waist.I have washed this hoodie at least 10 times and it still smells strongly of chemicals and /or tires.  Never worn straight out of the packaging the smell was overwhelming.I've only had these for about a month and most of the paint has come off. It looks all worn out. I did wear them a lot but it was 13 bucks! I think it's too expensive if it's not even going to last over a month.Zippers got stuck right away and adjustable cord broke right awaythe top loop failed after wearing them lightly two or three times. they're useless in this condition so I never got a chance to get them out on a hike. A hundred something dollar waste.split in half after about a month of very limited use...disappointedrim is out there. like the sheriff's hat in scary movie 3.Inov-8 almost got it right with these shoes, but they forgot to be consistent. They created a lightweight, flexible, zero-drop shoe with a breathable upper: all great things for the minimalist crowd. They failed to make a sufficiently wide toe-box, however. It is inconceivable to me how that managed to slip through the cracks in R&D. "Let's make a rugged trail shoe totally geared for minimalists, but let's not put enough room in the shoe for their feet."

Get it right and I will buy your shoe.I am a little disappointed because the first pair I had, the band turned yellowish and looks more gold.  I exchanged them for a second pair and asked the seller a question, that if they were all like this, then I would exchange it for something else.  They never replied and sent me another pair.  Except this pair was yellow right out of the box.  The sandle is comfy and cute, but not silver.I never had a dress like this, some of the seams are on the wrong side, It was sewing together wrong. Liked the fit, but what a mess, I will order another one,  hope that that one is made rightWarm and adorable, but the tops pinch in my thighs. I'm 5'4 and weigh 110. Definitely too thin to have this be an issue on "one size" leg warmers. What even?!I bought this for my 8 year old son.  When we buy his clothes at places like Kohls we always get him a 10/12 boys.  I ordered this in a 14/16 so he would have some room to grow.  It is so small he can't even get it on.  I just wanted to write this to urge caution when ordering.Is nothing like image. The hair is a different both material and color. The ears are less defined. Extremely disappointed. what a ripoff.I'm not thrilled.
 It looks and feels cheap.The pattern on these is nice, the material is excellent. It's heavy duty and should last for awhile. The shorts are delivered in a small sack of matching fabric, which is a nice little touch but also could serve well at keeping moist shorts from soaking other items in your car/bag/etc. The HUGE fault is with the sizing charts. There's no way an XL is the equivalent to a 36, let alone to a 40 as indicated in the sizing chart. I'm generally a size 38, some pants will fit in a 36, I ordered up to make sure they'd sit over my waist, and couldn't even get past halfway up my thighs. Really too bad, they're a great buy otherwise.I really like these socks. I would love them even more if one of the pairs didn't have a giant hole right out of the package. I can't even wear the white pair.not as shown.Love the look.. but this ripped within the first hour of wearing it.It's a bit smaller than I expected and I wear a large always in leggings
Material is good thoughThe material feels itchy at the bottom of dress and looks really puffyjust uncomfortableThis costume was baggy in certain places and didn't look right. I bought the extra small and it was all wrong. I returned itThe lights did not work.  There was no way to get the battery packs together and they did not light up.This was a little misleading.  Viewing this, it looks like it would fit well but it was just awkward in every way.
I didn't like the material at all and it was not a good fit.I'm 5'7" 34A 130lbs - I got the S/M and the bodysuit barely reached the bottom of my breasts. Instant return.
Quality is ok - there's a little bralette built in.This was by far the worst fitting ever. Im extremely disappointed, also Im losing money since they're making me pay to return their pants.If you buy these, wear them as soon as you get them because shortly thereafter they will tarnish and look very ugly.The foot is uncomfortable, very tight.I bought these shoes well before my daughter fit into them.  When I pulled them out to actually use them one of the bows was hanging off of the shoe and it isn't something that can be easily sewn back on.  Apparently it is beyond the return policy to get a return or exchange even if I paid for shipping.  Very disappointed in Amazon right now.  This is my first negative review of a product ever.  Its not really the product either, it is Amazon.These look so big and fluffy, but are extremely small. I am not a big person and they were very short and small. I would only recommend for a child.1st night out at the club...the crotch tore and a tear in the leg started. Luckily i always carry a small sewing kit in my purse. The material feels amazing on the skin, but might the stitching may not hold up to a night of hard rave!Kinda cheap, but get what you pay for. They worked for the seasonSizes are really out of whack.Awful it fit like it was a toddlers shirt and the quality is horribleReturned them .....they were way to narrow u need to have a very narrow foot to wear these sneakers.....and by no means do I have a wide foot....pretty, but the flowers are larger, and higher up, and looks a bit funny right over the boobsThese were probably the most uncomfortable shoes that I have ever worn.https://www.amazon.com/dp/B006R4IIMA/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0With in a week the pin that holds the band to the watch just fell out On one side and the other side wants to fall out. Not worth the money.too largethese shirts has no flex. its a stiff shirt. shrinks after 1 wash...still stiff tho. the only thing it has going for it is the neck line.. nice is snugIf you happen to get a GOOD one, this would be an awesome Shirt.  I bought it to replace an old "Bullet Bill" shirt I had that finally start "cracking".

Unfortunately, the one I received (from "Etoyshobbies" store) was peeling and dimpled when I took it out of the bag. Submitted a ticket for return about 10 minutes after opening the package.

Maybe you'll have better luck from another distributor, and maybe I got a melon.

Was really looking forward to this purchase, and ended up far less than satisfied at the end of the day.

Also, shirt seemed like it was sized way BIG. Order down a size if you take a chance.I'm 5'8", 130lbs, 34D. I bought a small, but this was HUGE on me. It's worked out under sweaters & blazers for going out, but I've had to sew the wrap into place to avoid flashing people.These pants are not the pants pictured. The pants I received have an elastic waste. The ones pictured (and that I have bought in this brand previously) are just a simple drawstring with no elastic. These will have to go back.Too small gave them to someone else and went to WalmartI had gotten some "soled socks" for my little boy and they were working perfectly but that brand only sell socks until  24 months size so I tried those. I am so disappointed because my son fall down many times wearing them. I'm not sure if they are so slippery or they stuck suddenly on our wooden floor but anyway they aren't good for a 3years old boy.It stretches out way to much. More than what it says. Useless belt.I received a blackened lead ring with bits of plastic on top. Don't bother with this brand or seller!Well, I got these gloves to wear underneath my thicker gloves for a little added warmth or alone when it's not that cold.  There are several problems with these gloves.  First of all the pictures don't show the ugliness on the palm side.  Apparently they thought it was a good idea to etch their small logo over the entire palm side.  Basically making them look ridiculous, but not a huge deal.  Second, these gloves do NOT run true to size.  I have a 8.5 inch hand, and ordered the Large.  These are at least a size too large as glove liners are suppose to fit tight.  This makes them impossible to use them as glove liners.  Lastly, in their infinite wisdom they decided to sew a large tag on the INSIDE of the glove near the underside of the wrist.  This makes them very uncomfortable to wear because the tag is always digging into your skin.  This tag is sewed into the seem making it impossible to cut close enough to completely remove it, So it will still dig into your skin after cutting it off.  The only slightly positive thing about these gloves are you can use touchscreen phones with them, but not very well.  Don't expect to text with these gloves on, think more along the lines of being able to open programs or open text messages.

Overall, I give these gloves 1 star for there poor design (Logo & tag) and their fit.  I'd look elsewhere for glove liners...WAY too small !Fell apart 2 days after wearing it. Trash.These are alright, but the blue ones came missing two stones.  Not worth sending back, and the other two sets haven't lost any stones yet. They are a nice size for my 3 year old, but it is easy to tell that the quality is low. I don't expect them to last long, but for $14, I got two (since the blue ones are missing stones) sets of ear rings that look alright in the mean time.Much tighter than I usually wear my jeans A size 29 would fit better and they were  Way to long!!WHAT makes the seller think this is a cool shirt? the image is so blurry I couldn't figure out what I had received till taking a better look at it. this is the second time I've received a shirt with very poor quality print job. Unbelievable.ReturnedHe did not like them because there are no hip pockets(he obviously did not look at the picture.) Too bad he purchased 4 or 5 of them and ripped off all the tags. The material is okay. I don't usually wear things like this but he says they keep him cool enough at work.Returned to the sellerDid not fit correctly, should be call petite.It is shorter than what it looks like on the website, in reality it only comes down to mid waist. I rarely return items, but I will be returning this.It is not anything like I expected! It's very small. I am returning it! Color is not as expected either. I don't like it at all.Ordered in my size (woman's 10 -- don't judge), and they are big -- like at a minimu a size up even though it says the correct size on the shoe. Would have returned, but I did not attempt to wear them until last week.  Super cute, but much brighter than in the photo.Worst t-shirt ever. Absolutely not distressed at all. Product does not match product description whatsoever. This is a jersey t-shirt with the most terrible screen printed Atari logo on it. By no means is this distressed, it is a red jersey shirt with a terrible Atari logo. Do not buy. Have submitted request for a refund. Will not buy from seller again which is unfortunate because I love Atari shirts and have bought multiple before off of Amazon with good experiences, but this product and it's description are garbage.

Also, the product clearly shows this is design/manufactured from Ripple Junction, who I've bought other t-shirts from before. This was not a Ripple Junction shirt. Look at the collar of the advertised image and the images I've supplied. They do not match at all.

I've submitted a refund request.Not what was picturedTurns out these are not the Shrink to Fit jeans.  The material is much thinner than the STF jeans.  Didn't try them on.  Returned them.Bad fitAs the saying goes... "You get what you pay for".  I thought I'd take a chance, but the tailoring on these is pretty awful, stitch quality also really poor, and despite pulling them out of the dryer immediately, they were loaded with wrinkles. Colors are strange to me. The beige color was kind of an off off yellow, needs more red mixed in to make it a sand or beige.. The green one seem to be pretty true to the screen color, although it's still a strange green.  The colors are not exactly what I would describe as found in nature--not sure how else to describe them. These are really lightweight, and don't fit particularly well. Fabric feels scratchy. I sent both back I ordered, and lost $10 in the process for shipping.  Do yourself a favor and find something of better quality.Far too small for my head.  I had to give it away to a friend with a much smaller head.The size XXL would hardly fit an 80 pound teenager.This product is not XL for an American woman. It is extremely small and for young girl or very petite person. I may keep it if my 11 year old granddaughter fits into it. Otherwise I shall return!It is a cheap kids toy. I was very miss led by the picture. It is about 2X the size of the one on the girls neck (unless she's a giant) and the chain is even different. Do not get if you want something that looks real. It looks like a super sized barbie necklace.The fit and quality of this shirt is pretty poor.  It feels too short and wide.  The material is much rougher than I like my shirts to be as well.  I like the image, but that's about it.I really liked these shoes when I purchased them but they stretched out almost a full size. I normally wear a 6.5 but bought a 7 so I could wear thick warm socks. They  fit perfectly the first few times I wore them but they then stretched out and are way to big. I also don't like that they are slim around the ankles and then get wide around the calf. They just fit odd are were a total waste of money.Fit is a bit snug.  Biggest issue is the fabric of these socks pills very badly during just the first wear.  It also picks up dirt and dust which doesn't come out in the wash.  I've had MANY sets of Timberland socks in the past and never experienced this before.  Others have had a much higher cotton content - these are almost entirely synthetic, especially the high % polyester, which may explain the problem.  I would not buy this particular sock again.Wig is a joke . Huge red Afro that's not accurate at all and the glasses were cracked inside the packagingNot the right size. Made smaller then we thought they would be**EDITED**
I initially rated these shoes 5 stars.  They are comfortable, lightweight, and true to size.  However, after just a few months of light wear, I noticed the sides of the shoe at the ball of the foot starting to wear out and fray.  A few months later, the frays have blown out and there is a large hole in the side of the right shoe.  For such an expensive shoe, I expected them to last longer than a few months.  Quite disappointed in quality.Poor battery life and not many enticing features. An impulse buy that I now regret.Fell apart within a month.I agree with the other reveiwers.  I expected much much more; however, I received much much less.  The chain is nice but the pendant looks like costume jewelry that should be valued at $9.99 or less.The shirts are paper thin. The collar is also large and awkward.Get the bigger size of what you would think.The idea of being to carry 24 cards in my wallet is great. When I loaded the cards into the sleeves the dividers between the cards started to come apart immediately. I'm not sure how long this will last given this initial impression. Does anyone know if they sell replacement dividers?

**Update to 1 star (less if i could) This thing is junk. The glue separating card slots started to fail on day 1 and many have come apart completely with normal use. Cards fall out all the time. Only buy this if you're never going to take cards out and use them! No contact from seller.My husband was thrilled bc he has to wear khaki to work and they are constantly destroyed, whether ripped or just stained. Very durable. I bought the same exact tag size I buy in all the other brands and for the life of him he couldn't even remotely close them.  He was disappointed and I didn't want to return for the $20 I paid so I contacted my brothers friend.  He wears the same size but as soon as he heard the name "Dickies" over the phone he immediately told me they wouldn't fit him.  That the brand run small.  I have a brother who wears 2 sizes small I think they'd be perfect on so I'm going to try to give them to him.If it weren't 5 sizes too big, I'd have loved this dress.  Returning.  Careful of sizing here, potential buyers!Nice material and workmanship, but the legs taper significantly to the point of fitting like skinny jeans. Not what I was looking for.The sizes are not really corresponding to European sizes it is not attractive because it is a very cheap plastic which i really don't like and i think it is very big to the normal handThis pack was too big for me.I would say this is a tank top, certainly not a dress. I wanted a white dress to wear under a sheer white dress, but this will not work wellSuper short!Too bad they don't come in a Wide size, might have fit better.The first pair were fine.  But the second pair kept creeping down behind my heels so I switched to a third pair .. same thing.  So I am going to return them.  I don't really think they were too large ..  but there was no other option to choose to start this review.The product is great for the price. I'm disappointed in the color. It looked red and the picture and appeared to match perfectly with a dress I bought. Wrong!  It is hot pink!  After receiving the product, I did go back and it was stated in the description part, but not mentioned elsewhere.  I recommend this product of you want pink, just buy elsewhere if you want red.Way to tight to be 527! They are more like the 511, skinny jeans. They do fit below waist although leaving to show my very lower back. They they don't seem loose around my thighs either. I am also disappointed because I first was sent a pair with exactly the same fit but indicating it was some another model. Thinking they had done a mistake I shipped them back. I thought this time I would get a 527 like I am used to and I got this tight fit jean again only labeled 527 ...something is wrong with these jeans.I ordered a Large which is my normal size for cycle gear.  This jersey fit ok everywhere else but it was very short.  It barely comes to the top of the waistband of the shorts.  I don't really care for my bare belly to show so I returned it.Need a 4x if not want back my moneyWay below good sizing-nice for small, petite, small busted women.very tightThe handle broke on the first day of use. The center part of the buckle somehow got flipped to the wrong side so it can't be easily fixed. Otherwise, the top is overly bulky and thick--it's hard to get to items in the purse through all the junk going on at the top. But actually breaking, that's beyond questionable design.this is the most ill fitting costume I have ever bought. the cups didn't cover my chest in any way so id say if you're any bigger than a B cup don't buy it. the pants were baggy but they didn't cover my butt completely and the belt was too wide for the size of the pants. don't buy this.Two pairs in a row with the same issue...the soles became unattached on both!  Probably best just to look elsewhere, these are pretty much useless and fall apart within a month or so.This is a terrible product....I didn't plan to pull my pants up to my chin in order to wear them.I gave this 1 star because it's cute.  Unfortunately, it broke the very first time I wore it, within about 30 minutes..  No trauma, noticed it hanging off my wrist about to fall.  A pin had already fallen out and could not be found.  To start with, it took so long to arrive I had forgotten about it.  In the package was a note asking that I not place a review if it was going to be a bad one.  Please give only 5 star reviews, or contact them privately and give them a chance to make it right, just don't give a bad review.  I wrote, and waited, and waited.  Months later l'm giving this a one star rating.  Too late to return and  I don't want anything else from a vendor who doesn't even answer me.Very cheap looking.  Disappointed.very difficult for the kids to get their hands in and the straps are not tight enough to keep the snow out...my sons hands kept getting wet / cold.I return the item.The Measurements Do Not Add Up To What Size You Are. Bought Two Different Ones And Neither One Fit! Won't Buy Again.!Very uncomfortable. Lumpy foot bed and resists break in. Completely subpar compared to my other Keens.First I did not get the shoe blue with lime green shoe strings as pictured; I got aqua with organge.  But that was okay; it was a cute shoe.  Initially wore them in the house and they were fine & felt comfortable.  I did order 1/2 size larger as suggested.  Then when worn for a longer period of time my left foot & toes began hurting.  So now unable to return them.  Will have to find another pair to try or even another brand.  Was very disappointed as I've worn NB shoes for several years now with no problems.Boots fit fine but are not PAC as advertised. No insulation at all!!!!!Very nice looking coat but sized aufullVery nice looking boot but not true to size, they were too tight.The medal is cheap, and they are not worth the price. They are cute, and they immediately irritated my ears.this is made for petite thin girls, it is very small and tight than my normal size i get from other places, definitely go a size up, and also there is no front zipper, so if you're going to be in the snow or rain this will not keep you warm because the wind blows right to your torso, it is short as well goes above the butt so not good for tall girls, the quality is also cheap fabric is thin, and it looks like it will rip apart after some use, I regret purchasing this, it is not like the picture at all. I have seen better quality jackets at hm and forever 21. May be it will be nice for spring to just throw on at night while wearing a dress.They didn't fit, were really small like for a 10 yr old.Cut small... and I so wanted to love these as I loved my black Injini compression socksFALLING APARTThe costume itself is not bad. Pants are a bit short for my son, but not a deal breaker. What frustrates me is that it says it comes with the beard and no gloves, but that is not correct. It came with gloves and no beard. So of course I ordered gloves separately because it wasn't supposed to come with them, and now I can't return the gloves so I am out that money. Plus I now have to order a beard separately. Not happy.I had previously bought one of these months ago and love it.  Ordered another one (in the same size) in size medium, and it just wasn't right... Actually its kind of odd because on one side it fits me and the other side its a way bigger size... its very strange and disappointing. Waste of money. I wouldnt recommend to anyone.These pants have very short waist height.  They do no have a comfortable fit due to this as compared to many other similar pants do that I have bought such as Levi, Wrangler and Lee.It was too small,,, highly disappointed...I should have trusted what others have said.  The posts on these earrings are way too long, and the quality of the settings is disappointing (even though my expectations weren't too high given the price).Very pretty when received but after 3 days of wearing it turned dull and was unable to be shined back up.  After a week,  the vary danty name plate broke in half.  I do not wear my jewelry hard and take very good care of my things.  This necklace was just made very cheaply.  I guess you get what you  pay for.Don't waste your money.  The fabric is cheap and flimsy and I ordered a 3X because I read the other reviews.  It is more like a medium, it states fits 24-28 maybe in a waist size, not an actual size.  I am a 16-18 and it does not even cover the boobs.I ordered 2 pairs of the same pant just different color. This color came and were completely different than the other in fabric and fit.At first glance this bracelet looks very well made, however after only wearing the bracelet once it became extremely easy to open on it's own.  It fell of my wrist several times and finally after maybe the third wear it broke.  Not worth it.I  am so disappointed with these earrings.  I did get to wear them for 1/2 hour. The earring itself measured 3/16 of an inch an the earring back measured 2/16 of an inch. Hardly what you would find on what was advertised as a $499 deal of the day for $165. They are not worth more than $165.  The earring back disappeared,not to be found after 1/2 hour. I was all ready dressed so that was not a factor. I will take them to a  jeweler and see if we can find an earring back that you can at least pick up with your fingers .I will not ever buy any jewelry listed on Amazon again. Buyer beware!!!I ordered the grey ones for my daughter. The ones i got in the mail were NOT as pictured. They had an ugly tan button. The ones pictured had a grey button that matched the color of the boot.Although I see that this is a snug fitting shirt, the color white becomes "transparent" when it is actually on. Every line on my bra was visible as well as my tattoo on my side. It is a very cheap white cotton, and although cute, unless you are super pale, it looks tacky showing your skin color through the shirt.I am writing this 5 minutes after receiving this item. I couldn't believe it but see by yourself.I order small size. I received medium size. Disappointed with the service.The clip broke on one after 4days......so far the second one is ok.I had so many strings on them an one caught my toenail and tore it off. I wad disappointed. Might have been my pair.  They were soft.These shoes were narrow in the toes and front of my foot, causing cramping and sores to come up on my toes. I'm no longer able to wear them and now I've surpassed the deadline to return them. I liked the way they looked and was hoping the toe area would stretch out but they did not.This bag ripped the first time I used it...I buy these all the time and the size was not true, I got a bigger size and it was still small. This was so disappointing as I needed this for a partyA KID'S WATCH !! - it looks nice but lacking in several aspects: lightweight (in design and materials - leather is very flimsy, nylon is super thin), too small to fit my ("normal sized") wrist and totally lacking in quality.  Wish I knew which brand I ordered from Amazon several years ago - it was so much better!I wear a size 10 in every shoe. I ordered these in a 10, and they fit like a 9.These were too narrow in the toe area, exactly where my feet widen out.  So they just didn't work and I returned them.  I wish they would return to the previous style of "Tobago" sandals. They fit very well, and kept my toes from expanding further, while being a nice looking sandal.Band broke from the center about a week after wearing it. I work in a Distribution Center so it couldn't hold up to my full shift.It fits small and is very thin. Not satisfied with this product.These sleepers were too wide and short for my 7 month old. They are over all just shaped funny. They lasted about two weeks before they were too uncomfortable for my little man to sleep. The fabric is cheap, just bite the bullet and get some Carters.I don't wear glasses normally. When I saw these were made of metal. that's all I cared about. What they lack are the nose pads that keep them from sliding down your nose. Just a sharp, flat piece of metal. I guess Harry Potter's don't have the nose pads either, but I would rather sacrifice authenticity or a little comfort.I guessed on the size since there was no size chartWasn't as nice looking as picture. Perfect for older women.elastic waist on shirt .Got a small but it was like wearing a trashbag, didn't Clung onto my body at all. When package arrived it had this nasty smell to it as well.These would fall down off my behind. Not comfy.i liked the coat but the removal liner is poorly made and installed in the jacket. Also i would not recommend pay extra for the one day shipping because it took a total of 73 hours to reach its destination after it was shipped with the one day delivery shipment.These are pretty and the price was right, but I am in agony after wearing these for 2 hours.  It feels like there is a horizontal ridge in the footbed.  My arches are burning in pain.  I don't know if you can return these after wearing them, but I am going to try.First of all for a medium these are very loose around the waist. You might want to go down a size. The material is mediocre, but what you would expect from cheap boxers. My main problem is the color. I received 4 of the same one, which happens to be the ugliest color.CHEAP MADE BAD PRODUCTI bought this in a size medium after reading all the reviews on here.  I absolutely hated it and regret ever buying this product. It continuously kept rolling down the entire night. It was extremely uncomfortable and did nothing that it promised to do. If you're thinking about buying this product, I suggest invest your money on something more worthy.Does not fit correctly. Imbalanced so the glasses shift to one side when worn.Length is fine. However, the width is about 1/4" too short - there's a lot of play. I have a Citizen watch btw.Total waste of money.I bought this watch as a gift for my boyfriend mainly due to it's durability and water resistance. I had considered other comparable brands and watches before I settled on this watch. It is an attractive watch with a rather large face and a nice bit of weight to it. This is the only reason it gets a 2nd star.
After only a few months of wear, one of the tiny hands broke off and, eventually, caused the large hands to get stuck and stop working. Other than that, the pins holding the watch to the band have broken no less than 4 times. It seems that this watch has been at the watch shop more than on my boyfriend's wrist! I called Invicta and they said that I could either send the watch back (for $28 shipping) and they would replace the pins or they could send me the pins that are "meant for the watch" so that I could try to replace them. I opted for the free pins but he told me they will take NINETY days to get to me since they are shipped from overseas. I am very disappointed in the quality of this piece and will not purchase an Invicta product again.Would not buy again.  Hard to wear.  Your foot constantly slips too forward.  The elastic does not hold as I expected.  Uncomfortable.I purchased a pair of Levi boyfriend jeans from another source a couple of months ago in a size 8/29. They fit perfectly. I loved them so much I decided to order another pair in a different color-- they were way too tight.  I'm not sure if the sizing differs on different colors or if the jeans were just a different style. I was very disappointed and will have to return these!The shoe looked good but fit extremely awkwardly. I am returning.I liked the way it looked, but one button was bad right out of the box. Returned it !!!It's very thin, looks like yellowish Ivory, I will return it, it would need a tank or cami underneath unfortunately.We purchased a Disney brand costume two years ago and were very impressed with the quality.  We anticipated similar in this costume but were very disappointed.  The plastic was ridiculously thin, the velcro tabs tiny (they pulled apart with the slightest movement).  I had to use a hot iron and some sewing skills just to get the hat to stand up and the pieces to stay together.  I know that we've become accustomed to expecting kids costumes to be poor quality but this was like a bad joke.These run VERY bigLove Aerosols shoes, and I have several pair; however these shoes are very wide.  Beware this is sold by a third company and you are required to pay for returns.I hate it when I'm the only one with a negative review! These are beautiful and we were so excited to get them. My daughter loves them and they match with absolutely everything, including her school uniform, which is why we bought them. And they're a good price. BUT they are made in a way that the glittery colored part is like a "coating" on the shoe instead of the shoe actually being that color... if that makes sense... and underneath that coating is a white fabric that actually is the structure of the shoe. So after the very first time she wore them, they started to peel. And I don't mean she was rough on them and they wore down. I mean, her class sits with their legs folded under them in circle time, and the tops of the shoes rubbed off onto the school carpeting. That's all she did, sit down. And by the second time she wore them, they were completely destroyed. Too bad!It's iddly made.  The crotch area is stitched high.Nice shoe but not what I expected.  No return label enclosed so return a hassle.Too narrow.We were very happy with this bag at first. We just returned from a trip abroad. When  the bag came off the plane the zipper was broken. The bag was wide open. We were lucky and did not lose any items. The bag is only one year old. It has only been used about 4 times. It should have lasted a lot longer than it did. The bag wasn't full. It had a lot of room left.I have this had and I wore it out so I decided to order another one. This one fits too big and pushes my ears out. I don't think I will order it again.Nice hat real bright colors. Wouldn't call it one size fits all, I'm not a big guy and the sort of ring around the top where everything is stitched together is still too small for my head and looks and fits weirdJeans were a bit tight. Pockets only 7in barely reaching wrist. Couldn't fit anything and then reach you hand in to take it out being too tight. Liked them besides the fit around the hips and pockets. Will keep looking for jeans that I like the fit.I was a little disappointed with the quality of these boots.  We bought them for my wife who has had great success saving money by purchasing kids Fryes in the past (she has small feet), but this time the kids version were definitely of lower quality than the adult version.

The leather is ok, but just ok, and much poorer than Frye tends to use.  The sole was not stitched in, but glued.  And finally they were made in China, not the US or Mexico as Fryes normally are.

We returned the boots and purchased a pair of adult ones instead - which are great as expected.The Travelon cushion works well, as long as it works.  Over the past few years, I have had at least 5 of these items.  The first few seemed to work for a substantial length of time.  However the past few have only lasted six months or less before developing an air leak.  An air leak is a real handicap, since it means the cushion deflates fairly quickly and then re-inflates when you try to pack it away.

The problem seems to be in either the plastic "welds" that hold the actual cushion pieces together or the valve.

I will be looing for another vendor.horribleI bought this for my 3 1/2 year old daughter who has trouble keeping her ears under her hats. Unfortunately, while this is soft and otherwise excellent, it's just too small. The top pulls back so that her hair is exposed, sliding the bottom portion up under her neck which makes her feel like she's choking. She was in tears about it today, but it was -3 degrees, so I wasn't able to let her take it off. I have bought a replacement, and I hope it gets here soon.The material is very cheapThis dress was by far the worst joke. I ordered extra large but it must have been a child's large. Waste of money.Not real plus size at all...bewareSo bummed! I bought these for my husband and they looked so good on but he just couldn't wear them. Like another reviewer said, there are flaps of leather that stick out inside the boot on each side of the boot so they dig into your feet. Had to return Why the shoe ddin't come with original shoe box and shoe bag? As far as I known every pair of SR shoes has come with an original shoe box and shoe bagIt looked fairly nice but broke within a day of wearing. There is no way that I'd consider this again.The pants did not fit around the crutch area at all.
Color was dull and not very pleasing.
Waist and length were accurate.
I'm not impressed with Wrangler at all !Not easy to use. I would like to return themVery cute but size came as 80 cm which is a 12 month size.Too small. Boxy, not a flattering fit.The quality is not satisfied and quite disappointing. one of the needle is missing and one of the cap is bad. Based on the price, I don't want to spend time to return it. But indeed I am not happy about it.Flimsy clasp and the magnet to help close it came out.Purchased this item for a last minute trip to Nashville with next day shipping. Upon zipping the zipper of the main pocket for the first time, it got caught up and would not come loose. It did not catch on any material from the backside, so I believe it was a faulty zipper. Due to the size of the item (unbendable, hard plastic back), shipping would cancel out most of the refund since it was as inexpensive bag. I would not re-order this bag.This is obviously a cheap knock off of the shirt from hot topic that is pictured. I blame myself for not reading the reviews first but I'm very disappointed. Watch who you buy from and don't buy this cheaply made shirtI wear a size 36 waist in jeans. I thought that buying a size 36 belt would make sense. Upon getting the belt, I quickly wrapped it around my waist to check the size. The tip barely overlapped the buckle by about a half inch. I looped it through my jeans and tried to fasten it and using the first hole was very tight and uncomfortable. I ended up punching a new hole just to give myself a little room to breath. Now with it fastened, the tip is almost not long enough to fit through the loop to hold it flat so there's some pressure there and it looks weird.

A lot of other reviewers are coming to different conclusions about what size to buy. Some say buy the same size as the pants you wear. Some say buy in two inches longer. My advice is to add the two inches. If you wear a size 36 pants, buy the 38" belt or larger so you have a little extra to feed into the loop and feel comfortable.

On the positive side, I like the look of it and the buckle itself. I was afraid the buckle would kinda dig into my abdomen when sitting because it looks large. It wasn't a problem at all after wearing it all day.I ordered size 9 and received size 8
&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Balance-Men-s-ML501-Heritage-Classic-Running-Shoe-Blue-Black-9-D-US/dp/B00H2CESFM/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Balance Men's ML501 Heritage Classic Running Shoe,Blue/Black,9 D US</a>I got the large.  I am 5'3'' and weigh 150 lbs.  It fits quite well around the middle but is way too long.  Unless I am wearing tights to tuck it into then it is not wearable.wore these once and already have holes in the crotch. I am not a fat person either. not well made.This ring was way smaller than i expected. The stone was really small and the band was extremely thin. But the service and the delivery was very prompt. It arrived days earlier than expected. I'm not going to return b/c it would be a waste of time but i do like the ring.I ordered this dree as a costume for a project my daughter is doing on Germany. She's slim, so I purchased the medium child size. While the top was okay, the skirt barely covered her rear end. It looked more like it should be a " Sexy German Beer Girl" dress than a Gretel dress. Very dissapointed in this product.Not true to size. Disappointed.bad quality change of clothe fabric after many times washingI love Converse - my main go to shoe.  I ordered the black from this company - just arrived and fit as expected, but the rubber is not white.  The rubber is yellowing.  I'm not going to return due to the hassle factor, so I removed an old pair of shoe laces from my other Converse to make these look ok to wear.  The brand new white shoe laces made the yellowing of the rubber even more apparent. And too boot - the rubber on the front of the shoe has a huge gouge.  The good news I suppose - they look 110% broken in!  Definitely don't look new at all.  -sbThe info stated this was a "heavy blend" sweatshirt. The material was very lightweight and it was much too large. I gave it away.broke the very first day...waste of money!!!Did not tan thru as advertised.  Material was not very soft.this was a Christmas gift for my daughter that I thought was for a women only to find out it was for men's it is to largeThe bag was really small for the Oakley glasses.  The price is fair but the sunglass bag could be a bit larger for larger size glasses .There's nothing Paul or Taylor about this wallet.  It's made by Marshal, whoever they are.  For the money, it will do until I find a suitable replacement for my Rolf's, which took nearly 20 years to wear out.  I didn't expect department store quality for this kind of money, but if a seller is going to claim 9 card slots, there should be 9.  Not 5.  This only has five.  For 17 bucks, I got a 17 dollar wallet made of some kind of leather- cat?  rodent?  The stitching is poor and sparse.  I'm guessing it will start failing in a few months of regular use.

I don't mind getting a cheap quality wallet for a cheap price, but misrepresenting and failing to describe a product properly is a little suspect to this online shopper.I recently had surgery, and was searching for a comfortable bra to get me through the healing process. This one fits great and does feel like a second skin, except for the scalloping on the bra straps and band. I don't understand why a manufacturer would place itchy, decorative scalloping on a bra that is meant to ease a woman through a painful recovery process. We don't need scalloping! We need comfort!  I've had to place padding underneath the straps so my skin isn't irritated by the straps. Also, the adjustable section of the bra strap (on top of the shoulders) has a really scratchy material as well. I know - why not buy a new one - but I was desperate for something comfortable. This one works, except for the darn straps. I'll be buying something new as soon as I can get out of the house.I ordered the size 0 (my normal size), and this dress fit me width-wise, but it seems like it was made for someone a full foot shorter than me (and I'm 5' 3"). With the garment fully on, the waist hit somewhere near the middle of my ribcage, and the bottom of the armholes dug into my armpits. Also, the hemline was VERY short. On someone taller than me (which is most people), it would be obscene. Even more puzzling is that the FRONT of the (intended) chest area was a bit too wide, while the back portion felt tight (the main obstacle seemed to be the armholes, which, using clock coordinates, were positioned roughly at 2 o'clock and 10 o'clock rather than 3 o'clock and 9 o'clock, assuming you're facing toward 6 o'clock).

That being said, the material is nice, and if you happen to be a gnome or some other mythical creature that is the same width as a small-ish person but a foot or more shorter and/or something that has dorsally-positioned arms, then this might work for you (bonus: if you actually are a gnome, there's plenty of room at the front so you can tuck your beard in).The hat sits way up high looks f n retarded. Not the hat i expected it to be. Waste of 20.00$.The built quality is ok. Just too small for my face.:(Horrible the material is different from picture and it's too bigShoe didn't fit as expectedThis item ships from China; Their sizing is quite different from US sizing. There was NO indication of origin, therefore, I ordered my usual size, M, and it looks like an XS and fits like a small. If there had been any indication that this item was coming from China, then I would have made the necessary adjustment...ordered a larger size. There is no return shipping information and when I looked at this dress again for a larger size, there weren't any. Is there a way to make this known to customers to increase satisfaction?Was a nice umbrella for the money good size as it was perfect for my vehicle but after having it for a while we are unable to close the umbrella now as it's a waste to us and can't even get our money back.they hold a lot of staticI ordered 34x32.. But ai got 34x30.. very disappointed... very disappointed...horrible...horrible..This purse is Ultra Gaudy with all the Hardware.  The manufacturer should have  designed a better zipper and a lot less  Junk on the ourside.  I love my Marissa  Purse in Orange that I ordered at the same time.  Also like my Buxton Wallet,TOO SMALL!!! I ordered a larger number than the usual but it is too tight!Sent what was not pictured! Sent me one with Rocker under it. Very good quality if it was right. Had to cut off the rocker and grind down. Doesn't look right.It get only two starts because the fit is tight, therefore the loop in the back could be used to pull the shoe on.  However, the loop is way to small to fit any figures in it and makes it USELESS.  It is unfortunate since it would be very useful to use the loop.  How can someone not see if their finger fits in the loop??? Very disappointed in this, now I have to use a shoe horn or pull on the back heel.  UGHDiamond stone is already out. Ring is rusted... Not worth the moneySuper uncomfortable and itchy but you get what you pay for i guess.The actual size does NOT reflect the accompanying men's size chart in the product page. It is incorrect and deceptive, causing me to purchase a size smaller (these are 36-38" waist, while the size chart describes the L size as 42-44"). There is no excuse for this.It is to small. Not stretchy enough.Rusted after two weeks and turns my finger green.This product arrived broken.  I have been unable to get the manufacturer to respond to my inquiries.  I ended up fixing it myself, but really, is that the point of buying new merchandise - so you have to take your time and materials to fix it?Too smallcolor is orange not tan"you get what you pay for" was never more true than with this bead. It was cheap and looks cheap.Low rise results in tight uncomfortable feelThese are cute but they both got giant holes in the bottoms of them after 2 weeks of regular wear.Chain is so big, its ok for a large man but not womanDidn't really care for the shoes. They were too big and the patterns were way off, I expected them to be somewhat similar. Also they are not comfortable.I returned it since it was too small.The shoes run very wide. I have a wide foot but the M was too wide and the beads on top were loose and floppy.  I returned.This bra does not shape, control or contain my chest!  I am a 36B and this bra was a waste of money to me.  I like my sports and casual bras to fit a little more firm and it felt like the medium was designed to expand quite a bit more.  This bra would serve well as a sleeping bra, but I think that is it.Straps looked really cheap and I returned the itemA bit short in length, and very large in the waist.  Probably fits short, fat people.  The white stripe and star are pink, and the star is misshapen.  it looks nothing like the picture.  Definitely not worth the money.Not great, I use them twice and the rubber creates friction in my skin, not sure if I could return the,This watch looked great. But it has already begun to tarnish. One of the dials came off and had to be repaired. I would never buy this product again or recommend this to anyone. I bought this for my husband for valentine's day. It's March 30th and has completely tarnished to a brass color. I am very disappointed.Fit is too long and big fits 1/2 bigger than what I expected. All my toms are sz 6 so I thought is be good ordering that sz received them and they seemed really long so I put them up to my old ones and sure enough the soul was shaped different :/ not happy that I can't wear them I feel like I wasted my money I should've just went to the storeSorry...looks fake...clasp would not hold...returned for a refund These are okay. I got 42C in desire. Be warned they are not the same as pictured. From the photos you can see the straps can be unhooked in the back, so you can criss cross them. Also in pictures, in the front the straps attach right to bra fabric. The I got are attached by a ring. I wear tank tops and racerbacks a lot and bought these thinking straps could be moved. Disappointed.Fit and looked very awkward, the shaping of the tunic wasn't as expected.This shirt is a kid's shirt. No way will it fit a woman. I'm so upset. Too much of a hassle to return. Now, I need to purchase a different shirt elsewhere to wear to our Disney trip.The picture shows one backpack with a tote.  It is actually two.  The tote part has no fun pictures on it.  There were no instructions on how to combine them.  My son doesn't want to combine two heavy packs anyway.  He is only seven.  Very false advertising and the seller left me some mambo jumbo feedback about if he doesn't have a lot to tote he can carry it like a normal pack.  Well he doesn't like to carry it like a normal pack.  This seller shouldn't be allowed on amazon unless he shows the product the way it actually comes.  I'm not paying for it or shipping or anything else from him.squeem perfect waist fits perfectly,i love itThe toe bed extended far beyond by toes. The front ankle strap kept me from being able to scoot my foot any farther into the shoe in order to fit correctly. Very oddHad to return as it was too compressing.  Could be nice in a different size, but didn't want the hassle of reordering and returning.  Ended up returning.Made them work for one winter season, but very poor quality. The sole was completely worn down after 4 months or so. Started hurting my feet, legs and back.
The zipper design is super convenient though(Nylon) zipper broke after only 2 months of normal use! And it's too late to return for exchange or refund.Calf openings very very small.  Cannot wear due to this.I have a small chest and it road to high the waist was to highI order the satchel, I received like many of customers - the Tote!!! fals advertisment, the bag in the picture is a sachel, you place your order you will receive a tote. The product itself is wonderful, the leather is good quality as well as the color, but I didn't want the tote.Got my order in today. Took about 3 weeks. Ships from China. This is a imitation headband. It does not come with h the signature yellow sweat wicking band inside accustom too Halo headbands. Absolutely no product name brand or labeling on either headband. I will try to return these blatant fakes...the picture is nice, but this t shirt is insanely thin and runs very small.  We ordered a size XXL and it equals about a juniors 11, misses 10. Cheap, thin material.Horrible fabric quality and faded print. I got this for my son's Pokemon party and ended up using it for a house shirt. Do not waste your money.Wore this shirt once and the front is covered in fabric pulls.  Cute shirt.  Soft material.  Doesn't handle actual wear and wash very well.I've had this model backpack for 5-6 years, and it was time to get a new one. But they've changed this model, apparently, because now the zippers are all very cheap feeling. I returned this backpack.A small fits a little too big on my son and he is 4 years old.Not sure what is "Deluxe" about this thing! Opened it to find that the lace up part was broken, and like others have said it is see-through. Returned.This thing is huge!  I would not recommend this for anyone smaller than a size 8 or 10.  It is cute and I am sure would have served its purpose if it wasn't so big.  I guess it could double as your kite if you wanted to kite surf while at the beach!I received ur product broken. I want it to be replace.Great quality - sizing runs extremely small.  Unfortunately had to return - but it was super cute!Poor fabricWell, I knew this was Asian sizing and ordered up because of it and it was still ridiculous. I'm 5'3" and typically wear a size 8 or medium. I ordered an XL and this thing was basically painted on me. There is no way I could wear this in public. Also, the straps felt a little too long causing the neckline to be lower & wider than expected. I don't know what bra I'd be able to wear with it, even if the rest of it fit. The material had a weird, almost silky, spandex/nylon cheap exercise clothing sort feel to it. The only reason for 2 stars instead of 1 was that because of the material it arrived wrinkle-free, even after being stuffed in a small package for 3.5 weeks, so it would be great to travel with. And the length was actually good for a maxi dress on me, it just brushed the tops of my feet.

I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest review, which this is.This ring is not Okay - it is nothing more than what you would buy in a gumball machine. Cheap - very cheap.Does not fit as described. Very cute but disappointed in sizeThere is little to no padding for the ball of your foot so wouldn't make for a comfortable walking shoe. It's very wide and loose in the heel. Was disappointed and returned them.On the second day the shoulder strap where you adjust
the length got ripped.To smallI bought these for my husband and they are too tight around the ankles.  I tried them, I'm a woman, and they are too tight around my ankles.The print in it is faded. My son wouldn't wear it.My husband loves these pants, they look great on him. The problem? After two weeks of wearing them, the pants developed small holes. The fabric is very thin. I was hoping that these pants would be more durable!!kept it, it was a gift for a five yr. old. Was very disappointed in the quality. I would have paid more for one like it, bigger and more solid..These are adorable but washed once and to small.  :(not my favorite, it looks different than photo. would not have bought this had I seen it live before purchasing.I'm a sixteen year old girl and imo, this is absolutely ugly. Don't buy it. It looks beautiful online, but once you open the package... ew. Just some insight; it passes my knees by about 3 inches (I'm 5' 6'') and it feels like a quilt. Also, the front bust part is not flattering at all. Just trying to help y'all out, so save your money.Note the measurements,the photo is totally misleading, this thing is tiny compared to photo!!!This ring looks great. But it cracked and broke with in a month that I gave it to my husband. But it seems to be scratch resistant.watch lacked craftmanshipDont order it!!!!! Its very difficult to use and its not stuck on the wall.. And u need to wait more than a month for something that not warthEdit to review: Now I have worn this summer and they did not last! The sole is coming completely apart/off. I washed them maybe twice and used hand wash cycle and only dried them laying flat, never in dryer. I have dearfoams satin ballets that I've resorted back to wearing and I wore them all winter and have washed them the same way more times than I can remember, and I paid half as much! I'll look for the dearfoams for now on. Isotoner is not that good and overpriced!It runs small but its fineI am a 6 foot 2 guy.  I tried the same costume on in a costume store in XL and it almost fit.  I was hoping a "XXL" as advertised would fit perfectly.  I couldn't even fit it on my legs.  The size chart is false.  Sadly had to return the item.  Buyer beware on size.  Otherwise, nice item.These are going back - you need to have a 3 inch wide heel to keep these on.  Surprising from Skechers - they should know how to make shoes.It looks okay. Like cheaper jewelry but there's still that sparkle.

Mine broke the first time wearing it, just came apart into 3 pieces while I was walking.The jeans waist fitted when I wear it as a high waist jeans.they tried to play meI've had this for about two weeks and it's already falling apart it's ripped and a wire came outThe aqua was not in the package.This jacket was nothing like it was described. It fit way too small and if not for Amazon I would've end up paying $35 in shipping when all was said and done.Siza was too small.looks cheapI recieved the watch and followed the procedure to correct the time, and the watch does keep time.  It looks nice but doesnt work.Way to small.  I looked like pee-wee hermenThis Bra is horribly uncomfortable!!! It doesn't fit, is itchy, the bottom layer rolls up. Just all around no good. I wish i had been able to try it on so that i could return it :(didn't like the material, felt cheap and really tight. I usually wear Medium but this was too small. I am returning itThese boots are comfortable but not water resistant at all.It's okay to start out with the ear piece has no angle what so ever so slightly uncomfortable. The metal pieces are cheaply made but the tubing was aged and broke.I've been purchasing jewelry to give as gifts.  I would have liked for these to look and feel a bit more expensive.  The black velvet flocking seems cheap, and leaves little bits of black fluff all over.  The jewelry does look nice against the black lining though.  These boxes are ok, but I wish I had looked a bit longer for something nicer.It was not what I expectedToo small.  Even though I ordered the same size as all of the other skechers go walk, this one is way too small & tight.  It is very cute though.  I had to send them back because it would have been a waste of money to keep them for that price.They are navy blue not obsidian blackIts not how it's pictured. The whole thing is white and you cant see the name from the face.  Its not grey shaded as shown. Like it, but it's not what's pictured.Very sensitive material it ripped at the first try The bottoms are huge!One of my shoe is damaged, clearly shows that it was used by someone before I received it although I bought it newFits to bigThe shoes were too small.The cup size is perfect- the straps however don't fit well so i am unable to use this productI gave my date this necklace for Valentines Day, and I decided to put it on her before we went out. By the end of the night the chain broke. Incredibly embarrassing for me. I honestly don't even know what to say.Can't wash it it frays terriblyi have worn shapewear before so i expected this to be somewhat tight but even with ordering the bigger size from reading the other reviews it just is not made properly to allow a reason for the tight portions.Get a size or 2 bigger than you normally wear, got a medium & it fit like a x-small. Also the strap was cut & tied & missing the metal piece to hook on to the top:(Have to return these ... too small!They were a little constricted at the top around the foot, not size as expected for Acorn, which I have bought twice before.  I was disappointed.The fit was the least of the issues.  There was a label that should have peeled right off and didn't.  It left residue when I finally got it off.  I probably won't be buying these again.Fit as expected but it was very rough and scratchy against my other fingers. Kinda thick, not a comfortable fit. But it did arrive quickly and was packaged well and refund was prompt.It was way way too longI ordered a long rash guard and received a shortie. Was very disappointedBesides being a little on the small side after the first washing the seam on the inside of the thigh separated.Tiny. Very tiny. Might fit a child, which says a lot as I'm 5ft 2 and 115lbs, with very little in the way of curves, and I ordered Medium. I was sent a Small.Sending these back because the fit is too small in the waste. I am a size 6 but bought an 8 for comfort over a bathing suit. I could try a 10 but that just seems outrageous for a size 6 person. I am also only 5'3" and these were way to long.These are really comfortable but they are see through! :( If they stretch at all on you then you can see right through them. Very dissapointing as otherwise they are comfortable. They also have a line running down one leg that looks like a run in nylons, they just seem poorly made.I used to run a Kenneth Cole New York store and boy has this brand fallen apart.  Now it seems Kenneth will license his name to anyone for a cheque, without care for fit or fashion - the hallmarks of the brand.

These are thinly woven and likely made by&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Original-Penguin/dp/B01AAYGIRE/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Original Penguin</a>&nbsp;(they also made a lot of our licensed men's button-dress shirts).  The seams are single-over and the pattern on the plaids is unbiased, meaning no effort was made to work around the cut and seams to create a proper fashion finish.  Worse, the make is a single-seam back instead of a panel-back, meaning it has a single seam that will go right up your bum (a panel-back like KCNY used to use and like Hanes and most boxers still do is slightly more expensive to manufacture, but prevents wedgies).

The inseam is very short, the outseam billows, and the cut is a size small (like most KCNY.  If you've worn KCNY boxers before, size to that).  At this point they're clearly just peddling cheap undies on Kenneth's name.  My advice: don't bite.  You can do better.  Much better.Hurts between the toes. Ouch!too narrow for 9 medium feet.when the tulle holding the flowers in place has a hole on arrival it turns into a headache and the dress gets a space with no flowers at the bottom because of it. I wouldn't recommend more than one wear.My daughter had these 5 weeks and both shoes ripped along the velcro line and are unable to be worn now.  such a waste of $.  of course we were out of our return window.  done buy these.  the quality is terrible.runs a little large and catches/pulls on everything it touches.  disappointed.The point at which the bags strap tore itself clean out due to poor stitching after one airplane trip. The bag is still intact, but the workmanship at this price point is too poor. I would recommend other bags for far less.one of the side pieces was missing off the top right corner. it didn't come off during shipping because it was no where to be found so they knew and shipped it anyway instead of replacing it.WowNot what I expected.  It looks very rich but it feels like plastic. I returned this purchase.  I will stay with my usual brands.They are not pencil skirts the material is really cheap I wish I didn't spend my money on thisMaterial was very thin. Ordered XL but was much smaller than I expected.It's missing one silver thing in the back.These are incredibly off, size-wise. Never fail with this size, but these would barely fit my 75-lb 12 y/o.The battery was dead when i received the watch.I also received PJs with the buttons placed as for a Woman's top although they are clearly marked on the package as "Espada Men's Cozy Fleece..."  The medium is sized like a woman's small. No way to just fix the buttons and button holes. Oh, well. Should have read the reviews too. But the fabric was great, so soft!!After reading other comments I ordered a much larger size than I ordinarily wear. I HATE the fit! The bottoms are cute but the excess fabric on top does not hang the way it should. This is poorly made and just looks bad. Very disappointed.Had to return. Gorgeous shirt. Ordered a XXL because I read it ran small, it came looking like a size medium. Seems like China shirts to me. The patterns and everything were amazing, but sizing sucks.I thought this would be alot bigger, its the size of a small cosmetic bag, threw it in a drawer!These used to be really nice but this version fell apart within a monthAlready broken, links torn apart and totally unwearable.  It is pretty but am sending it back, for sure!Within a week of using it the stitching started to come apart from the backI normally wear a med  I ordered a large  because I wanted to use when I get out of the pool.  It so tight I can not wear at all.  Very small for a large.  I am 5` 7"  145 lbsBroke after one dayComfortable. Think I ordered the wrong model though. Was hoping for a more comfortable, arched insole.Really cheap jewelry for a not so cheap price. Gold doesn't match gold watch. Wantef to return but missed the wreturn window.This shoe was almost a whole size larger then the size charge says. And the pictures look better on here then in person. Looks cheaply made. Sorry I hade hopes for theI just about cannot stand these things, they pop open when I put my foot in, I might as well use the laces.  Definitely not the right option for Triathlon, go with lock laces!Kind of chintzy--but not expensive price-wise--you get what you pay for.  I do think they are cute.The fit was just fine, but I didn't like the style of the leg opening (WAY too wide.)  Looked ridiculous on!Unless your waist is 13 inches around, this won't work. It should be longer so that it can be worn from one side of your waist to the other. It is very pretty, just not wide/long enough.This is one of the weirdest tops I have ever owned. It's way more undergarment-y than the photo online suggests, almost like a girdle. I am not very high-maintenance but I would not wear this in public. It's serving its purpose as a top to wear when I want to get some sun in my backyard and don't want tan lines from straps.I purchased these leggings based on other Hue leggings.  I have at least 6  pair.  When I received these and tried them on they were baggy even though the same size as all the other leggings I purchased.  I wrote to this vendor later to let them know that these leggings did not fit at all and never heard back from them.  I did not plan to exchange them because I had waited a week or so.  I think the vendor out of courtesy could have responded.  Very disappointingj!Not the color I expectedUncomfortable fit compared to other options.very disappointed did not fit my feet - too narrow. They would look great on someone they fit. I am 7 1/2 I couldn't get my whole foot in the shoe. Also the box was delivered damaged.The fit was okay. I'm 5' 4'' and 114lb with a flat tummy (abusolutely no muffin tops), and the size 2 was a comfortable relaxed fit. What I didn't like was the texture. The material felt harsh, weird, and synthetic. Returned the dress for this reason.cheap and flemsy but it was pretty funny.This is not at all what I was hoping for. I read others reviews but I did not listen to any of them and I should have. I regret not paying attention to them. Other than it fitting well and being made of comfortable fabric it is nothing like what the seller is showing on their page. The symbol is horribly done. It is not even centered well and looks as though the machine that was printing it was running out of ink. The symbol is way to big also. I am very unhappy with my purchase, I wish I would have never bought it. On top of all that, I ordered two day shipping and did not receive it until the next week, 6 days to be exact. The item page said that there were several left in stock, it did not mention that it would be back ordered. If I would have known that I would have ordered from another seller in the first place. This is nothing more than a knock off piece of crap. I may as well have went to Wal-Mart and purchased a red shirt and then painted it on myself.cheap productTiny... for children... :(Very upset because I loved this shirt looked in the pic. Received it quicker than expected but had a hole at the neck. Stitching came undone. Undershirt was too small and outer top was too big.Design looks nice. The bottom is OK. But the top is way too SHORT & too snuggly for pajamas.Great shoes but run a size small.  Had to return them at my own expense so the free shipping wasn't worth it.  My own fault.  Should have known better than to try and buy shoes I have never worn on line.Fit great!  I have short, fat fingers.  Rabbit fur was ok, little slight.  Not leather, of course but soft.
Wore them to work Monday for the 1st time, to the office and then back home.  Upon arriving home I found the right pinky and 4th finger seam open for more than 2".  The lining was also open exposing the "crotch" between the two fingers.  I always buy middle of the road price wise.  I should have this time.  My next pair of gloves will cost $5.00 more than I had intended to pay.  Photo attached.a bit too short and too narrow.Zipper slips down! Will be sending back!I ware 2XL and the jacket ordered was the same but was 2 to 3 sizes smallI am 5"7 109 lbs 34d - 23 - 34. I am usually an xs-s in tops & 0-1 in pants. I ordered this in a large just so that it would fit flowy like in the picture & it does not. It is so small that it doesn't close over my boobs & the length barely covers my butt. The colors are beautiful & it looks like the picture but it doesn't fit like the picture. Also it's a chiffon material. The shipping was extra fast though, I received it in about 5 days. I would recommend this to someone smaller than me & I would recommend that they order the largest size available.I donot like this clothes, because the packet and the clothes' pocket was broken.
secondly the zipper isn't good.It's an awkward design and had a genuinely odd smell for the first few weeks.I received the wrong pants. Rhis is supposed to be a gift. Now what am I suppoised to do ...jeez.Long enough but not big enough.  Giving it to someone else. Disappointed. Too tight in the main body portion of the shirt.hard to use, clips takes both hands, does not fit my glasses, this is probably my fault on size, but would like to return for a credit, I'll buy one I can try first next timeWouldn't purchase again. They are super cute, but that goes away after one wear. My three year old has worn them twice and a lot of the glitter has worn off of them and they already look old.I bought this bag when my trusty old High Sierra bag gave up the ghost.  It looks very neat and the red colour makes it easy to spot on the carousel.  On the first trip to the UK the seam along one side pulled away (ripped) leaving the contents exposed to falling out.  In addition, the velcro clasp holding the handstraps together opened up numerous times and both time on the plane.  I took the bag back and a repair was made (looks OK) it will be interesting to see if the repair holds up.

The 4-wheel rolling set-up works OK but you have to push it sideways to avoid the bag falling over.  The main zip has to travel round a bend against the hard base and this can be very awkward to manipulate.  All said, this bag is a disappointment for the price.These earrings say sterling silver but after first wear they aggravated my wife's ears very bad. I would have returned them immediately but unfortunately she ' assumed" they would be ok and threw away packaging. Lesson learned.smells rotten - like made with Chinese dog furI understand that hiking pants tend to be baggy...but goodness gracious! When I unzipped the pant legs, the shorts actually looked really good on me. Very clean styling. But those pant legs...gosh. They made me look like a grandpa. I guess the problem must just be me because I can't seem to find a good pair of hiking/camping/convertible pants with a slim fit. I guess they just don't exist.

I bought pants size 32x30. They fit like if they were 32x40.I'll fitting cheap shoes. I bought E width too narrow in the toes and too wide in the heel. I normally wear 8 1/2 but these were too big. They are going back.It's only for one time one time useThe picture is not clear at all and not as colorful as the picture is  shown to buy. Also not charcoal grey but just a darker grey.I have a big head and I was swimming in this hat.When tightening belt the post pulls through to other side of buckle.Nice fitLooks can be deceivingThis watch looks cool, I got alot of compliments on it.
The functunality of this watch is terrible!
The buttons are too big and easy to push.  I would check my watch to see the time and find it re adjusted or on stopwatch mode etc.
That is a HUGE PAIN!
The glass also scratches easy.

This is such a shame, its a cool looking watch but built like crap!
Shame on you Timex!This item is a piece of garbage. I collect Invicta watches and have over 20 of them. I bought this watch to wear for nice occasions. I purchased this watch in April 2015 and wore it once. Today, October 29, 2015 I took the watch out of my watch display box to wear. Having only worn the watch once in over 5 months, the date needed to be set. I pulled out the crown to adjust the date and, to my disbelief, the crown came completely out of the watch. Now, there is no way to return the watch or get it replaced. WNot for people who have bunions or odd bones in their feet. Would be a comfortable shoe if it were wider.Tried to return the shoes, the post office wanted to charge half the cost of the shoes,not worth it.i triedLove the looks of my watch. Hate that it get moisture under the crystal and have to put it in rice every night to dry it out. It says water residtsnt but isn't so that's a lie.The can can it not long enough.Threads coming loose. The fabric is cheap feeling and thin.I only wore these shoes 2 times. Then when i took them out of the shoe box to wear a third time. One of the shoes were discolored off white while the other shoes was still a perfect white? I have no clue what caused it to change color since I did not wear them much and only wore them a max of 2 hours in two days. Terrible quality of shoe for it to change colors for no apparent reason!!Quality of the material is really average, as it could be for flip flops at all.
But main problem is sizing. My US size is 10.5, and I have oredered 11. But receiving one was waaay to small. I probably should have ordered 13.5 or something. Definitly a big problem with sizing!I'm 5'9" 178lbs and I prefer a fitted shirt, not too tight but not loose either. A medium worked fine. The only problem is I'm not getting the shirt that I paid for delivered to me. This review comes after a 2nd attempt, but still I get the wrong shirt. Wasting my time! Guess I'm going to the mall now!I have been buying Champion cotton tank tops, T shirts, and muscle shirts for years and have loved how thick and roomy they are - 100% cotton - this review is mainly for readers who see the feedback for these items but are not aware that Champion has evidently changed to a thin see through very sheer material for the tank tops - the ones I recieved through Amazon and Macy's were very cheap and thin and the material was natted into thin clumps in sections - very poor quality - I was shocked to be honest - even the great companies are cutting corners these days - how does Champion think we will not notice? Very sad day in T Shirt land ! Do not purchase if you are looking for the old Champion quality cotton shirts - I will use mine to wash the car :-)Unfortunately I returned these shoes. They were just too small, probably a full size.I'm a 34"baced on the reviews I ordered a 36",Way to big ...These pants fit decently. I'm returning them because they are not 97% cotton as advertised. They are 100% synthetic material, and have a shiny, cheap look as a result.The Lincoln Park 501 Levi's photograph and description omits to disclose that the jeans are manufactured with a through and through hole in the left thigh, and fabric rips in the right leg.  This is the third pair that Amazon has promptly replaced, and the hole is the same on all of the replaced jeans.  I now see that a through and through hole in the right upper pocket change holder is shown the Lincoln Park photograph.RIDICULOUSLY small. I ordered an XXL and it would definitely be considered a XS or S.Within an hour of wearing the liner inserts can out.I like the shoes a lot and I got them in my normal shoe size but they are a couple inches big for some reason  and don't fit right so I'm disappointed in that. But if they fit right I would tell everyone to get them because they are good shoes.Being a long time Saucony wearer, I was disappointed in the quality of these shoes. I've been reading that Vietnam-made running shoes are cheaply made and I have to concur. I will be more careful to check where they are manufactured in the future. The shoes were tight feeling and had a cheap plastic feel to the outer sections.They came in the mail damage , they were tour on one side from toe to heal.  It seems to me that someone else returned them  and they were not properly checked out before they were turn to stock Very very disappointedThought it was bigger than what it came out to beThe underwear are cute and perfect until we put them on him. This little guy is slim and the legs are to tight for him to wear.Just 2 small and I was disappointed.I ordered a Velrose Snip it pants, liner black, 4 x.

I got a white velrose snip it pants liner white medium.  You tell me I will be chrged 6.95 for a returned that you messed up.  I am very angry to say the least.  I expected at least the same color.  Anyone can make a mistake, but this is a purposeful exchanged that was not what I ordered.The ring is sized way smaller, so order a size larger than you wear. Very thin and lightweight. Does not feel worth the price paid. Returned item because I could not justify the money on such a cheaply made ring.Feels like they are made of 50 percent polyester 50 percent plastic bags.  There can't possibly be any cotton in these pants.  They are going in the garbage.Don't fixThese socks are very low quality. They are large and bulky and make it hard for your feet to fit in shoes. But at the same time, they are kind of see-through because the material isn't woven that closely together. They really lack in elasticity. Don't be fooled by the price. These socks aren't worth it.This isn't a shoe, it's a shoe brush, it's super tiny and form doesn't function. Pay attention to dimensions, get a bigger brush. KISS."Very sturdy necklace. It was exactly what I wanted and does not feel like it is going to break anytime soon. It is a pretty, simple chain." This was my original review of the item. It broke this morning. I've had it less than 20 days and the clasp has already broken. Going to try to return it to see if it was a fluke.One sock was between an inch & a half to two inches shorter than the other. This is annoying to my husband & disappointing to me given it was a Christmas gift for him & the socks are pricey. The other pair I got him were fine. The socks are quite soft, warm & comfy. We will order more & I would give 5 stars if the issue is corrected.They get 4 stars because the inner brief fits loose. Lightest pair of running shorts I have ever had. Great value in price. Have not run in them yet. Oh and these are a dark Royal then a standard royal in the color I got.

Update:
Now given Two stars. On second washing the liner was already falling apart. I should not have ever got these as I tossed them. Spend a bit more on the shorts for running and get the Badger Sports ones not the Augusta Sportswear as I got the Badgersports ones for about $5.00 more and they feel like they will last a long time.I wore this bathing suit for about 15 minutes, and the plastic clasp in the back broke. I was simply sitting in a pool! The fit was perfect-the hardware was just very cheap. I understand it's an inexpensive bathing suit, but I at least thought I could get one season out of it.Sending back way too smallThe handle split in half along its length before I even opened it. I guess i can duct tape it, because I hate waste, but I'm 'totes' disappointed. I don't think the handle is wood in the conventional sense. It might be some sort of particle board or pre-chicken-mcnugget cellulose slurry.It is good for cards, it does not fit US dollars without folding over twice. Disappointing and not feasible for use as a wallet.

I use this to carry permits when i am boating/backpacking/etc, but it's useless to me day-to-day.boot is nice looking in the box. but when its on the foot the shaft of boot is too wide and wasn't flattering on my legs.This didn't make it through the cruise.  It ripped on our first excursion.Does not look like photo at all. Color is different and there is no fade at all. Cheap looking. Would like refund.please contact me.not as expected,bad fitThe XL was way too big so I bought a Medium which was too smalltoo small and very cheap materialBroke within days of having itBought the product and didn't like it. Very cheap so I returned it about 3 months ago and I still haven't got my money back. Plus it's fake so don't waste your time with these bumsNo stretch at allNot the product shown. The glasses I received are plastic, not the wire glasses shown. I don't have time before my event to return them, but I'm really disappointed. Had I known, I would have ordered WIRE FRAMES FROM ANOTHER VENDOR FOR THE SAME PRICE.This item is poor quality even for the price and I would not recommend it. This is a folding bill clip wallet. It is unwieldy and just a design flaw. Find a better wallet.These boots definitely are 16" in the calf. I couldn't even get them zipped up all the way!!!Garbage! Do not order from this seller! Seams crooked, white threads hanging, cheaply made with cheap material. Product ships from China, no return slips or info, I wear 12/14 the large fits the size of an ant.  Difficulty contacted Seller, kept getting error message, page not found! See photos! Cheap price = Cheap merchandise!Was nice when purchased ,but a month later top of vest on both sides are ripped ,, will let ya know how they fixed the problem!!!!too bigthe size runs perfect! but one of the strips went off, first day that were used!!!! really really disappointed!!!!Too big and clumsy looking for a small wristThe quality is low and the fabric is cheap.  The picture and item don't match.  It left me out $ because of the shipping that was never offered for return.  I would recommend staying away.I needed a new pair of running shoes and these caught my eye. I have a larger build and some wear and tear on my body from years of heavy weight lifting and martial arts. These shoes looked great and the idea of extra impact cushioning appealed to me. I wore them for about 2 weeks doing nothing more than brisk walking and light jogging on both a treadmill and pavement before both soles completely separated from the rest of the shoe and began flopping around. This made the shoe unusable and presented a trip hazard. Reading other reviews online, I quickly found that while a small percentage of people had positive things to say about these, many had the shoe fail very quickly in the same way I experienced. I returned them and the seller issued a complete refund. Adidas was a brand I once considered quality. It seems they have joined the masses by outsourcing production and using cheaper materials. I am disappointed as the shoe was very comfortable and did seem to provide extra impact cushioning, but failed so quickly. As a side note, these fit snugly so I ordered half a size larger than I normally wear. I will no longer buy Adidas products.The color does not illuminate as it appears...it is almost navy color in appearance and not impressive.  I ordered an 8mm thinking it would be the correct size, and, for the price, maybe I would take a chance on a China product.  It was very small... I would suggest a size chart comparison.  It took about 3 weeks to arrive.Glasses look great! With one problem: one of the screws is loose. These shades will probably last me a couple weeks before it completely falls off and makes the glasses un-usable. If not for that it would be be 5 starsI have low expectations of costumes in a bag but this one despite being cute is see through and really, really short.
My husband is going alone as the bunny now for Halloween while I try to find another costume idea.Much too large.Way too small! Make sure you order up. But love the colors and how they are made.Very soft fabric but sleeveless ware extremely light.Way too small!I keep buying the same 541 and they all fit perfectly but this color in particular is very small and it is not loose like othersNot pleased with the fit.  Not sure what body type they were made for. Not happy about having to pay return postage.Okay, so these have absolutely no give to them; they do not stretch AT ALL. They served their purpose for a costume at work but luckily I have a job that I sit most of the day because every time I got up they were sliding down. They were incredibly uncomfortable, certainly not suitable for women with a bigger tush but they are super cute. They are really very shiny so if that's all you're looking for then these are going to be a hit.These came bent & mangled. I'm pretty sure they aren't 3mm either they are super small. I'm not happy with this purchase for my 6 month old.The prints on the inside are very cute, as were the ruffles on the leggings. Unfortunately, the quality of the items is very cheap and I question if they'll make it through a wash. I thought being a Gerber product they would be of high quality...wrong. This was a disappointment for a first baby arriving in a special family. I'll be getting her something else, definitely NOT this brand.Thin fabric, shrank a TON even when washed in cold water and dried on delicate, cool cycle. Unimpressed.The fabric, colour and size were all different from the picture. Unusable. Offered 2 dollar refund after complaining. No thanks. Keep all of my money.I got it without the pink flower my daughter was so sadThese were a birthday gift for my daughter to go with her first ear piercing.  She loves cats, and these were so cute!  It is really too bad and disappointing that they got lost in two days.  Especially considering that I was careful to get screw backs so that they would NOT get lost.  The posts were short, and they did NOT stay screwed on.  Even I did id my self to make sure. :'(I bought this backpack to take on a trip to the Mediterranean in May 2013.  I used it for a couple days and the zipper on the front pocket broke completely off.  I had trouble keeping a regular size water bottle in the side pockets, and one of the ties on the side pockets frayed and bunched up after only two days.  What a waste of money.  I would not recommend this to anyone. It is in the trash now!Sleeves too short and not the soft chamois material I'm used to.Paid the extra money for next day DELIVERY and it didn't come. Wasn't happy about that. Left out of town the day it came the only reason why I bought the product was for my trip didn't even get to use it.Laces are starting to fray after only a few months. Thought these were heavy duty? Going to be asking for replacement pair.Like many others have stated one shoe seems to be a size larger than the other. The left shoe was tight to get on my foot but fit well once on. The right shoe my foot would slide right in and out of and wouldn't stay on my foot at all. This is more than feet being a slightly different size or a shoe being stretched out. It appears there is an actual manufacturing problem.Come up VERY small. Usually wear a 34, ordered 36 to be safe and was very tight. Leg length is off also, 30 leg was long.Not American made and the quality reflects it.  I kick myself for not thinking to check.  Luckily, these are simply to throw into various outdoor bags and survival gear; not for daily use.  Still, I will find "Made in USA" bandanas next time and pay more if needed.
Misty Mountain Fog Dragon, VAI am not see any return money back in my account yet, price I pay is $64.99SUPPOSE TO BE 39  WAS PROB A 20it's very cute and comfy. but the bottoms are very very see through and I don't think I'll be wearing them swimming. I wish I would've known that they were that see through.It's a little loose I'm a size 6 and I got a large because typically any suit I've ordered in Amazon comes from China and is 2 sizes smaller than usual but this large is a little big on me. The top is cute the bottoms look jenky. I don't know why I don't see an option to post a pic. If u are small bust it doesn't look as great as the photo there's no padding and the nips will def show when it's chillyNot made with qualityUncomfortable.  Felt like I strapped a two-by-four onto my foot.  They have absolutely no "give" to them.  Too bad, they look really cute.not as tough or durable as it looks i am a correctional officer, the watch only lasted 2months before it stopped telling time and the buttons on the side started falling off, i will not buy another one of these watches they are NOT durableif you are looking for reliable earrings for your little one, do not purchase these!  the backs are not secure!The cups don't fit smoothly. This is the size I normally wear and the cups were too large. I had to return it.These are great looking shoes, but the toe box is not roomy enough for me. They fit snug across there.The screw on back is so tiny it is almost impossible to use.  Need much larger screw back. Stud ball is great.Cheaply made and company does not stand behind their productAfter two days doesn't workThis pair of shoes is not true, is imitation goods from ChinaI buy is 8 2E us, remove the insole is to have a look at 8.5 us. Very disappointedPictures show  have leather grain, In fact  no grain leather Very disappointedFeel fooledWhy would you make pants with no pocketsIt looks great on my son except I realized that the vest was one size and the pants were another.... very unfortunate.the size you send is not the size i choase and since i am from egypt it is not at all easy to return it besides i baid a lot of money as taxes and shipping so it is a big lossWas suppose to arrive almost three weeks ago. Just got it the other day. Needless to say I don't need it now. It was for a wedding. Looks nice otherwise.badThese shoes hurt. I gave them away. Not comfortable at all.It is okay. It just isn't as big as it appeared. Only holds basic paper cards.The photo of the dress is in the color yellow, we clicked on the photo and it said yellow, now suddenly it says mustard.  Never had a problem  like this with Amazon purchases before.  Not pleased.  Will return if granddaughter does not like the color.I've had good luck with the Bulova/Accutron brand in the past, I have several in my collection.  I did not yet have a Precisionist in my collection and purchased this one during a recent online sale.  The watch arrived with (2) issues: 1)screw down crown would not unscrew (appeared to be cross-threaded), 2)the hour hand was misaligned (was not aligned with the hour marker when the minute hand was at "12").

This one is going back.The shirt I did receive was nice enough. Good quality, color true to what I expected. However, I ordered a pack of 10 shirts and only received a single shirt, and when contacted the seller it was suggested that the package came open and 9 of the shirts fell out??? Come on. Order at your own risk. I would strongly recommend NOT ordering, there are plenty of other T-shirts from other, more reliable and honest sellers.Unfortunately, the shoe felt cheap - like an imitation of the Timberland Euro Dub. Firstly, it was too big in size so perhaps I should have ordered a 12. Nevertheless, I would have sent them back due to the shoe being cheaply made. I felt if I did wear them, the shoe would fall apart within days. That's how cheaply made they were.
I would not buy these again, at least not through Amazon.Broke within a month of useThe size I got for this top was okay, but the top itself just isn't very comfortable.  Not flattering either.It is much lighter in real life - almost white!ordered a xxl, fits extremely tight. not true to size fits more like a medium. highly disappointed because it's a pretty top.I buy Asics shoes every year, as I believe they make the best running shoes.  But I didn't buy these shoes for running,  I bought them because I'm a huge Orioles fans and these shoes are the perfect match for my jerseys.  The shoes are fine for game days, but don't buy them if you are a serious runner.  Buy the more-expensive Asics models.I'm a 32F, but usually find that most 32DDD's will fit me more comfortably. That said, I thought this bra would be a winner. They offered my size, and it's such a cute bra (a hard find for sizes D & up). Unfortunately, if you are like me, this bra will absolutely not fit you. The 32DDD is more of a 32 C or D. Especially with all the padding. When it arrived, I took one look at it and knew it was a dream best to be forgotten. Other bras in this size that I bought fit me fine- the Wacoal 32DDD was perfect, but this one particular bra was just so outrageously the wrong size that I want to warn other women: If you are a 32D or up, this bra is not for you, no matter what the sizes say.Very comfortable and warm. HOWEVER, I am adding this 4-5 months later. The bottoms of both these slippers ripped after less then 3 months of normal wear, ON A CARPET! The eyelets tore out in a month. Frankly not worth the money. Yes, they are inexpensive but they are made very cheaply. Wouldn't buy them again. I will need to buy another pair for next winter already. Ive had slippers last decades, let alone less then 1/2 a year. Very disappointing.Too thin and not as expected.
I could not put much in it.
Will not be using it....good give away bill fold.watch out ,,,some of shirts are made funny...one side is longer than the otherBent cuff.  I bought this as a birthday gift for someone who is a Marvin The Martain fanatic.  The packaging was fine, and I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary. It wasn't until the recipient opened it and noticed that the cuff was bent near the hing. For what I paid, I'd think there'd be better quality control.  Save yourself the headache and embarrassment and inspect it immediately upon receipt.  Also saves from any heartache for the person you're buying it for.doesn't fit as the site said it would. Very expensive and dosent look like it is supposed to.I ordered a XXXL.  I received a shirt that had a XXXL tag, but it was equal to a regular Large.  I couldn't wear it.  Complete waste of money.I am not very pleased the way these fit and how thin they are. When I got them in the mail and tried them on for the first time I figured they would be like a normal sock. I thought wrong they are way too small and tear easy. Worst buy.The colors of iron on were very full Not happy with it at all!!Cute but XL is actually a medium.These Levi 527's are not cut the same way as the ones you buy from a department store or factory outlet.
I am somewhat disappointed.Runs smallI am very disappointed in this shirt.  I saw my neighbor wearing a Piko top, looked at the tag and searched for a Piko 1988 top.  I went with this one based on the description and positive reviews.  The stitching on this is cheap, the tag does not say 1988, and the fit is very unflattering.  It is longer in the FRONT and shorter in the back! Nobody wants that! It is completely boxy, and does not have the pictured curve around the bottom.  I believe this shirt is a poor rip-off of the Piko brand.  Also, the sleeves are ridiculously tight while the rest of the top is huge.  I am postpartum and wearing a 12-`14 in pants and a large in tops.  I went with a medium and it's still got lots of extra room. Additionally, the neckline is much more narrow than pictured.  All in all, this shirt is cheap and not as pictured.  It is going back ASAP.Don't buy it! Made super cheap way! Looks horrible !Not even close to website picture! Fit probably only Barbie doll. Can believe Amazon actually let them use their website!I bought a 3-6 month but it's more like a 6-9 month.I needed a bra for a sheer lace formal gown. Too overly structured for me. I went with a Glamorise womens multi way adjustable demi bra instead. Way more comfy and got the job done.Sleeves catch when I extend my armsThis was way too small. My fault I should know better. Clothes from China is sized totally different.It's darker color what I saw online I would like to return itNot loving this new material. .too heavy and also reduced at the width and size is way off..  Still looking for the origina material I first bought.Love the look and the thicker sole of these, however they were way too tight!  I wished they weren't.  I sent back.  I have 2 other Sanuks that fit perfect.  Was disappointed they fit too tight.Not the material I expected...it looks cotton in images but its like a polyester..they did give me a refundI ordered these in an XL which should have been roomy enough for me (I'm a size 12). They barely fit my friend who is a size zero. Waste of time and money when the sizing os sooooo off.Htr blue is a cobalt blue, depicted as lighter blue very disappointed.I loved the sandal. Everything about it was perfect. I could see where some people say it was too narrow, but it just seemed to hug my feet in all the right places. I was nervous it was going to rub me wrong  and I'd get a blister on the back of my heel but I wore them all day for a wedding sun up to sun down and perfect. I wish I didn't have to give it a one star rating, but my sandals broke after only one day. I'd expect if I'm paying $30+ for SANDALS they would last. Bummer...Great looking t-shirt but fit way to snug.This is not a dark orange/rust color. It was bright orange. In fact, too bright to wear. Wasted money. Not as seen in photo.I am 5'1, 110lb and I looked like I was swimming in the XS size for these pants (this was the smallest size available for these pants in all stores I went to). I was so happy when I discovered the XXS size online, in petite/short. The pants were perfect EXCEPT--after about 4 months of wearing them, my first pair ripped at the crotch. I thought perhaps I wasn't being careful, so I bought another pair and was careful not to do any stretching (like tying my shoes). I washed using "delicate" cycle and air-dried only. Months later, another hole in the crotch. This time I thought perhaps it was the seller's fault (perhaps I purchased knock offs), so I bought 2 more of these otherwise perfect pants from a different seller. Sure enough, I just discovered a hole in the crotch for one, and the last pair I have looks like the seam is on the verge of ripping. These pants are just very thin and don't last very long. I wish they did last because they are the perfect fit (no flare, no dragging along the floor, low-rise, did not make my hips look huge).I always wear the Ecco Yucatan but after reading some reviews decided to try the Cheja model. The fit was slightly smaller. The mid outside of the sandal gaped so did not fit my foot snuggly. A bigger size would have been worse. It was a lighter sandal but did not have the cushioning/support I expected as it was advertized as being good for hiking. I returned it and will order another pair of Yucatan for backup. The price for the Cheja is less but the lower price tradeoff was not worth it.I bought the sunglasses because the product description said it is made in Italy, i was surprised when i received the sunglasses that it is made in china. this product should be removed from amazon, or the product description should be corrected. i wish i can return it and get my full money back !!!!Had it for 2 weeks and it broke..... the worst $15 bucks i ever spent... WHY DO THEY EVEN MAKE THESE CHEAP PIECES OF CRAP WATCHES???Very poorly made .  Would not recommend.  Size is not accurate.Way too smallGarbage, arrived with a stain on it.I love Zevas and have quite a collection of them. But this pair came and they don't fit right at all
and color is different then what is shown. I hate them and have not worn them but once. I email
the place and never heard back. Don't get me wrong Zeva's are awesome but not this pair.Very very narrow.low qualityI found them to be poor quality, too small, and after one washing not very useful.  I ordered the largest size and they were still too small and it felt like I really to force them on.  I wore them once to my yoga class, but they are not something that are useful for me.  They may work for others.This was my second pair of Minnetonka thong sandals, so I was hopeful they would be the same quality of the first pair I bought a few years ago.  Not so!  These sandals look great, but they are difficult to walk in because the part between your toe and the upper part stretched out, so your foot sort of flops around in them.  The fit was good at first, but now too large.  I still wore them once in a while, but only if I didn't have to walk far.  Cold weather now, so I put them away for the season, but will be searching for a different sandal next spring.I love the mommy / baby elephants and "tons of fun" slogan on this -- great for a chubby, growing baby boy!  That said, this fits my chubby-but-average sized four month old, and I bought the 6-9 month size.  The onesie shirt seems to run small and I don't think he'll be able to wear it past 6 months, tops.

I do recommend this outfit, but recommend buying a size up.

Update: After a few wearings and washings, the outfit is even smaller and the fabric on the shirt has pilled.  I'm disappointed in the quality of this outfit.The idea of this machete is great!
But it broke and leaked the"blood" all over my carpet and sofa, not great!
Was very disappointed to say the least.I bought these to mow the yard in wet weather.  They let water in at the soles.  I wouldn't buy these for walking in the rain either.Looks great but much smaller than expected.Locking Pin Jams and doesn't workFabric feels like leggings or the new work out wear you may buy.  It does look like a blazer but the fabric does not allow for it to fold in right places.  I thought about keeping but after the first wash, I wondered the damage that would happen.  It fit a little small,but would order the next size up to allow for shrinkage.Love the quality and color of the product - BUT THE SIZE IS COMPLETELY WRONG.  I ordered a larger size in case what I read in other reviews was true----to NO AVAIL.  I normally wear an XL or dress size 12/14.  I purchased a size 3X which should have been fine with room to tighten the corset and have ribbon to spare in the back.  SHOULDVE gotten a 5XL.I was very dissatisfied with this product. The photo shows it covering hips and tapered at the waist. This is not the case. It is short, and large, and doesn't not taper at the waste at all. In addition, after one wash, I have lint balls and discoloration.The bag I received stank horrendously, and it was impossible to air out so was totally unusable. Went through their return procedure, and 5 weeks after confirmation of receipt of the returned item they still claimed a refund would be made as soon as the bag was received. Luckily I used AMX for the payment, and their claim service had my refund in 3 days. Quality of the bag was suspect, flimsy material and zippers. Every warning flag for a cheap Chinese knockoff.The only one that was close to fitting was the Calvin Klein extreme slim fit. I have an 18" neck (no room with a 17.5") and a 32" waist with a reasonably athletic build.

Feels like something I'd wear after jumping out of a plane.As an endurance athlete, I go through my fare share of sunglasses/ shields for training. As such, I tend to try new styles as I find them on sale or clearance. I tried these Xloop glasses as they appeared in my Amazon 'recommended for you' area. Well, I ordered a pair for under $8. And, as the saying goes, you do get what you pay for. The fit is small and snug on my big head, and the placement and thickness of the nose pads makes them ride hide high on my face. So, these are probably best passed on to my girlfriend or our 3rd Grader. I will continue to use the other pairs I have on the dresser.Not what it looks like Amazon this the last order you will get from meI ordered this for my sister who is a size 12 and it's waaaaayyyyy too small.  You can't even bend your arms even with a tank top on. This was a birthday present and now that it's over 30 days am I still stuck with a jacket that doesn't fit anyone I know?The fit is at least a full size too big, maybe even two sizes.Everyone said that this jacket ran big.  Its a womans not a junior so I ordered true to size.  The sleeves are tight and the body fits ok with something light underneath.  How this jacket looks in the picture and how it hangs in real life are two entirely diferent things.  If I can send these back with out spending too much...back they go!!!  If not I guess I will give them away.  Bulky and Ugly.no they didn't meet expectationsFeels like a cheap hat. Wouldn't recommend buying itThis shoes are beautiful, awesome (in design deserve 5 star)... but have one big problem: are  uncomfortable in the area near to the ankle (too hard), you can't use walking for half hours continuously.  ,These do not fit. Bought them to ride my horse with (as sometimes glasses don't fare well) very painful behind the ears  and don't stay put.Broke the second day.This ring looks like just a cheap, very thin piece of metal.Belt was as described but much shorter in length than stated. Don't know if they sent wrong belt length or if that was the actual product. Not worth returning because of price. Will donate to Goodwill. After further checking I would recommend buying one size longer than you think you need. While the XL size says it stretches to 50 inches the usable length is still 45 inches. Be safe and buy the next size up. If your a "big" man like me 40 inch waist you're out of luck.That's too bottons not working. Only accesoris?Poorly made. . .Once you take off all but two of the jewelry's it's fine.  If you don't do this your earlobes are going to tear down to your shoulders.Much smaller than expected.  Bought a large and gave it to my 8 year old nephew.Wow I look like a potato sack that tried to make its own clothesThese look great on the website, but are very unattractive in real life. I love my 5 finger shoes, but these are just not right. They are huge too. I'm returning them.The sipper of one of the bags broke after one day of use. Disappointing :(The product looks nothing like the picture advertising it. Very cheaply made. The bottoms literally are see through and are granny panties. I am have never been more disappointment and upset. Do not purchase!I'm not sure why they've decided to do split soles, but it's a bad idea. I had them on 5 minutes before I rolled my heel. The front pad doesn't line up properly to your natural ball and leaves you feeling off balance. Also, the pad doesn't line up to the front of your toes and you're left putting weight on the folds of the shoe fabric. Not so great for dancing.Very small.Right out of the package, we could see that this item was way too small. So small in fact, it went right back into it's packaging for return. My 2 Cents: When selecting size, opt for the next size or second size up. Item was as described; Hanes Women's Low Cut Cushioned Athletic Sock (Pack of 10).Writing fell off after about 10 washes.The material shoes are made of rubs and burns skin. Walking was painful. Only wore for an hour. Couldn't take the pain any longer. When I did finally get the chance to take them off I had deep impressions on feet, which didn't go away for hours. Don't recommend shoe, unless you have high tolerence for pain.Hickeys are not good if your working out. They don't provide the support you get from laces. I tried them, resulted in severe foot cramps.too thin... runs big.Not the colors shown! I bought for the purple & black knowing the white would be useless to me... I got black, white and nude- not purple! I will be returning as I'll only wear the black pair & that'd be one expensive pair of Hanes.Beautiful bracelet but the blue coloring rubbed off after just 2 days of wear.Too cheap to withstand FedEx shipping.  I bought this lock to put on a pelican travel case just to deter anyone from opening it up.  When it arrived at its destination the lock was missing; nothing had been disturbed inside the case.  It appears it just broke off.Not the color shownnot what i expected. most of the "teeth" is actually the "gun"color didn't look like the picture and was way bigger than the other neff hat I ordered at the same time.I read the reviews for these boots and eagerly bought them as I've been looking for comfortable rainboots that don't look like they were designed for a 7-year old.  My friend also bought these boots (not long before I did) and was raving about them.  At first they seemed okay and relatively comfortable, albeit a bit bulbous and shiny for my taste (and maybe I have skinny legs but the calf area was sort of big), but I was surprised at how low they came up, hitting just above halfway up my calf.  Be warned that my pants still got wet either from splash-back or umbrella drip, I couldn't really figure it out.  After a few times of use, however, I noticed my socks were getting soaked, but at the top of my foot.  Apparently there is a very thin seam that runs along the top of the boot and that seam was not properly sealed!  So my rainboots don't work and I am returning them.The rings are nice and all but we're to small for my nose so I basically just wasted my moneyTo hard to get the right size.I bought this bag for school since that's what is it is recommended for.  The bag ripped within two weeks of use.  I contacted the company and they said, "Deal with Amazon."  What a waste of money.  Do not buy this bag, even though it looks great in the picture.way to smallonly have this bracelet for a couple of weeks and already the metal has turned...you do get 2 for the money but they really are not lasting...you get what you pay for...I already ordered a real sterling silver one because I do love the look of this bracelet!Size was perfect. Material great. Love itI have not seen the earrings which i should have gotten already please let me know whats the issue.

Nicole
ThanksNot what I expected...very heavy and several of the silver bling dots have fallen off...and the wallet is very tight and will not stay snapped...very dissatisfied with product...would return but lost my receiptAlot smaller than I expected.The collar is disproportionately large, like having a parachute around your neck sleeves are huge. Very disappointed.not sized correctlyThe picture is the color shown with the matching belt is way off, the bottom of the shorts is a wine color and the belt and bright pink...  I returned the shortsThe watch, while lovely, was difficult to readjust the wristband and when readjusted, the clasp didn't fasten.  I am returning it.The fabric is very thin, no padding for the top, and it's pretty see through. I gave it to my sister in law who is super teeny (size 0 or smaller)... but it didn't even work for her.Really cute, but probably two sizes too small. Too bad I had to return.Size US6.5, wasn't happy at all, just don't fit my feet in any way. Look like clown shoes on my feet. A smaller size would be too narrow for my foot. So just not suited for me I guess. Feel quite narrow and overlong and uncomfortable if you have a higher dorsel (top of foot).
They are well made and do look nice on other people, which was why I purchased them.
Gave them away.Slippers got a strange worn tear in the sole of the shoe within 2 months and I clicked the return item button and it won't let me return them!!  Rip off!!!I gave this as a Christmas gift.  The first time he wore it the pin that holds the band on broke. I tried for 2 weeks off and on to get in touch with the peopie at World of Watches to get a new pin.  One time I held for over 30 minutes and got hung up on accidentally.  I finally got through to them on Jan 17 and after 30 more minutes I was told they would send me a form to request a replacement pin. God only knows how long that will take.  I will never buy a watch through  Amazon again.I dance 6 nights a week salsa.  These shoes were comfy from day one.  Made from soft leather, they didn't gouge or pinch.  But they also didn't last.  They fell apart in less than a month--the leather frayed around the edges of the toes, and actually split from the sole.  If you dance once in a while, this shoe looks and fits great.  But this is not a shoe for "serious dancers."Very disappointed. I bought this for my granddaughter she loved it when she saw it. Sadly it did not fit. I intend to return it. The reviews said it ran small so I bought a size larger. It needed to be about 2 sizes larger but I got the largest size they had.  Wish it had worked out.Looks beautiful but color ships off after a whileLove the shoe but it did not fit. Runs very small. Had to return. Wanted to try a larger size but cost more.This polo looked and felt great wearing it, but after washing it just once in cold water, the white collar and button area became completely pink. I washed this shirt with other colored shirts so it's not like I washed it with a bunch of white clothes. I can no longer wear it and it's a shame.shoe ran very narrowThis is a great case quality size but the size should be Xtra small not small/ medium. I'd give it 2.5 stars. I very small glasses and they don't fit. It should say children's glass case. I have no idea how any grown adult could wear glasses that fit in here unless they fold up maybe. Seems to be made well but I don't use it. It's been sitting on the shelf since I bought it, waiting for a kid to give it too.while the make of the shirt was fine, I ordered a small and it completely swallowed me whole I am 5'5" and 140lbs,, not really a good choice if you are a woman (but we don't have choices anyway because apparently no one makes security polos for women)Not fan at all... fits smallThe stones are not the size advertised. They are TINY. Don't waste your money.The strap that comes up the arch and crosses over the front was very uncomfortable.The boots look great on the website but, not so good when you receive it. Poor return policy too. Donated them to GoodwillThe calf is very wideTerrible shoe.I love the design of these shoes and the price was right, I originally ordered them in an 9, they fell off when walking, so I returned them for a 8.5. thinking that would be the perfect fit. They are so tight it is hard to believe they are an 8.5... I normally wear an 8, so I thought for sure these would fit. Because the return shipping for the size 9 was $15/ half the cost of the shoes/ I guess I will just give them away.....sad because they are cute!Horrible
So tight and small. Have it to my 10yr old for dress up.Was disappointed.The fabric is too itchy for me and it was gigantic. I gave it to a friend.I am returning this owl backpack.  I bought the owl and the panda for my daughters.  On day 1 BOTH zippers of the panda pack separated and are now useless, and a piece of the fabric on the owl is already separating.  These are terrible quality!  Although very cute, which is why I let my daughters talk me into them in spite of the reviews.  Now I am returning them both, and my kids are very disappointed.Good fit, but side material ripped apart after 1 week of wearing them. Not sure if this was a fluke, or the norm for these shoes.Not very cushy and no arch support whatsoever. Was looking for a cheaper version of a Telic. Wont buy againThere is no way this is a 5e. Waste of my time. You should be ashamed of yourselfThey were great for the first few wears, then the dreaded pilling happened. So sad, because when I first put them on I told my Hubby they were the most comfortable leggings I've ever worn! I guess you get what you pay for! I washed them in a lingerie bag and air dried.SmallNice material and well made, however this straight slip was not made for someone with hips and big thighs.  Glad for good customer support/service.  I returned this slip, no hitch.I ordered a size 38A, and this is not the right size.  The cups are too big, and it's difficult to put the bra on, because it's not very flexible or stretchy.  I'm not really sure what happened to sports bras in the years since I bought my last 2, but I'm not sure I like where they are today.  UnderArmour was my favorite brand several years ago, and the model that I have is no longer in their product line.  I tried several different styles along with this one, and none of them are very good.  I couldn't imagine trying to put this on if my breasts were larger.Pinched my wrist and dug in.  Very uncomfortableMost uncomfortable shoe I ever set foot in!  Had to return them.Too flimsy to actually stay on my face, doesn't hold any shape and the ribbons are useless for securing to your head if you have straight or fine hair, it just slides off. Cute for looking at on the wall maybe, but not for costume use.Shrunk and the sleeves are too shortBad idea..poorly madeToo small even after looking at the sizing chartOwn three 51-30 Watches just recently sent them back to NIXON for repairs one of them needed a whole new watch Case I believe its called which is the whole main area of the watch. When I got it back i wore it the minute it came outta the packaging and by day 2 the new case had fog under the glass ????? I immediately called nixon and they asked if I wore it in the shower ??? I said YES just like I had 10,000 other times before they repaired it. Apparently Nixon has decided to get CHEAP and although they claim this watch is water proof to 300m it now cant even go in a shower or hot tub with you.. WHAT A JOKE !!! NIXON YOU HAVE LOST A LOYAL CUSTOMER DUE TO CUTTING COSTS ON GOOD QUALITY MATERIALS YOU USE TO USE....They are really cute and I was feeling nostalgic, but after years of wearing the best and most comfortable athletic shoes it came as a shock to put these on!  No cushion or support whatsoever. So much for the old days. These shoes are for the look only. If I was willing to go uncomfortable again I'd throw on my Manolos.  Easy return though. Love ya Amazon!Not the same as picture.Dissatisfied. Fell apart within a week.I  bought 2 shoe stretchers, one is defective
But they did not do te jobthey do not fitMaterial was very see-through.  Also the length is  a little on the shorter side.Shoes were way too wide for my medium width footDesigned by a goy for sure- it's missing a candle on the hanukkiah, and it's a attempt to corrupt the jewish holiday with the same commercialization and bad taste as the christian holiday.it's not cute- no one will think you are funny wearing it.It was not as described.I returned this item right away and ordered Sauconys that fit.I like the shirt but it's a little small. Amazon needs to update the size chart. The sizes are not rightas a neutral runner with very high arch, Kinvara 4 was not a good fit for me.  I can't start running mid/forefoot running no matter how hard I try, and no, I am not about to sink in $200 for a pair of running shoes, Newton or not.  So,  I wanted another pair of running shoe with lots of support.  I am not about to set the world record or trying impress anyone.  I started running for me!  The price was too good to pass.  Under $50, and I bought a half size bigger in order to use Airr insole as well.  The result?  Today I ran my best 4 miler, 37:28!  Not too shabby for a guy who started running two months ago.  This shoe is a keeper!  will report back!I'm an extra small and thus is a shirt not a cover up. I'm returning it.  It's too short !!The length of the footbed was as expected, but the toe strap was so "flat" that I could not put my foot all the way into the shoe.  So sad--I had to send them back!These are a dupe of a pair of Vince Camuto Signature loafers from a few years ago.  I wore mine out and stumbled upon these for only $20!  But, you get what you pay for.  They feel like stiff cardboard shoes and kind of look like it too.  The studs look good, but whatever material the actual shoe is made from looks super cheap.  Zero arch support, slippery bottoms, looks weirdly wide on the foot.  Just unattractive and cheap looking.  I wish I could find the originals somewhere.I bought this for my husband he will not wear it. This shirt was supposed to be 100% cotton.  It is does not feel like cotton.  This was waste.  Not just that but it was supposed to be delivered Sept 21st then changed to Sept 27th I did not get it until the 29th.It's been one month and one of these earrings is already broken!  I really liked the look of them and had worn them almost every day!  Not my best purchase!Due to narrowing of the toe, the size selected needs to be larger than one would usually choose.Was looking forward to having them because I can't get to the store, but when I put one on, the cup size was way to small.  I can't get to the post office to send them back...Very cheap lookingToo heavy for my earlobes, so I sent 'em back; however, they were nice looking and someone with sturdier earlobes might like them.Gorgeous styles and fabric, but not true to the average American sizing.  Large was way to small for my husband who takes a large just fine in Calvin Klein and other popular designers.  We had to pass the three shirts we ordered down to a much slimmer relative.These do not fit an Oakley Crankcase Frame.  They are much to large and there is no way they will go into the frame.  Please see my picture below.quality is very cheep lookingthese run way too small.  Made for small butts and hips. Im a size 7-9 in pants, so a medium.  Get yourself a large or extra large.After trying on these shoes, I don't understand how there are so many good reviews. There is a seam that runs down the inside of the shoe that feels unnatural and is very uncomfortable. I have a few other pairs of Puma and they do not have this seam. The second issue is that the color description says "Black/white" yet the stripe on the side is actually a tan/off-white color. The sole is white but the stripe is off-white causing the stripe to look dirty right out of the box. It looks like someone splashed dirty pond water on the side of a new shoe. I'm returning these shoes.I loved it while it lasted, However it broke very very easyWe ordered a medium, the company delivered a small & they said even though they sent the wrong size, they won't send the correct size because they are out of stock.  If they were out of stock, they should not have mailed the wrong size.  The dress is of very low quality--I do not recommend this dress.  It does not look anything like the picture.Poor quality. All 3 pairs ended up with holes after 1st or 2nd wear! Ridiculous.I'm a s/m size...read it was too small and ask for large and it fit. I'm a 34b cup and the top felt a little bit big. The bad thing is that after 3 times it turned yellow
Very fashionable but poor quality if you want to wear it twice it is okThe bifocal is uneven and the glasses press against my eyes.  Very uncomfortable.They were so uncomfortable and hard I sent them right backI wanted this dress to work , the print is really pretty ( I bought the rust colored one ) I ordered a M. I usually wear a size 8. Well the one I received is labeled M but its no M , its more like an XL, its way too large .Disappointed , Im returning the dress .The under wires ripped through the 3rd day I wore this. The stitching for the crossover came apart also.  I am very disappointed as it was a very flattering swimsuit.Love the look but the fit was WAY TOO SMALL! I wear a 6 to a 6.5..... this 6.5 fit like a 5.5. That small!! But super sharp, so maybe ill reorder?I purchased these shoes for my husband for Fathers Day and he wore them twice before they started coming apart.  The leather strips started coming loose.  These shoes cost too much money for them to be coming apart!Nice but one shoe have problems to turn on the lightsWay too short in the crotch and seat.Fades as soon as you get it. Fits waaayyy too small.I don't normally do this, but I initiated a return because the color I received was dark pink, NOT the color shown. Two days after the return expired, I tried to print the return label but couldnt. My bad, right? So I open it up to wear, and theres a big BLACK spot on it! So now, I cant return it or wear it!!!It was too smallStopped working with 10 days, and after purchasing a new battery (I had to pay for that myself), that only lasted two days, and the watch quit again. Fortunately, I bought this thru Amazon, and the return was very easy, but the disappointment was that this watch just didn't work. Easy return and quick credit to my charge card, however, did make me feel a whole lot better.Zipper broke within a few days.  It is ripping at the seems.  Poor quality.  CheapThey are too long and Dont fit around my earstones started coming out in third wear. looked very pretty when I wore it first time. it seems the quality of stone work is not good.. they are coming out very fast..Way to small.  Too much crap spilling over top. Just wrongI immediately returned these because they were too tight in the toe. I had another pair of Dr. Scholl's black tennis shoes, and they fit perfectly, but not these.Do not know why CK dress line of shirts seem to be so poor in terms of fit and quality compared to its jeans and sportswear brands, the dress shirts have a lot of loose threads and pulls, I can button all my other 17.5 in neck shirt buttons except ck dress which are supposed to be the same measurememt according to the CK tag.These shoes are just like all the other expensive shoes, the cheap glue doesn't last long. I have purchased 4  pairs of New balance and Nike
air Monarch shoes and they all use the same crappy glue. I think its pathetic that you pay $60 to $80  and within 4 months the glue on the sole comes apart. with this said, I have been buying Walmart $16 Avia and a couple other brands that are just as comfortable and when they do come apart, I don't feel as upset, I just go buy another $16 pair. If you look they are made in Vietnam right next to the expensive shoes.The sole of the sandal fit but it was the straps that were too rigid & too high up on my ankle.  I took them off & returned immediately.Ewww. stiff as cement.  It's going back.  I'm disappointed.I bought a 2xl and it fits my friend that wears a large. Thats what I get for buying this online.I thought it was a bag that I could carry my laptop. It was to small. However, I like the little bag that was attached to it. I sent it back because of the size.Lets just say the picture does it a lot of justice. It was a dollar, it's worth about a dollar, forever21 would sell it for $5, so I think I got a deal, but the middle clear jewel has hot glue all around it and makes it look super cheap. Fun for young girls, embarrassing for 20 something's and up.I didn't realize that the shoe laces are elastic.  They are not adjustable, therefore too tight for my high arches.  am returning them.I gave the hoodie to my sonI got the watch, and while putting it on for the first time the material on the watch strap flaked out, literally out of the box, extremely disappointedI thought the soul would be so comfortable but they just didn't fit well.Runs small. cheapThey came to me broken.  Lens were out.  Very unhappy!They will feel as comfortable as if you wrenched on Barbie's plastic shoes.....nasty, not even as nice as plastic....a kind of cardboard plastic. Are they even made for a human foot???We bought these for our 10 month old son. We are a Bog loving family with everyone wearing them. We thought that these would be just as nice. They are extremely warm, but they fall off his feet CONSTANTLY, so he tends to be in nothing. I've tried tighten them all the way in the back but they still fall off. It is extremely annoying especially when it is freezing out. Another issue is that the stitching on the toe has torn and the print is wearing off so now it just looks black. For the price we paid for these I was hoping they would hold up much better than this.This was listed as petite, yes if you weigh 300 pounds.The shoe didn't fit my foot size even though it was a 9.5. I still have it in my house packed coz I can't wear it.I ordered a medium and received something small enough to fit a small child, not an adult.NOT leather so I sent it back since my daughter for whom it was supposed to be a gift refused it.Cool design but WAY too stiff . Returned itBE PREPARED if you buy these. They looked really cool and seemingly good quality but I couldn't even get them on. I ordered two sizes bigger than what I usually wear, and they were another 2 sizes smaller than that. I usually wear a medium and ordered an extra large and couldn't get these past my knees. Unless you are a small or extra small (aka size 1-3) do not try these.couldn't even pass my legs i was so madSays waterproof, but wasn't too satisfy. Not as good as it says. Wasn't waterproof.I wanted to love these boots. Darling! Great price! However, the fit is so awkward I have to return them: They pinch in the toes, but the heel slips. The calves are baggie even on my 15.5" calf. Although I could live with those fit issues because the boots are SO CUTE, I have to return them because they slouch in a strange way around my ankles and half way down my calf - so weird! If you need an extra wide calf, maybe these boots would fit properly. Maybe hugging your calf would keep them from strangely slouching. Worth a try for such a stylish boot!Too wide in waist but too short in back rise. A bit too much spandex in fabric. Will have to give away.Way too small for an S size. Maybe if Order one size bigger will fitI bought these because I'm a runner and need wife calf boots. Very comfortable but the fake leather began to crack, tear and peel after 3 times worn. Very, very disappointed the return/exchange policy is over after 30 days. I bought these boots in October and it was over 80 degrees in Tennessee until Thanksgiving. Only able to wear them since then, which was past the 30 day policy, and now they look awful. Recommend against buying.too small and sitting in my bedroom as too late to return or replace!cheaply madeSaid it was a youth extra large but would not fit my 10 year old.  Much smaller than expectedArmpit to bottom length rediculously short. Looks very strange.Too small. Not a true Medium. More like an X-tra smallThis leggings aren't meant for anyone over 5'2. I ordered them and they were too short, about calf length and I'm 5'5. Other than that they were super soft on the inside and I got a lot of compliments on the print. I wish I would have read the reviews before I ordered them.The right shoe was size 8.5 and the left shoe was size 7.5I wasn't happy with the item. It broke very easy just from wearing it, not even playing with it. Guess you get what you pay for.Very extreemmllllyyyyyy small like if it were a dress for a baby.You get what you pay for. For those that don't know silk, it feels very nice. For those that know, it feel like a cheep party table cloth. Fit is great.I had read good reviews and decided to spend the extra money on these, but when you wear them, it feels like it's all spandex and barely cotton. They're itchy and uncomfortable! A more reasonable price would be sub-$5While trying to remove a link pin so I could shorten the band, a link snapped. I did not put a lot of pressure on the band, just a couple taps to get the end of the pin exposed enough so i could get pliers on it.
As I removed it from its box, I realized that it had to be handled carefully when I felt how light it felt.
It needs a better band or instructions and warnings for shortening.I was hoping to love this dress but you could only wear it as a cover up because it is so shear. Not only that but the one that came had a tear at the zipper that was fairly large. My fianc lauhed at how awful this dress was. I didn't even try it on because it was shear and damaged.the tortoiseshell leather is good in concept, but didn't look as good in person.the material was a little too thin..you'd have to wear a cami underneath. Didn't like the buttons. Item is being returned.They are not at all the size the picture showed, they are too small and I could not wear them to my tea, I have given them away, they are horribleNew Balance has made some very poor decisions in redesigning my favorite shoe, the WW811 Walking Shoe. The WW812 now has a lower back, so that the shoe does not grip the foot at all in the back.  With the toe of the shoe having two elastic gores which stretch with each step, the shoe constantly slides off the foot. This shoe would be more properly called a "Slide" than a "Mule" style. I had previously worn the 811 shoe for several years (4 pairs), and it was the most comfortable walking shoe ever.  I have had 3 failed foot surgeries, and the wide toe box on this shoe prevented excessive pressure on my toes. I am returning the WW812 shoes, and would advise anyone who previously bought the 811 style to not bother trying this revised shoe.  It is a disaster.The jeans fit like I expected, but the material seems very lightweight. They feel more like some made in a country scrimping on the weight of the cotton used in the jeans.Terrible, poor quality, they show something different on website, the material is very poorWhen these arrived they where definitely a lot larger then an average 18month size. Although very cute I washed them once and the decal on the shirt already cracked, I would not recommend this productThe pole is made if cheap plastic, it snapped in a wind gust during our first use of the product. I would invest a sturdier umbrella.low qualityWay too big does not fit the definitionSo called silver is coming off its copper colored underneath same with the sisters charm  disappointedarrived broken- replaced and broke. Flimsy and cheap in quality.I got this as a gift.  It is not easy to use.  If the luggage is very heavy you will have trouble holding it up long enough to get a reading. I could not get the same reading twice for the same item, and it was not accurate.  Digital scale that I know is accurate to within a tenth of a pound showed 49.0 lbs.  Tumi scale showed 46.1.  When I try to hold it with one hand the clips that are intended to hold the strap in place for storage dig into my fingers.  I have to use two hands to avoid the pain.I opened the package, took the wings out, and the straps broke immediately. All I did was touch it and it broke. Terrible quality.It fell apart soon as I placed3 charms inside n went to close it.glass broke and NO I DIDNT over stuff it. ILL STICK TO ORIGAMI BRAND for locketsI like this top. It is a bit long on my already long body and the color is more of a red color. However, overall I can see myself wearing this often, because it is comfy. So, if you have a short body this is not the sweater for you and if you truly want pink this is not the sweater for you. If you want something that feels like a towel and comfy this is the top for you.The magnets don't work well. They are not strong enough. They are vet loose. I already lost one in 3 days. I would like a refund or another good pair.This literally broke the first time I picked it up. The clasp mechanism was painted plastic and just disintegrated. That would be worth one star. But... it's such a pretty necklace that I decided to just use a safety pin to improvise a clasp, and I've worn it several times, and received many compliments. I'd love to have a quality version of this style, because it really does change the look of a simple shirt, and can boost a ho-hum outfit instantly.It came with a Wide tag on it , it's to wide for me i don't like it at allI bought this shirt when it was on sale.  The fabric felt nice and the shirt fit well, but it is see through.  Since I'm sure no one wants to see my nipples I'm returning this shirt.My package only had the bandanas I didn't have an American headband!I ordered this exact same product a few years ago and decided to buy another batch because the elastic started to give out after a couple years of constant use.  Boy, am I disappointed.  First off, the elastic band stitching quality looks practically pixelated compared to what it looked like a couple years ago for what is supposedly the exact same product.  The legs are shorter, as another poster mentioned, by about 1.75".  I also ordered gray and black (two packs) and received one gray and black but the other one had camouflage instead.  No idea why, but I wouldn't care if the quality weren't so bad.  The fabric is a lot thinner than what it used to be (assuming this isn't counterfeit), and scratchier too.  If I had known how bad the quality became I would have ordered a different product.  If I have time I'll post a photo comparison of what the waistband looks like from the most recent order vs. the ones I ordered a couple years ago.I was a little disappointed that I paid a lot for this belt and the end of the belt would NOT fit through the buckle.  Doesn't say much for the company's quality assurance.I have had these sandals for almost a month & a half now and I am not happy with this purchase at all. Originally they shipped me the wrong size, which I was a little upset with but they did send a replacement the next day so that made up for it, not a big deal. I typically wear them a couple of times a week, either to work (which I basically sit at a desk all day) or sometimes out to lunch or to run errands. They do not get hard use and I avoid water/sand etc. and the area under my toes and near the heel is rubbing off & almost half rubbed off, showing the dark material underneath. Does not look good and I avoid wearing them now. For the amount that I spent on these, they were not cheap & I would return them if I could!This watch isn't very good. Its cheap and the dial on the face on the inside came loose and is now floating around inside the face and the dials cannot move.THE PINS ARE THERE BUT THERE IS NO TOOL AS INDICATED BY THE PICTURE.
WHER IS TEH TOOL.
DISAPPOINTED. THOUGH I WAS GETTING WHAT THE PICTURED SHOWED.
SOMEONE LET ME KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON.....Ive had this bag for 4 months, and the handle thats supposed to lift out sticks every time and won't extend, rendering the bag useless to pull.  Very frustrated!  Im hoping Travelpro quickly addresses so I can turn this review to a positive.This "pouch" was as advertised- but I felt the quality was less than ideal. Flimsy and not real substantial. Would not purchase moreIt was the right size but just could not fastef itKeep breaking, received two times.I couldn't believe the ends weren't even finished off. It's too small for my rather large head to use in most of the configurations you're supposed to be able to use it as. Most disappointing.Tore after one hike and only light wear. Disappointing for $100+ shoes. The soles are brand new. Bummer. I'd keep looking.These shoes are uncomfortable across the top, just below where the laces end. They just feel like they were cut wrong. They are also very heavy. I am grading them especially harshly, because Rockport has made its reputation with comfortable footwear that is sized right, light, and fun to wear.cheap bad quality, very short as well, tight fingers.It was huge, and I'm so bummed because my little boy wants to wear t so bad but won't be able to for a long time! Any way to exchange it??Bought this watch for the wife and looked very sharp at the beggining for casual wear. The second time she wore it a few of the stones that are on the bezel came off! Now it tells time inside a jewelry chest. Not worth the price!!So cheap, won't hold up more than a minute.  Snagged when putting on.  Such a shame.This bracelet is actually quite lovely and was so excited that it went on sale. The issue however is the length, measured out at under 7 inches and couldn't get it around my wrist. The information provided, says the length is 7 1/2 inches. This would only be true if you added on the 2 charms that are attached to the end of the clasp. This doesn't give the actual "usable" length. The picture is also very misleading as it shows the bracelet hanging way down on the wrist. Measure your wrist before ordering, if your small boned it should work for you. Returned unfortunately.This waist trainer fits and feels great but after only 3 days of use some of the hard plastic supports are poking thru the top and bottom stitching so I am constantly having to push them back in place.Liked  this originally for being lightweight. I bought 2. Our first use was in Italy; 1 broke immediately after it came off the plane. Since the return policy is 30 days and it was  longer, there is nothing I can do but shop for luggage in Italy so I can get home with my stuff.Really small
Look cheap, I think the middle part is not sterling. Very light weight.I've worn New Balance athletic shoes almost exclusively for 25 years+, and based on this pair, I think my worst fears are starting to be realized. When they started to make their cheaper shoes overseas (China of course), I traded emails with one of their executives about how disappointed I was, but all he would do was point out that that still made some in the USA. That was probably 8 years ago or more. Over time, of course the trend continued, but I kept buying the more expensive pairs made in the USA, because they just fit so well. As many reviewers here have pointed out, the 99x series especially were always the best, most comfortable, most durable running shoes imaginable. Well I've had these 993's for 10 months now, and prefer a 5-year old pair of much lower priced NBs to these because they have never been comfortable, they've ALWAYS squeaked loudly, and they just seem more cheaply built. Other reviewers have noted the narrower tow, and I think that's the case as well. I had hoped they would break in over time, but enough is enough. If the top line USA-made shoes are going to be just as poorly made as the cheap China versions, I believe New Balance will be losing their best customers.Did not give accurate time and second hand stopped working occasionally.  Sent it back for refund.Why did I NOT get the dress in the picture?? Saw other reviews stating the same thing. Please STOP false advertising a dress that you do not have. Anywho, the one I got a day before the event was fine and had to wear since it was too late to return. The one in picture looks more fancy and the one I got, not so much. I am a 36/38c and a tad bit tight on chest but not enough to br uncomfortable and got an XL.I wish these had been described better than just "boys socks". These are TODDLER size socks. I followed the sizing chart to purchase socks for my 8 year old son who wears a size 2 shoe, I purchased the medium sized socks. What I received are a TODDLER medium size sock pack. They are going back.These socks fit well and are comfortable.  However, after a day of light/normal wear, they make my feet stink worse than any socks I have ever owned.  One day I did quite a bit of walking, and my foot stink was unbearable.  I've never had this issue with my Nike socks.  Also, the gray color does not match the gray in either pair of my adidas sneakers.Too short for menot really comfortable shoes, it slipped while walking even the size is fitI love the look, but the color is way off. I ordered to match a dress, but the pictures have an entirely different shade than the actual tie, cummerbund, etc.Ankle part was too small for me.  But they were very cute!  I wish they fit.Size is ok, upper part is like two different size - on a left leg is perfect; on a right leg is too tight - why I don't know my legs are same.I was so excited to find this shoe in wide widths but there is nothing wide about them. In fact, they fit more narrow than a normal shoe. If you definitely need a wide width, this sizing of this shoe will not work for you.I wear this watch literally everyday. I did replace the battery after about a year, but otherwise it's been great.

EDIT:
Okay, so it's been about a year and a half since I ordered this watch and I've now had to replace the battery twice. I know what you're thinking, "Maybe you just had bad batteries." Nope, not the case. I took it in to have it looked at by a trustworthy jeweler, and to put it very simply, apparently the movement just isn't good quality. This is very disappointing, considering how aesthetically pleasing this watch is.Hard, can't wear for too longThey are comfy but they already ripping so waist of moneyThese shorts were advertised as Youth, but they were a child's size.  Second time I ordered these from Amazon and get wrong size each time.  I GIVE UP!!!The sizes run way too small. The material of the shirt is low quality and itchy. I bought a size up from what I normally wear so it would be loose and hang the way I wanted but it is still too small.  Disappointed.I bought these because they looked similar to a pair that I purchased from Target a few years ago.  However, the quality of these boots is beyond poor.  The lining is very thin, not plush and already compressed after only a few wears.  I can feel every bit of the sole as I walk.  I've been wearing them in 40 degree tempatures and my toes have been freezing.  Even the lug sole is slippery on surfaces.  I may finally be time to invest in some real Uggs.not a fanI had to try three times to get this sweatshirt to fit my daughter! It is made so SMALL especially in the arms that I had to resort to the largest size of 2x for her and she has NEVER worn a 2x in her life! The quality of this product is so poor for the price also. If she had not really wanted this I would have given up on my first try instead of ordering three times. Very dissapointed!Way too wide... Had to return themI will try and reorder a size much larger to fitvery cheap, totally fake could buy it for $10 from a street vendor.I did not like that when I put it on for the first time, there was a hold in the right leg part of the pajamasSo I bought these shoes 13 months ago. I have worn them everyday since. They are very comfortable and I was so pleased with them until recently when I found a huge slice in the sole on one of the shoes. The sole basically cracked all the way through. So now I get wet feet in the rain, so I stopped wearing them. Very disappointed,  i wore them everyday but I expect a Timberland Pro product to last longer then 1 year.The bag has a lot of room for packing for longer trips, which is good because we had bought the bag for my husband to pack for deployments. However, the zippers are junk, after just one deployment the zippers are shot and won't zip at all. I contacted company and all the said was sorry and hung up. Paid too much for it to not last more than a year.WAY Too Small. I always wanted a corset and never had one so i finally ordered one online thinking that being bigger I would have better luck online since usually they had a bigger size selection. there was no way the one i received was a 3x (i usually wear a 2x in this kind of stuff and ordered big thinking id just tighten the back up if it was too big). Dont use the amazon sizing guide use the sellers guide down in the description.I heard nylon posts were the way to go.  Not these ones.  They both had big, bright red ear holes within 24 hours.  Either nylon is NOT the way to go, or these earrings are just crap.  Considering the low price and the overall low quality, I'd go with crap.These used to be great shoes, durable and very metal detector friendly. While they are comfortable, they are very poorly made now. The first pair I purchased fell apart withing a few months. The heel and sole started to seperate from the upper shoe. Messages to customer service were ignored, but I figured that the shoes might have failed because of the way I was removing them. I purchased another pair and was very careful to loosen the laces and not pull them off by the heel, but the second pair failed within 6 months! Never buying these again.These smell like petroleum. Yes. It's awful. And we're too tight. But contacted the seller and got the money back.The fabric is really bad.. quality I wear a size 8.5, however, that size was not an option. Had to go with a size 9. I was going to a Great Gatsby themed wedding and had no choice but to take the bigger size.Not sure why it is too large, I ordered 10.5, as my boy is 10.5 but this shoe size is like 11.5.Within the first we of purchase the top of the shoe came completely unglued. Highly disappointed with under armour and the quality of the product!smells horrible.super cheap and the posts bend when trying to put on the backs.Only wore the boot for a few weeks and the sole is coming off on one of them.I don't even wear this shirt anymore and have got rid of it in a garage sale. I prefer a slim fit and this was not a slim fit - even though I purchased the XS. Color was okay, and I didn't quite get the layered look they tried to make with the white undershirt popping out on the neck line.I'm six foot one and a large man and I bought the biggest Robe that they had and it was too tight in the arms.The cups were nice size/coverage, but the stitching was very scratchy, and the straps felt super cheap. Also was very tight on me. These used to be my favorite bra.not worth the headache, broke within the first weekI bought this item some time ago.... I bought a XL because the size chart stated XL is US14... lovely is the jacket i must admit. .. but the thing was sooooo small I gave it to my 13yr daughter who is way smaller and petite than I am. ... for it to have fit me I would have had to order a 5X... that's how small this jacket runs.. don't waste your time and money unless your a size 0 to 2...Size was WAY off. Each boot was different sizesThis tag was lost after one trip to LAX. Ha! Don't waste your money, even though it wasn't much...The cap is too big don't waste you're money and time..!Cheap.Smaller than indicated.too small but love the designRecieced the wrong size and wasn't allowed to return or exchange the belt.Colors are different in real then picture.
Fitting is too tight.
Be careful if you order and if you need to return because it's for different or not satisfied with color then you are out of shipping cost both ways. Better off pay more money somewhere else and be satisfiedEh, not for me. It fit well, but it was extremely uncomfortable. I wasn't expecting to get such a bare-bones shoe. Spend just a little more and you'll get a much better shoe for your money.If you look at the first two pictures for this product, there is a purple looking color shown thrift from the left. In the third picture there is no purple color.

The tie bars I received were that of the third picture without the purple tie bar. For my purpose i needed a black, Brown, purple, and blue tie bar and hence why I bought this collection, but since it wasn't actually there and there is nothing in the description of what colors I would be getting, I felt mislead.

The overall quality of the tie bars is what you would expect for them being so cheap.I would like to return the watch it is much smaller than pictured.This shoe is cut extremely small. I couldn't get my foot in it.
I would not recommend this shoe. I'm returning the pumps.You get what you pay for with this. It is made okay, the strap material feels like it will tear after you wear it a few months, but I didn't get that far because the watch will occasionally stop and start. The knob isn't pushed in far enough to not stop no matter how hard you push. So the watch is fine if you want it to look good, but it isn't functional at all.stretcher cut my finger to bleeding, dangerous productRing totally feel apart in 10 weeks.  Have 4 pieces now.  TERRIBLE WUSLITYA bit flimsy...did not use.Pretty filmsy and not thick or durable. Just thin foam slippers with very little height.Cheap made in China junk ,clearly made on a computer,pic is crooked as wellVery soft/nice feel.  Nice packaging.  I wish they fit but they run small, unless you aren't curvy then they are probably a little more true to size. Wouldn't recommend for ladies with a big chest like me.  Also, they are quite short.  I was going to use for bridesmaid robes & they are way too short for that.  I'm sending them back.My ankles are never swollen and are not very large, but I there's hardly enough room on the strap that goes across the ankle to attach them.  It would be very tight to walk.  They could add 1/4 or 1/2 inch more area to velcro, but I guess the manufacturer was too penny-pinching. The sandals would look adorable with just the existing strap across the toes, and the back strap for the heel.  I am going to go to a shoe repair and ask if they can cut the ankle strap off.  It will also be nice then to just slip into the sandal without having to mess with an annoying ankle strap. The strap is not necessary and gives it a frumpy look anyway.  You would think if Dansko is too cheap to add another 1/2 inch, they'd have the brains to make the shoe without the ankle strap altogether, which would save them more money and make a cuter shoe.

I like the arch support, and I hate returning things.  There isn't too much of a selection now in our globalized third world of US and Europe, so beggers can't be choosers.  I paid a lot for these, now I'll pay more to alter them to make a decent looking and fitting sandal. If someone is looking at these shoes for comfort, they probably are older, and they're not going to want to bend down and attach an extremely tight ankle strap that barely meets the velcro.cute, nice quality fabric, but a strange fit. too small on my hips.This picture is the shirt I ordered but not the shirt I received.  The shirt I received is same pattern but sleeves are long and shirt does not fit like the other shirts I ordered that look like this but different patterns.  WILL BE SENDING THIS ONE BACK.Super small fit, very poor fabric quality, and too sheer.  I usually wear an XS, but these run at least 2 sizes too small.  This needs heavier fabric or a liner.  No way around it on this one, just pass.After owning it for a year and a half I finally needed to use an umbrella and it failed. A not very strong gust of wind broke two of the supports, creating what amounts to sharpened spikes pointing towards the holder of the umbrella. Nice design.Loose fit. HAHAHAHAHA. I have a few pair of jean pants by the same brand Dickies carpenter pants. that are a size 48. I got a pair of dickies shorts last summer in a 48 And they are so tight.... So I tried a another style and went up a size... I think they are even smaller... So how can a pair of shorts made by the same brand as my paints be no where close in size...Not quite what I had expected. Not exactly sure if it was too small or if that is just how it's suppose to fit.Handle broke off and wheel fell off after a monthThey are 100% cotton, but very flimsy . I wish I had gone to JC Penny . In short, I am disappointedI am a full, round heavy DDD/F (36-38). I have worn Wacoal forever because they are worth every penny. Great support without feeling like your wearing a suit of armour and they literally last for YEARS. This ANITA bra is NOT for a full, large cup. It has absolutely NO support. I actually bounce when only walking! It only had 3 rows of hooks which isn't enough for a an extra large cup size. And it was uncomfortable. The back rode up and the hook area scratched. I bought 2 of them from Amazon because they had the best price for this very OVERPRICED bra. I could only return one because I wore one to "test" it. The sizing was accurate but NOT worth the money at any price. I was really disappointed.
I do want to add the AMAZING ease of the return process through AMAZON! All I had to do was set up a return through their site and UPS picked it up at my door! And it was FREE! Becuase of this I will be shopping AMAZON much more in the future.Does not fit at all, disappointedThese sunglasses really complete the rocker chick look i was going for at an upcoming party. Great purchase! Should tryThe material was extra thinno pockets, just a sackYou get what you pay for...these are inexpensive pants that wrinkle and are really thin. They are also very inexpensive, so I don't know what I was thinking when I bought them.Very itchy.  My daughter wouldn't even wear it.  Luckily, the price was low enough that it wasn't worth it to pay to ship it back.look nice online but very cheap work man shipI bought a pair at a store called DSW. I liked them alot that I wanted to buy another online. I was disapointed given these were tighter on the toe then my first pair. I'm not quite sure why or how they are so different. I'm debating if I want to return them...sadlyReceived order...followed directions...did one turn and stopped.  Would not function again after several tries !  Don't waste your money !Runs really small. I had to give it away. Cute outfit but way too small. Almost 2 sizes too small.At the first wash it was useless.
Really bad quality.  DON'T BUY IT.
I got it for my mom bc she goes to water therapy, but she told me please don't buy me another swimsuit from this companyThe print quality is not good. Seems cheap.They are too big wrong sizs orderedEven though the advertisement indicated these converse shoes were designed for women...they Are NOT!!! I spent a lot of time searching for the right pair and fit. Very DisappointedIt was at least two sizes smaller than advertised (and it was advertised as fitting smaller). The collar was faux fur, which wouldn't have been so had had it not been a button-on collar that fell off as I was taking it out of the bag. Also, it took more than a month to arrive as it was sent from China. I couldn't wait to return this crap product.Cute suit, but the monkey decal peeled off. If you get it be very careful with washing and drying. I usually line dry and it still peeled off.When I got it it didn't work and the ban was broke real disappointed, returned itVery disappointing. After wearing it one time it pilled up.I don't understand what is so special about this watch to be maximum retail priced at $475 and sold at $150. I bought this watch for my wife as a gift as I also thought it is something special but she did not like it that much for a $150 watch. The watch is very small and light weight. I don't find it any better than the watch she is already wearing which we bought it only for $20. In fact the battery in her old watch lasted longer than this one. The battery in this Seiko watch is dead within 2 years and we are so disappointed by that. My wife rarely wore it so we did not change the battery and it is sleeping in our closet for long time.
I would not recommend this one for others and will never buy any product just for the name of the brand. All I'm interested is the functionality and style which is nothing exceptional in this.Don't buy. Shrinks Atleast 2 sizes. Sorry but when I order a large shirt, it should not be a belly shirt after the very first wash... (I'm only 6'1" 200 lbs)

Missed the return window by one day so I'm SOL.This watch looks cheap, the color is dull.Crystals feel out quickly. I suggest sticking to the similar but round onesWaaaay too big...hoping to return, but been busy recovering from surgery & out of town, may have missed my opportunity, if so, they go to Helping Hands, hopefully to someone with much larger feet than I have!I have purchased many jeans from Amazon and have ordered 29 length.  These jeans are at least 32.Not impressed. It is at least a foot too short and very cheaply made. I do not feel satisfied with my purchase.Don't like it!I need to return was a holiday gift does not fit need bigger size
It says return has expiredI'm 5'7" 145 pounds got an xl bc of reviews. I would have to get a xxl for the body and probably 4xl or above for the breast to fit- poor design and quality, the tie in the back is cheap thin ribbon. I returned it immediatelyVery FlimsyThe belt is too narrow, easy to wrinkle, regret to buy it.Stiff cheap leather. Print very muted. Too big. Thought it would be ok size after reading reviews. My fault. Returned.not comfortable at all, stiff and clunkyFit as expected, but the colors are to dark. I have fair skin, and they make me look a lot darker than I am for sure.Pretty tho... but I don't like the auto eject or whatever it is that pops out the unbrella. There is to much resistance when trying to close...Hard to understand sizesARRIVED BROKEN INTO 3 PIECES.
Very disappointed!So upset!!! I bought two shirts for the first week of school and then a few days later bought three more but not before realizing how much they shrink when washing them!!! Look at this pic. Both the same shirt. One is washed other is not. By the time it shrink its not the same size as a size 5 and not a 7, like I needed them to be.The pants are supposed to be the ORIGINAL 501 shrink to fit.  They aware not.  They were soft and did not shrink like the ORIGINAL jeans do.  Now we have to have the length cut off.  Normally they shrink 2 inches in the length and 1 inch in the waist.  These jeans did not shrink at all.The band at the heel does not give like it shoild so is not confortableI loved these shoes on the site but my 2 year old could not get them on/off easily so I exchanged for the Keen watershoe which is fabulous.  The Tevas are super cute and well made just hard to get on/off.if it large for what I was expecting but now that I've worn it a few times I like it just wished it was in a different size.  Update the smaller size was still big and lays on you like a bag!Very cheaply made. One of the bracelets broke the first time my daughter wore it.The look and style is nice but the elastic part of the sports bra is cheap and non supportive ... I would not recommend this product especially for active useMight be okay if they fit. I generally wear a 7-1/2. The ad said to order down, so I did and they're way too small. Plus, there's a huge restocking fee , compared to the cost of the shoe, along with return postage.  I'll probably end up donating them. These would have been a boon to my winter golfing in Washington.Buy at least 2 sizes larger than your normal size. Ended up buying TimberlandThis shirt runs huge!!  I definitely would not order a size up. The fabric and color are good quality, but my shirt is even too big to be altered. So won't be wearing it and it cost too much to return it from overseas.  Disappointed.No boob support at all. Love it other wise, but this is only a suit to layout in not to walk around in. Boobs won't be very happy. :-)Comfortable and cute, but not very good quality. The front sole of the shoe wore down to almost nothing in a week and the sequins started falling off.The boytom of the shoe completely came undone after about 8 weeks. These are not made like they used to be.sent backWildly overpriced garbage. This is some of the cheapest leather I've ever seen. Leather is paper thin and bonded with cardboard. Strap pad is sewn to this weird piece of stiff ribbed foam.shoes to big to wearOverall, a good jacket, but the inside pocket ripped when I tried to open it the first time. Disappointingfaded real quickFair price under three dollars, looks like the picture. But the plastic is too thin/cheap. We had this 1 day and Daddy actually accidentally dropped it (from about 2 ft up from floor) in kitchen when handing it to our son, and it cracked and broke the black plastic part. I expect an item like this to be Ble to withstand a small drop, and last into play time. But it didn't.The picture does not indicate they are ORANGE!?  Even when zooming in on the image it appears the toe is tan - not blinding orange!  And the buckle - maybe if I was 300 pounds overweight the buckle MIGHT fit around my ankle - but I am not and there is NO way to make the strap fit around my ankle.  The design flaw is beyond worse than any I have EVER seen.  I have never been more dissatisfied with a purchase in my life and now I have to ship these back to China!?!?  I not only want a FULL refund - I want to be refunded my shipping expense to send back a piece of crap product!It just looked kind of cheap (which it was...so I guess you get what you pay for).  Jacket was a little baggy and the material was again, cheap looking. Spent the extra money to get a Mountain Hardwear brand fleece and I love it.The product itself seemed okay. We actually only received the jacket in our package and it was too large. My daughter were's 2T in a lot of pants and shirts so I bought this with the expectation she would grow into it so it's my own fault it was too big. But It's not fault that I only received half the order. Sent it back with no problemsI am a size 6-8 and the XL i ordered for a fun baggy tshirt is way too small!Jacket looked great with I saw the package, even better when I opened it this morning for Christmas. But when looking at the jacket the back seams in the lining are ripped. Merry Christmas to me.super stiff and came me cone breasts because of the stitching across the cupsThese run so large that I have to return them. :(Was given this as a gift.  At a glance, it appears to be a fairly nice watch (when I opened it I thought it was a more expensive watch).  Once you pick it up, you realize it is very light weight (feels as though it will break easily) and the edges are sharp.  It just feels cheap. Perhaps I am just used to a higher caliber watch ( I'm not a watch connoisseur, but I wear citizen and seiko normally), but the fit and finish is sub par.  I am not confident in the water resistance ratings but at some point I will wear it in the shower to see after all, I swim a lot in the summer and if It will fail, I'd rather know sooner.  I  guess it is a good banging around the yard watch.  If it had felt solidly built with better fit and finish, I could overlook the brand.  We'll see how it holds up as I did not get a gift receipt otherwise it would have been returned already.The material "flakes" really badly. Washing it along with my other clothes has got the material all over them. Besides that, it's very sensitive to water; you can get the fabric sticking on your hand in a simple hand-washing.
I returned it.This "hot" belt is not even very hot, the commercials are a bunch of lies. First, the belt does not make you sweat all the time like it is advertised, you are required to actually do some exercise for you to start sweating, so in reality the belt does not make you sweat, doing physical activity is what makes you sweat. Second. the belt is not very tight, I am usually a size M in shirts so I got the smallest one which is small-medium and it was not as tight as I expected it, on the contrary it was somewhat bigger (and no I didn't lose weight while waiting for it). Third, and most importantly, this "hot belt' is to expensive for what is worth, in my opinion this belt is not better than the other exercise belts that only cost $15. So if I could go back I would just waste my money on a cheaper belt, which would probably be better than this belt at a lower price.Cheap quality- had to soak prior to washing as the red dye bled. Not very soft. Kept it anyway as my daughter is obsessed with Mickey Mouse.COLORS  are not as in the image, very dull,disappointingI bought 4 uniforms of the same size and the same model and I am totally disappointed because they run 3 up sizes, the fabric is too rigid, not comfortable. The only positive thing is that the colors are exact to those observed in the photos.They fit perfect at first but after the first wash they shrunk to the point that they no longer fit my wife. Very disappointing from a product that is so expensive.The ball fell off one of the earrings the moment i put it in my ear.Way off on their product. A joke!!!Super cute! Wish they'd fit me. Luckily they fit a coworker & she loves them. Ordered a 9 but should've got a 9.5.I didn't even wear these (just tried them on a few times) and the heel is unglued from the rest of the shoe.  Complete junk!Decent shirt for the price. The neck size was great but still super big in the waist. Not very much of a "fitted" size.DO NOT SHOP WITH THIS COMPANY!!!! They are the worst company to deal with. The sizes are wrong and they were not willing to give me all of my money back until I fought with this. It is not work your time to deal with such a terrible company.Received this today. The material is slimy feeling. It is snug fitting so I world recommend ordering a larger size than you normally wear. Really disappointed because the picture looks a lot better than the actual shirt.I was disappointed, it didn't hold up quite as well as I had hoped. See little rust areas and areas where the joints popped out in the photo. The problems began after about 2-3 months of heavy use in windy/rainy Alaska , which the reader can judge if I had too high expectations or not. Slight rust as well. Another complaint is that the velcro to keep the umbrella tight in the closed position has worn off to be almost ineffective. That pic is of a 9 month old umbrella. 2 stars instead of 1 due to low price and a nice sized umbrella. Overall though I would recommend that you look elsewhere.I ordered these shoes in both the elephant and wine color and specifically in the wide width because in this style of shoe I always get them in wide.  These shoes were very uncomfortable even in the wide width and the material did not give at all. Very, very stiff.  It's very unfortunate because I really liked the style and the look.The color is not as clear as the picture.  They look rusted and old to me.  Hard to put in but even harder to take out.This item won't last more than a week. Cheap, bad quality, no arch support, I can go on for a while. Point is learn from my sidtake and don't waste your time or MONEY!Look great but broke within 2 weeks of wearing them.  The size was great for daytime or evening wear.I received these boots in perfect condition, and was very excited to wear them! They are very cute, and look just like the picture. They ran a little large, so I wish I would've ordered half a size down. This is the only reason I'm giving 2 stars. I bought these boots to wear around campus for the fall (moderate, daily walking). Within a month and a half of wearing them they began cracking around the ankle and above the toes, so every crease your foot could flex. On top of that, half the sole of one of the boots came apart from the boot all of a sudden too.
I wish I wouldn't have bought the boots so early for fall, as I have missed the return window. If you want something to wear only a few times, get these boots, otherwise save your money.Wouldn't know how it fits, because I never got it.
Good job China..
I want a full refund.right up there with the most uncomfortable shoe i have ever worn.To in the heel to large it was the wrong shoes not the one I order I don't  like the way the shoe is made bad for meWhile the swarovski zirconias are shiny and the perfect size, the white gold setting is very poor quality.  The setting looks cheap and is not polished at all.  I would have been embarrassed to give these as a gift.Unimpressed I have used it twice and the wheels already aren't working right! Beware don't buy

Now the zipper has broken on its 4th time being used!! Dont buy!!!!!!Had to return the shoes.  It is too tight.
I have ordered a different color before and it fits well.  I did not have problem with size when it was still made in USA.
It is time to bring the Sebago shoes company back in the USA.too thick and hurt my feet after wearing them all dayI think maybe I was shipped something different from the listed item. The color was right but the length definitely not. These were way too short to be the same as the ones in the picture. Maybe 7 to 8 inches long. Definitely did not reach my elbows.  Returning them and getting what I wanted.Description says the logo is printed on, this is a vinyl like logo that is an iron on.  I E-mailed the vendor but they still haven't changed the description.  Logo is also crooked and not centered on the front of the shirt, about 1" off.Not one size. So cute, but WAY too small. Sized like a medium...Bought this product after a coworker suggested to protection. I followed the directions and cleaned and sanded my boots. I applied this product to the toe twice as it suggested and after just one day in the crawlspace it was almost completely worn off! Waste of money.I don't like it, is too hard the material...I bought this in 2013. It is okay, but not great. It is a loose  fit. It is cheaply made and not worth the price. Mine just broke; won't order another one.Sized incorrectly. Have purchased the same brand and size for many years. This set is larger than my worn out baggy set I was trying to replace. Order a size down and if you need small then you are out of luck. Also ordered a different fabric (the polyester spandex) by mistake. That set is sized correctly.Cheap!!!!!It says "womens" but it fits more like "girls." I gave it to a teenager, and she loved it.I own a pair of Sanita sandals (38), and they fit perfect, so I ordered these clogs the size 38 M but it was hard to get my foot in.  It was too tight across the instep. I even ordered the size 38 Wide, but that was way too big. I will stick to my Dansko clogs.Nice pants. Fit as expected.  BUT hem on one leg completely unraveled after first wash.  I Had to return it.Buyer beware!! Advertised in title as "wool," but is 100% acrylic!It's very cute but the top scratched the roof of my mouth and made it sore so I took it out. I still wear it but for short periods of time.Unfortunately, these tights are not very tear-resistant. One ripped the first time I put it on and had to toss them out. Also, if your legs or butt are even slightly larger than average, or you do something as simple as bend over, the material will stretch such that they're see-through. If I wear two pair at a time, they can work and avoid the tearing and see-through dilemma, but I won't be buying again.The second time wearing a pair the side seam ripped and the crotch has also started to rip! JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK... I am completely appalled that crap this junky is legal to sale. Its a waste of resources to sale one time boxers...  It's not like I'm doing Yoga in them... DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK! DO NOT BUY THESE... *unless you often crap yourself and plan to only wear them once. They are fine if you want to be incredibly  wasteful with both your money and earths resources.

Pay a little more and get someone you can at least wear three times before they start coming apart... JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK... I can not say it enough.... JUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNKKKKKKKKKKK

I also purchased the "Allyn Saint George Men's 5 Pack Knit Boxers": These suck just as much.  if you want disposable one time boxers these will ALMOST due the job. When new my penis popped right out the pee hole. After wearing ONCE the elastic had stretched. Furthermore the whole boxers stretched and now look like I am wearing a really ugly moomoo dress. I had no idea boxers could suck so bad. Seriously DO NOT BUY THESE PIECES OF JUNK! DO NOT BUY!I feel like I am missing something here because these socks still have seams in the toe and they are more annoying/noticeable than the seams in regular socks. My daughter hated them. They are thick and feel like thick dotted tights. I am glad to see they work for so many with sensory issues but they did not work for us. I don't even have sensory issues and these things would drive me crazyOne broke while taking it off of the cardboard.  It wouldn't open up.  I will be sending it backI thought these were pretty, but when I tried to take the back off to put them for the first time. They fell apart in my hands.Sending this back.  Material is scratchy and the cups are too big but the band is small.  Not comfortable at all.These purple boots came in magenta!!!!!!!!! sent back.Dress was ordered in burgundy but it is definitely more hot pink than red.This looks soooo cute but it runs several sizes too small !!! So disappointed! !I always order 7 1/2 Medium.  And they always fit fine.  But these 7 l/2 Mediums are much too tight.  They hurt my feet.  I am trying to break them in so I can keep them, but they need to be relabeled to a smaller size.I didn't see any references to the lack of back material except for bra, waist and thong straps. I expected the back to look like the front. Then it would be a complete garment. My wife and I both hate it. The front looked great. Excellent shiny satin bra and see through body.These are tools of the lowest quality and manufacture - Buyer beware.LargeRubber band has worn out and it's weak now.  I had to buy another type of wallet.Shirt size runs small. Also, the shirt is a cheap knockoff; the color was not red as pictured ( almost pinkish in hue and the image was poorly produced.I paid $29 for this.  I think I could have found better option at this price.  Its ok but just ok.  16" is what I ordered.  I would have preferred an 18"due to the size of the cross but the option was not available. Like everyone else says the chain is definitely cheap.They are a size too smallSize not close to expected size.  Had to return.Fits very small and not the best materialA large is like a small. Couldn't even get the claps to claps.This has to be the most misleading product I have ever purchased on Amazon. This is NOT a blouse. It's a flimsy triangle, no sleeves, and fringe made of tissue paper ribbon.  I feel robbed especially since I not only paid for it, paid to ship it and I waited months to receive it. Beware. I am so frustrated and disappointed.  I didn't expect suede, but it's paper thin, no weight and I'm afraid I was taken by the photo. Terrible.It's super tiny be aware of that. It's maybe big enough for a pair of earrings.way too small for an adults face. child size.These dresses differ from one to the next (poor quality control).  The teal fit ok but not for my body type, but this black one fit too small, pulling up top.  Great price but the poor quality represents the price., Second hands sometimes is stopThe cut of this dress was terrible. There is extra fabric that goes past hem and the bottom on the sides flares out. Very strange cut and unflattering. Will not wear this dress and won't buy from this distributor again.After one wash, the legs became too short. The fabric was cheap and wore out quickly. These are truly garbage. I am sad I wasted the money and hope my review will prevent others from doing the same!Ah, All Time Low. The younger cousin of Blink-182. I hate Blink-182 but however, that doesn't matter. This album was pretty disappointing. The only track I liked was the title track. Most of it was cookie-cutter Pop Punk in a nutshell. At least on the Brightside, they got promoted heavily with that Fangirl movie. That should sell some CD's/ Downloads.Returned as I could not pull them on!I agree with the other 1-star reviewer. These are not well made, all of the three pairs I ordered quickly became unusable after the material developing holes and bunched up.The left shoe fit perfectly.  The right shoe was larger than the left, therefore, does not fit the arch of my foot correctly.  I was very dissappointed to received two different size shoes however marked the same size.  Unfortunately my husband threw out all the paper work and bag so I am unable to return them and quite frankly, I wouldn't know which shoe was the correct size 10 (8.5) M US Womens. The shoes would be perfect for Zumba, however I am very dissappointed to receive a defective pair through Amazon.com.They are shoes meant for older women....not a young shoe at all. And fit wrong in all the wrong places.These hankies are very thin. I prefer a heavier material for a hankie but these were the only permanent press available right now.Fit great out of the pack but really had a lot of shrinking aftr the dryer! Disappointed.Returned, did not care for these.like a size 11Picture shown is a slick-black latex look with stylized seamlines. This is a spandex, and not shiny piece of crap. I was ripped off. Picture is of a catsuit made of latex by WESTWARD BOUND, NOT of the bodysuit the seller is selling!Unfortunately, I was disappointed when the dress came and the flower on the dress was damaged. The flower was one of the perks that captured my grand daughters attention. The other was the scarf around the neck.  Both were a disappointment. She could not put the scarf around her neck like the picture because it was very long. It could only be used for a wrap around the shoulder scarf.  My grand daughter is slim but she had to hold in her stomach real tight in order to get the dress zipped up. I was not happy at all when my husband told me that after the dance was over, they looked on the floor and saw the flower on the floor.They weren't true to size. I had to return themWe returned them. They look dirtyThese broke off after a week of useReason for watch was the compass, it was too tiny to see; thought (okay, it is still functional). Less than somewhere with in two hours, I looked and the compass had fallen out of the watch.Face is entirely too small and the faceted crystal makes it even harder to read.  Pretty style.I received a black version of this shirt. The quality is great and the size is perfect. The only problem is that I ordered a pitch blue shirt. The order came without an invoice for returns so I just started wearing the black one. Would be a 5-star if I had received the right color.Chinese crap.very hard, not flexible at allSmelled HORRIBLE! Upon arrival the shoes were completely scuffed all down the back and were returned.  I had to keep them in my garage because the chemical smell was so bad! :(Feathers came all damaged,and it's. Very small I didn't like it.It has the slots to hold the card but will not fasten, not a good productCheap...  a waste of money. Not woryh $1. The outfit/mask look nothing like the picture. Complete junk.TarnishesThese socks did not come in the different colors as shown, instead there were duplicates of a couple colors. They were size 9-11 which is too big and there was no option for size. Also the shocks smelt like petrol oil or some kind of chemical. I returned them and received a refund.The  rings came in ok condition but the small gem fell offThis item did not come as a jumpsuit as pictured.  It came as pants, rather large, stretched out, and looked previously worn!These run way too large.  Plan to order a couple sizes smaller than your shoe size.The words on the t-shirt are barely legible...pretty faded.  I don't like it.very had to use. cheaply built. not worth the money. LOOKS VERY CHEAP. Does not hold enough credit cards, Money clip hard to load,Nice shirt, sleeve length did not match shirt.  Sleeves to tight and too shortMy husband has a night shirt he stole from me years ago, it was Blues Hockey nightshirt and he loves it to the point where it is now just a sheer version of it's former self. I got this for him as a replacement since I was unable to find a men's night shirt that would be comparable. This is in his dresser and still has the tags on it and will undoubtedly never be worn.Picture is very misleading. These stones are tiny. It's a nice piece though the clasp is not ideal. I wish I'd read more closely because it is a very short choker length with very small stones.I returned the first pair I received and ordered a half size larger than I usually wear in Tevas. Even so, the front of the shoes is too narrow and my big toe hangs off the edge. Not comfortable and with wear this would become worse. Sorry to say I will return this pair as well.Returned. I marked "too small" because I normally wear a 9M and I ordered a 9.5 wide because reviews said this ran small. It barely fit and the inside was somewhat rough, too much so to wear without socks or stockings. Nice-looking shoe but order larger than your usual size.Bought the ocean blue skirt for a Tina Belcher costume and this is not the right blue. Does not look like the blue in the picture. Too late to return and get a different skirt, since my Halloween party is in a day.Beautiful dress!!!! LUV IT
Unfortunately it runs.... the white is ALL red.The lens are great. The materials of construction of the frame are VERY POOR!! They break VERY EASILY!!! If I could find the same lens in another fit over option with better construction, I would change.Did not fit at allAfter waiting almost three weeks for this to arrive in the mail it finally came and I was SO excited to try it on because I fell in love with the graphic on the back.  Immediately when I opened it I knew something didn't seem right, the logo on the front looked faded and not what I was expecting and when I turned it around there is NOTHING on the backside...THE HOODIE THEY SENT ME IS NOT THE SAME AS THE ONE PICTURED.  I feel swindled and very disappointed in the fact that I was basically lied to about what the hoodie actually looked like.Well. For $50 shoes I expected something better. They look very good and pleasantly comfortable but straps already coming off...Thought I was buying a good product, It urns out that the size of the brush is two inches shorter in length than my old shoe shine brushes and about 1/2" narrower than my old brushes.

Also bunches of hair fell out of the brush when used for the first time.

Its difficult to buy some things when you cant hold it in your hand.

I wouldn't recommend brush and won't buy againSize is good, it fits everything we needed for a 6 year old to drag to school, the height is also good.
The wheels seem smaller than they need to be.
After only 2 weeks of use, the back strap is already broken.

A waste of money.Ran very small. Will be returning theseI was very surprised how odd fitting this bra was on me. I'm absolutely in love with the Panache Porcelain smooth 3376 t-shirt bra, so I ordered a 34FF like I do in the 3376. The cups were much larger, so much that I didn't fill out any of the top of the bra and I was swimming in the bottom half of the cups. Also I didn't care for the silhouette; didn't look natural and rounded like what I get from my other Panache bras. Maybe it is the more structured molded cups that make it fit so much larger? Very disappointed it didn't fit me right because it's such a pretty bra. Will be returning this one.Not what I expected, has a stretch like material, don't like , way too large ,would have returned if I had the timeSeems to be made well.....unfortunately the sizes run very small.  I never have to return shoes but if you are ordering these go at least a half size bigger on the length.  A full size may very well be necessary.  I don't have a choice...have to go a full size up on the 13's that are far closer to 12's.  No half sizes available and I think I need a 14 in this shoe anyway!

Update:  I've now received the replacement size.  Full size off in the fit.  I wear 13's and need a 14 in this shoe.  I never have an issue with shoe sizes fyi.

I will also update the info on the shoe itself.  It's a rugged attractive shoe and appears to be well put together but it suffers in other important areas.  The comfort of this shoe is pretty sub par.  No cushioning in the sole heal or other areas and no arch support.  Needed to install two pair of cushioned insoles to make them bearable.  I'm revising my 3 star to a 2 star for poor comfort and support.  In the end, I guess that's why this shoe is on the cheaper end of the scale.Had to return.  The shoe ran large and smelled like mothballs.To tights if you have a baby that has chunky thighs save your money.These are ok, but they are not exactly of a quality of another brand I have purchased. I found that these tended to slip down into my sneaker after awhile and the material is kind of thick which made my feet a little hotter than the others did. I think these would be good to wear if the weather is cool/cold, but the slipping down into the shoe is kind of a deal breaker for me, drove me nuts at work all day. I won't be buying them again and will stick with the other brand.They are not comfortable.Terrible sizing and cheap materialShirt quality and graphic was fine, but be aware that the large should be marked XXL.  It is HUGE.  Average height male around 6 ft high and average weight would be swimming.  If you want the shirt to wear out and about, order down.The straps were not comfortable across the top of my toes and I thought it would cause irritation. For the price of the shoes I would have wanted them to be comfortable therefore I returned the shoes.Seriously too large. I have wide hips and normally wear M or L in athletic pants. Based on other reviews I ordered a M. They were huge! And, not cute big, just huge. Also, I normally wear a 31" inseam. These are probably 33"+.

I was also disappointed in the fabric. It is the shiny fabric that reminds me of the 90's and I think looks cheap.loved the shirt until it shrunk and he can't wear it anymoreCauses cancer :(Quality is bad ,only one start I give to is Amazon sevice is very good ,thanks againThis suit is super cute.  The only problem is it arrived today with only 3 of the six buttons attached.  Oh ,let me say the other buttons were not even with the suit  .  I could have sewn them on but they didn't even arrive with the suit.  What a shame!  Im returning the suit since it said free returns, and hope I get another one complete.Came damaged on toebrokeThe shoe was absolutely gorgeous. However after one wear, the bottom sole of the shoe started to detach and the embellishment on the strap strated to come off. If you are ordering just for a specific event, then they are good for one wear!I'm glad I read the reviews. These run a full size small. I usually wear a 7 but ordered an 8. The fit is perfect and they are very comfortable. However, I have two issues. First, these were listed as Pierre Dumas brand. I received Outwoods brand. Had I known I was going to get the same brand another seller listed, I would have just gotten them from the seller whose price was cheaper. Second, after the first four hours of wear at work (I've been at my desk most of that time) the sole has bunched up into a small ridge underneath the ball of my foot and runs across the whole width of the shoe. I can flatten it but it's still loose and annoying. I'm pretty sure I walk normally so it's not like I'm trudging around like a bear or something. I'll decide by the end of the day if these are getting returned. For the price, I was hoping for better quality.zipper broke three days after use!  poor quality! boycott Chinese garbage!These are not comfortable out the box. I wear a 12 and my toe hits the front on the shoe. I wore them all day about 12 hrs and they were not comfortable.  I decided to try one more day. Not comfortable but they didn't hurt.  I've decided to try a little longer because I like the way they look and they don't  really hurt.I like Icebreaker clothing, but their underwear are not up to snuff. The legs stretched out by the end of the day of wearing the, causing them to ride, and they don't support the privates very well. The cloth is comfortable, but I wouldn't buy again.I ordered a size that is normally two sizes too big for me because I reviewed their sizing chart.  It still came in two sizes too small.  Either someone somewhere is off their meds and doesn't know how to equate sizing... or... these are really made in one size only and the mfg is putting tags on them to pretend they make different sizes.  All around too bad because the dress is pretty.FIT TO TIGHT/CUT SMALL- PLUS SHOE ARRIVE ALL CRINKLED. SO I HAVE TO RETURN. ALL BOX ALL BROKEN AND CRUSHEDVery cute but waaay too small. My child wears a 9- 9 1/2 in sneakers and these toddler 10 fit 2 sizes to small. Would need to go up about 2 sizes.Not real leather. Interesting look, cheap materials.Came really crooked. I bent it back and now its really flimsy so I have to fix it everytime I put it on.Tee shirt fabrication is awful ( thin, thin, thin ).The product arrived on time and undamaged. IT just doesn't work very well. My boots are a little damp when i put them on the dryer in the afternoon. They have between 8 and 10 hours to dry before i put them back on and sometimes there still a little moisture in them when i put them on. When i put my hand by the opening sometimes you can feel some lingering heat. Not much and its not being pushed out at any noticeable volume. Im not satisfied.very very thin cotton, cheap quality and not described well.
very disappointed, will not wear, waste of moneyI was under the impression it was wider, but it's very narrow and thin.  The design is pretty, but I will be returning it...The petticoat came without a drawstring, so it's basically unwearable unless I can find something to threat through the waist,sizes run really small, got a large & its more like a small1. size is wrong. XL (US size 10), it's more like XXS
2. quality of the item is very cheap. There are threads hanging from it.
In the process of returning, seller wants more details on the problem.Not the way the picture looked...I thought it was light pinkShirt was different material than the I Still Play With Blocks and too smallby the time i was back from my trip it was too late to returnIt's damaged..Like 2 sizes tooo smallPromoted as running small but they swallow me.Bought this about a month ago, already both zippers broke, the inside isn't as spacious as I thought and not enough pockets for my liking since I use this all the time for a weekend bag. Do not recommend, better off paying a little more for better quality, only perk about this bag is the compliments I received before the zippers broke.This shirt was adorable but one wash and the pink got blue run stains from the dark blue parts of the shirt.  I expect more from Polo brand :(Too small in toe, too large in heel.I cannot walk in them. I wear a size 7 in regular shoes but these Are more like an 8/8.5!!!Way too small. Very stiff materialWas surprised and disappointed to discover this costume is FRONT only.  The front looks great and is true to the picture but there is no back to the costume, only some grey fabric with armholes.  It never even occurred to me that the costume wouldn't have the same back as the front and be an actual "dress"
Very disappointing for the price.  This should have been included in the description!!This shoe looks ok .
The inner  sole is cheaply  made.
I will not recommend this.To small don't know why i got my size and pants i got fit perfect but these are to tight.Quite disappointed. Poor quality. Shoe not neatly done.It would be great once we have it changed to fit right sizeReturned two pair immediately; size way too small and both pockets had holes in them. Didn't even open the second pair.The shirt is not true to size. The bottom of the shirt is too tight. May be worn tucked in if under a blazer or cardigan.  Will not order from this particular company again.Packaging is great.  The post are very thin.  One broke while wearing.These were two different boots.  One was a childrens size and the other was a womens womens version.  The toe is shaped differently, the heel/sole is different, and it's just a disaster.  Unfortunately, my daughter wanted them so badly, that she tried to wear them anyway.  After one day, she said they felt too weird, and has not worn them again.  I feel lied to.  The box wasn't even the correct one.  These boots are sold out everywhere, so I really had no other option than to get these.  Be very careful of this seller!They are good for a couple of wears and then fade/start to thinzipper on back broke in 2 days. Costs $9.50 plus shipping for repair.nice looking but no pins to connect with watch. I was dissappointed with that so I cant put on watch .can you send some pins for Casio watchband.the shoe is very narrowGold as expected but started falling apart from first day I wore it. Not durable at all.The Black Vintage Wayfarer Style Sunglasses were already scratched when they arrived, but I suppose the price did match the quality.I had the same problem as one of the other reviewers.  The right shoe is larger than the left.  My foot right foot slides forward, pressing my toes against the shoe causing significant pain. After several runs I am done with these.  I am unable to to return them because the length of time has expired.  Basically I am screwed.  Complete waste of money. I will never purchase another Altra product again.I bought a size 5/6 for my 3 yo daughter. It will most definitely be returned. This is one piece that is attached only at the back and the front is purposely open, showing midriff.So not impressed! I walked all over England in a pair of original docs back in the 90's and nearly wore them out. This pair is very cheap looking, and ill-fitting. Not the same!Id like to exchange size . This is too largeThese are very cute; especially for the price.  BUT, the soles are rock hard - even w/ the platform!  The balls of my feet thanked me for returning.Item discolored after a few wears.I was excited to get this because the reviews were good and said the shirt fit as expected and looked exactly what the picture looks like. I ordered a large, when it arrived I tried it on- it looks like a normal t-shirt. I was hoping it would come baggy and long like the picture shows, but it doesn't. Probably should have order and XXL or something. This would only fit like the picture shown if you are shorter than 5 feet and under 120 pounds. The material is also quite scratchy, not comfortable at all.Ordered two sets: one blue and one black. Received the blue set with just 2 pcs (medium and small) only, the black set with all 3 pcs (large + medium + small).Needed to go a size up . I'm a size 12. These pants run smallI wanted to love these so much. But, the back ankle strap was way too big in the Wide and the Medium Size. It is the part that was not adjustable. I had to return.Runs longer than expected. If you wear a 16 in New Balance, you will want to drop down to a 15 for these. Poor quality. The soul is soon thin, you can feel every little bump through them. Like wearing flipflops with a canvas cover over them.Dislike
Bad materialRuns super small. The padding is overwhelming not for someone with a large bust.Unimpressed, to say the least. The overall quality of materials and workmanship, and the warranty coverage, are both disappointing in a watch marketed and sold in this price range (nearly 500 bucks retail, around 100 on Amazon at the time of this writing).

Mine came in a gift case like the one pictured on Amazon, except in a dark greenish color rather than yellow. The stitching on the case covering is for show only; the covering is glued to the case. On mine, the covering on the back of the case was already separating from the case itself (see photos uploaded). Not a great first impression.

More importantly, the watch itself has a noticeable defect on the face. There is a small, crescent-shaped area in the upper-right areas of the face (between 1 o-clock and 3 o'clock) that is discolored. In most lighting it appears noticeably darker than the rest of the face, which is mother-of-pearl. It looks like a shadow or a bubble in the pearl material. See the photo uploaded with this review. I understand that mother-of-pearl is a natural material that has natural variations in color and texture, but this is just a plain defect.

As other reviewers have noted, the band as it comes is sized generously. I believe it would fit a giant. Unless your wrist is as thick as an average adult's biceps, you will need to have links removed. It's possible to do it yourself if you have the right tools, though most persons will need to take it to a jeweler or watch repair shop. As for the appearance of the band, it has more of a shiny, polished chrome look than the product images on Amazon show. In the Amazon photos, the finish of the stainless steel has an almost matte, brushed steel look. Personally, I find the shiny, polished look of the band I received to be less attractive.

The warranty is also disappointing: only 12 months, with an option to purchase an additional 3 years. Even with the 12 month warranty, you have to pay $28 for "handling" when sending it in for repairs. Based on what I've seen of the watch so far, I'd say $28 is about the right price for a new one.

Compared to the Fossil watches I've purchased, which have 10 year warranties, display a noticeably better fit and finish, use materials that are as good or better as what goes into the Invicta, and cost around 100-150 dollars, this Invicta just doesn't measure up.Knock off!! Don't buyI was very excited to have this ring. The setting was very pretty. The sapphire stone was so dark in was black. Even in bright light the stone looked back. I am sending this back.The shoes are adorable and fit just fine as bedroom slippers go, but the bow on one of the slippers came off on the first night she wore them. I don't sew so now they look crazy after just one night which is disappointing.Th image on the earrings is pixelated and look tacky.  I did see slight pixelation in the image for this item, bit based on many of the reviews, I decided to give them a shot.  I thought that maybe it just looked pixel ate due to poor image quality in trying to get a close up photo to show detail.

Very disappointed.Didn't even receive the item pictured.Way too largeThe lettering wasn't bling like it showed it to be. Outfit is ok.One of them broke in less than 3 weeks. They were a gift and I just found out they are useless. It's too late to return themfor my nose, did not right side up, it sits weird in my nose, shop around before purchasing this oneThe writing was not visible within weeks of purchaseThere's no way these "X-Large" socks will fit a men's shoe size 12-16.  The socks are advertised as size "13-15", that means they should be 13 to 15 inches long.  Once laundered, they measure 11-12".  They do fit my 11 EE foot and appear to be of good quality, with just the right amount of ankle elasticity.  If you wear a shoe size similar to me, these would be a good purchase; if you're much bigger, don't bother with them.This is not a classic style robe, the sleeves are so wide and bulky they get in the way and I cannot do anything in the morning with the robe in. For example, I started the stove to make tea, which I've done while wearing a robe the last 7 years of my life, and the gigantic thick sleeve caught fire. I washed it once and started to unravel (see picture). It's not heavy, quality, warm and soft like you'd expect a terry cloth robe to be. It feels like it's a starchy, cheap towel even after washing. You get what you pay for... Which is a waste of money.It's a very chunky watch. It doesn't look sleek at allColor of the scarf in the photo appears a lot more muted. The color I received was much more of a lilac.Okay greatI wear a size 11 but but my partner told me these run a bit small.  I ordered an 11.5 and they were too tight.  I returnrd them and ordered a 12.  The 12 felt the same size as an 11.5.  They run small and im returning the 12.I normally wear a size 9.5 so ordered a 10 and it barely fits. My toes spread out a little which is not a nice look. Plus, where the straps cross in the front is a bit itchy.The worst purchase I made, ridiculously small I am medium size large and looks great for children, I wash before used 1 time and is brokenNot what I expected in style and not fitting.Beautiful color, fit as expected, but completely see-through!!!! Unable to wear.This bag is a real scam. I regret to buy it. It was torn after only 4 days of use. Very very bad quality!The product cut is defective.  The arm sleeves and neck are way too small.  I am not an athlete so, this should not be a problem.  The restock fee and mailing fees are way too high for this product so, I am eating a lot of cost and handling for a product that is unusable to nearly 100% of the American male population.

Save your hard earned dollars.  Do not buy.Order now and receive six months later. Too slow for me.Cannot adjust width of ankle strap.  Even though I have a wide foot, the shoe fell off.  No heel stability.  Bad fit.Tights are completely see through...Every time I put these thongs on it leaves my soles black- I absolutely hate that. The top is made of some kind of animal hair and adorned with a jewel that looks like a snow flake - not summery at all.I decided not to wear this. It's short and shapeless so it looks very frumpy. I live in Jamaica so it would be difficult to return.I wear and ordered 12M shoes. These were loose enough that I returned them. When walking they moved around a good bit on my feet.If I could leave no stars I would. Wore it twice and it broke! Actually both broke! Don't buy their junk!!!!I'm a C; maybe if I'd bought a size up it would have helped? But I doubt it.

If you're just looking for cleavage enhancement with nipple coverage, this is probably fine. But I got it opening that it'd also give the ladies a little support - I was going out dancing - and boy did it not at all. Everything just hung around like always.

So, in short, useless.The item is soft and feels like it would be warm but it does not cover the back of my head like I thought it would. I have short hair so the back of my neck gets cold easily. I was hoping this would cover the back of my head down to my neck. No way it was going to do that.Nice shoes . I normally wear 9, these just didn't fit.not what i expected. to big in the calf and the foot part is to rounded.Do not buy this shirt. The logo is messed up, shipping from China took forever, and it had an awful smell when I opened the package. Clearly a cheap Chinese knockoff.Costume ran VERY small. I can't even fit into it :(This bag is absolutely stunning.  I got the white with offset black detailing.  The picture doesn't come close to showing the beauty of this bag.

It is soft and supple leather..the bag is really a combination of art and fashion---I am buying more colors
******UPDATE  *******

I am so disappointed  ---I have probably used this bag  7 or 8 times---I rotate my bags--a lot---and this bag only for summer --one half the clasp is missing---I don't know HOW or WHEN---I cannot close the bag.
NOT HAPPYThese pants have always run a bit small so I have always worn a size larger than I usually do.  This pair, however, was way larger than the others I've had.  I also notice that the belt loops are smaller and would not work with my 1.5 inch belt.  Had to return them.Tiny, I'm a skinny size 10/10.5 these are really smallI bought this to use as a diaper bag and it was great at first with the waterproof material. Great for cleaning up inevitable spills with a little one. However, one of the zippers broke and then 2 months later the top hook broke so we are now unable to hang the backpack by the hook. I love Scout products and their quality but this one seriously let me down. Now Im in the market for a new diaper bag.Way too small even though I ordered the same waist size and cut that I wear in Dockers.  I have not had very good luck ordering clothers on Amazon, the sizes I normally wear are either too big or too small when I order them on-line. I will go to Kohls and Penny's for my work clothes because I know the brands that fit and I can try them on.It does not offer advertised support...at all Disapointed. Did not like the product because the fit is right but there is no support to body.I bought my right size but I guess the bras run small I wish someone would have told me.Looks cheapI have had several pairs of Nike Vomero Zoom shoes and love them until this pair.  This is the most uncomfortable pair and the arch support is terrible compared to other Nike Vomero's.  I would NOT recommend the Vomero 10!While this set is very pretty, the earrings arrived with the posts broken off. The necklace was undamaged and worth the $15 I paid though.Absolutely disgusted
Received a pair of worn, filthy, covered in dirt and mud sandals!!!! Absolutely nasty!!!!!!!!price fluctuates between $250+ all the way down to low $30's (????) .... oh, and upon arrival, the battery is dead; buyer beware indeed!The picture is deceptive. The shirt is not gray. it is more blue than gray. Also, the fit is weird. Not only does it run small but also, its made out of cotton with something else. As a result, the shirt fits really snug and not very flattering unless you have an athletic frame. It was a waste of my money.Runs very small an is cheap. Broke the 1st time wearing. Don't stay in place. I would say .. not worth it . Get a steel bone one .Does not look as pictured. Terrible quality and cheap looking screen print. Is actually a lighter gray shirt.Much larger than expected in waist and very short.  The white is very, very sheer which is disappointing.  Perhaps this may not be true of other colors.The arms were too shortOne star is too much for this shoes. I would never recommend anybody to buy it. It was so pure quality and in a three weeks it got two huge holes between shoe and sole.This product is cut very large is you wear a small normally you should go down a size of not 2Right when i got it it was beautiful! After i hung it up the moon part feel off the hook and chain. I tried to fix it but i couldn't. i was very unhappy with this and would not recommend it.Smaller than expected!I'd have to say the watch came in a pretty good condition, every thing was perfect the instructions were in the box. There was only one thing that bugged me I payed a lot of money for this watch and I expected it to be perfect. I know there is risks with buying online but I expected it to be how I ordered it from the picture it was a lot of money. It is not rose gold it is a silverfish grayish sparkle colour. I ordered rose gold and it wasn't . I did not send it back because I could live with colour and I needed it quickly. I was very disappointed I was so exited for a pop rose gold watch. By my favorite watch company. As u can see in the picture it is not rose gold.Showed up quickly. Looked great. FELL APART 1st time I wore them. The sole came unglued from footed both in the front and heel. :(They are really cute and I love the simple style, but they just don't work well. My daughter is 11 months old and she walks/runs. These shoes are hard to put on because there is no tab in the back and she curls up her toes so you have to smash the shoe on her as best you can. They are too wide but not tall enough to allow for the chubby part of the top of the foot, which makes them loose and fall off. I had to order a size up to get them on her foot, which is maybe why they fall off. She wears them for about 10 minutes before one of them falls off and I give up and let her go barefoot. I think this style might work better for a full on toddler, not an early walker with fat little baby feet. I'm going to stick with shoes with laces and a little tab in the back for now.Didn't fit and they felt cheaply made.Don't waste your moneyDress is huge. I have been given authorization to send it back. The jacket shoulder seams are an inch longer than they should be.
It looks great in the picture but it is a very unflattering dress, much too busy a pattern.I feel like I wasted my money. Not bright at all. Lights up a little at the bottom then fades out quickly. Instructions say not to fold tie but it arrives folded. Avoid.I was 5'9 and 120lbs pre-baby, 135 post-baby and looking for extra hip support and toning post c-section. This product did not work for me. First it is uncomfortable for c-section incision areas. Even walking or standing it seems to ride up and rub. I adjusted the product several times and tried different ways after reading the instructions. It's just not conducive to breast feeding or busy new mommies. Sitting to standing it shifts and requires extra attention. Wish I could get my money back on this one.the umbrella is just too large; the idea of it is cute but not practical because of the size for me.Like other reviewers wrote, vast difference between what you get at stores and what you get here.  Smaller and paper-thin material.  Up-side to thin drawers: Cool in the summertime! :)  Otherwise, fugetaboutit!The exterior is nice. Giving 3.5 stars on that. But the interior is uncomfortable. The beads and stitches are scratching my skin.Alot smaller than what it saysMEASURE YOUR CALVES! The foot is wide and big. But the opening of the boot is way to small. My fault for not measuring but these boots are cheap on quality.When did large become a 36- 38 in waist? I have been wearing large boxers my entire adult life. Now all of  a sudden large is 2 sizes to big. Thank you fat  AmericaFit okay but made very poorly, CheapClearly the shoes shown in the picture had white laces, white bottom sidewall and white tongue.  The actual product that was delivered had not a single speck of white on the shoes...entirely black.Stinks, doesn't clean nothingNot a quality produck, spend more and buy a better suit.Terrible!  They ripped the first day.  Weak materials!  Not a good purchase what so ever!If I could rate the frame itself separately I would give the frame 5 stars for value when it comes to the price. As for the lenses I would actually rate them at 1 star. They are clear and don't distort your view if you look out of one eye at a time. When looking out of both eyes you get the 3d glasses effect because the left lens is tinted differently than the right. This definitely makes it hard to wear these for any period of time (unless you don't mind the 3d glasses effect). I'm unsure if it was just the pair I received or if all are like this, but I certainly wouldn't recommend these to a friend.If Levi Strauss could see how thin the material in 501 shrink to fit button fly jeans (made out of this country) is, he would be totally ashamed.This wallet is why too stiff and hard to work with. I should have returned it.It states Women's Armour fleece but its really a girls x-large.  The return fee was half the price of the shirt so I gave it to our neighbor girl.The sandals are a bit too wide. Because of the width, they tend to rub the top of the foot and have made blisters. I have to put adhesive bandages on my feet in order to wear them comfortably.These shoes were so tight they caused me to have blisters on my feet within a half hour. I sent them back in exchchange for another style of Dunham shoes that fit fine.Very cute shorts... But.. So I am 5'8/118lbs. 35" hips and 28" waist. These are more like a size 6-8. I am true size 4 and had to sew these in about 2 inches to fit me. Sizing is bigger than described by seller.A gift for a teen wild about One Direction!  I sent charms as well! Sent via mail - I think the teen likes it!Too much on the bottom and not enough on the top. Returned them.After one wash the cut outs along the shirt hem are fraying.  Pretty disappointed. I knew it wouldn't be top quality clothing given the price, but expected it to last more than one wash.....FakeThese are the biggest scrub pants I've ever seen. The small has about a 34inch inseam and I can get both legs into one pant leg.Not thrilled with quality. I wore one pair and they are all balled up.Terrible, You cannot get it set even to the correct time the buttons do not work properly.  We will be returningNot worth it had a hole in the shirtWell it does look like a policeman uniform mens halloween costume, but the quality is really poor. You might be pleased with it, if it is a small party at home, but if you are going out to a club or big gathering then you might be feeling uncomfortable. Opt for a different constume. Well funny constumes are the best, in my opinion, and this one is not that funny. Have funThey come up to but do not cover the belly button.  Cut too high at the leg.  I'd send the whole 6 pack package back but had to take one out to try it on.  Therefore I'm stuck.Had purchased this size in the past, but this pair was just too tight.  Returned them.  Very disappointed with the shoes, but pleased with the ease of return.Fabric is cheap, fit is weird not a good buy. Should have believed the other reviews!I would not buy from this company,the shirt is thin,almost see threw & the image does not look like it does in the picture! Very cheep for what I paid!!Bad mTerial.too badBeen wearing buying and wearing size 38 waist most of my adult life. These pants say 38 but are more like 32. Way smaller than any other size 38 waist pant I have ever bought, Are inches smaller in Honduras?Whereas it's a plus size shirt, the sleeves are made for a person that wears a size 2.  I won't be able to wear this without tailoring.Measurements weren't accurate. Measurement table sucks. It's better to see it in person then to buy out onlineMaterial is very thin--Picture make's it look like a nice sweatshirt material, which is not the case and it smells.These fit tighter than the Levis slimming skinny jean which surprised me. I wear a size 12 in jeans and ordered the 32x32 and wow they are tight. I hope that after wearing them for a bit they will stretch out just a little. Im about to wash them and I will not dry them because if they're this tight now, I know I probably would never wear them. My advice is to maybe go up a size. I really wish jean sizes were more consistent 
 **update
After washing in cold water and line drying, they were a looser fit, but I noticed they are irregular!!! The seam in the seat isn't centered and the outer seam on the right pants leg in almost coming across my knee. Ive thrown away the tags but I will still try to return them. They cant be worn like that. I guess thats why they $19.99..so frustrating!!!Im really unhappy with these. Totally see through. Did not fit well. Poor quality.Compre para dar de regalo ms mi sorpresa fue que al abrir el paquete no eran los zapatos que estn en la foto y que haba escogido.Fake! looks like a 3 year old printed the Logo! and the material is thin! Don't wast your time or money.This bag was much smaller than expected. Purchased this item as a gift, unfortunately it wasn't even big enough for its original purpose. It is very well made, water-resistant, backstraps are well-padded and comfortable, lots of nice compartments...but the size is a real disappointment. Would definately purchase FCS products again, however I will be weary of the size listed...Too small. There is no way this is an average women's one size fits all size. Compare it more to little girl size.I was called away on a business trip when these were delivered. By the time i for back it was pastthe return date. Very uncomfortable and too small. I learned not too order from Amazon clothing at least for jeans. Its better to go to a store and try them on. Next time i might use amazon try it for a week deal.It was more like an extra small. Not sure how they considered it the size they said. Otherwise, nice material and would of felt good.I didn't expect much for the price... but the sizing is way off.  I generally wear a small or medium so I bought a medium.  Even when I let the ribbons out all the way, it is just a bit to small to clasp... which, if I could clasp it, trying to tighten it back up, the weak ribbons wouldn't hold against any stress.  The quality is about that of a Halloween costume, perhaps even a little worse.  It wasn't suppose to be for waist training and I knew the quality wouldn't be good, but I was hoping it would be a cute accessory... I was sadly mistaken.returned too smallI bought this boot and wore it 4 times - the bottom of the heel fell off! It has a low quality heel, not built to last.

I know it's cheap, but there are plenty of better quality ankle boots.Shirt runs small and my front of the  shirt  is peeling.. discovered this when I took it out of the packaging to try it on..You get what you pay for.  A very stiff bandI bought a few pairs: the cotton ones wore fine.  The others pilled after one wash, and I threw them out before the season ended.Too big at the top but the ankle part is extremely too small! Would not recommend unless you have a big kid with tiny tiny ankles!It was a VERY small jacket. Order 2-3 sizes above what you needThe pattern is so beautiful but the purse design and structure leaves a lot left to be desired. The strap is very flimsy and too close to the zipper to actually make it easy to get things in and out of the purse. The inside lining is a more plastic material than expected. It's very deceiving. I am sending it back.I ordered this for an event. Arrived broken. I tried to fix it just for pictures but this thing won't evetn hold up for 2 minutes. Nothing like the ad here. Very cheap material.complete waste of money. I wouldn't get this for free.I was the wrong color the color red is what I wantedI'd give it zero star if I could. It was very difficult to unsnap and when you do, your fingers get caught on the plastic attachment EACH time. To the trash it went. What a rip off.I bought these as an exact replacement for my last pair that lasted for almost 10 years. After only a couple of months, I have noticed that the bottom layer of the sole is starting to peel away form the upper layer. This allows rocks and whatnot to get into the air pockets and blows the whole "bouncing soles" concept. I am left to wonder if these are actually a legitimate Dr. Martens product or a knock off. Highly disappointed that the return window has closed.They are a bit to shortThe reality of this bag is nothing like the picture. I can understand variations in the pattern repeat, and I didn't expect my bag to look exactly like the photo, but I was hoping for that bright cheerful flower. This one is disappointingly drab. But the worst part is that the whole thing looks dull and faded, like a dusty old display item from a shop window. I love the way the bag is made, though. Too much trouble to return, and I won't donate it because it just looks shabby.Bearpaws are a poorly made boot, have purchased two pairs and both fell apart.  The company selling these was very difficult to deal with and has very poor customer service in my opinion.The jewelry box is pretty and exactly the size and type I wanted.  However, the top part doesn't sit right on the base and the left door doesn't close correctly.  Looks good but not impressed with the quality of this item.  I wouldn't buy it again.They were not what I thoughtOrdered the plain fabric hot pink fanny pack. 3 of them. Received 3 glitter pink plasticy ones instead.I love these pants. Very becoming, and the length is just right for me at 5'4". Dressy enough for work and good for casual, too.

UPDATE
I reordered what I thought would be the same pants. They're bootcut, not regular. And longer. And...the fabric is very stiff and uncomfortable. The pants are also an odd shape, so they wrinkle at the knees, then balloon out. Sad!broke  after first weekPieces where missing and my son never used it as excited as he was. It was an open box item. Don't buy this open box as a gift. It also seemed to not stay together very well, I don't think it's good for all day wear.Very nice boot, but I have to return it.

If you are looking for a zip-up boot, this is not the one for you. Unfortunately the "full length side zipper" is merely decorative and does not actually function as a zipper.

Note also that the burgundy color is more brown that burgundy.The buckle on the clasp is cartoonishly large. I'm sending mine back.Product runs much smaller than stated size... Sleeves are very tight.like it in terms of the softness and open neck but boy did this thing shrink. my kids are on the large / tall end but this was way too short too fastQuality is lacking, but price was low so that's to be expected.buckle broke after only a few times wearing itNot true to size. The back is very hard and will chafe your skin.Shoes did not fit!  Shoes need to be sent back still waiting to figure out how to send backtoo tightly  very narrowThese shoes ran small, and I returned them. I have problems with fitting my shoes because of my shape of my feetIf you lift weights at all you should probably look elsewhere or have these tailored. The waist was very loose while the thighs where too tight for movement. I'm a 29" waist, 5'6" and 143lbs for reference.Looks cheapfalling apart already.. not hat great looking.. and pieces are already in my jewely box from this product rolling around...The frustrating thing about this item is that it appears from the multiple pictures from the different sellers on Amazon, there is only one maker. Unfortunately, the workmanship on this shield is very poor. The front of the shield looks good, but the back side looks like crap. The resin covering the fiberglass was just slathered on with no effort to make it look smooth. The paint job was terrible: all worn down and spotty. The metal brackets that the handle attaches to were placed haphazardly, unaligned, and  four of the six screws were rusted. I mean, in order for my kid to play with this, we'd have to take the brackets off, drill new holes in the wooden setting, and replace the screws with new ones. It was so poorly done, we immediately felt a let down when we opened the box realizing that the whoever made and packaged it seriously didn't care about the quality of their workmanship and didn't care about us, the people who purchased it. The packaging was insufficient to cover the bolts that fasten the chain on the back. So of course the bolts broke through the thin sheet of styrofoam and the cardboard box, and one of the bolts was knocked off in the shipping process.

This shield was meant to be a Christmas present, but because it was so poorly made, we went ahead and showed it to him to ask his opinion on whether we should keep it. My son is younger and was willing to keep the shield because the front of the shield looked pretty good and it was the only one we could find on-line at a reasonable price. When we looked at alternate options, all we found was the exact same picture representing the shield, no matter who the seller was. This is frustrating because some folks report receiving a great product and others report receiving a poorly made product like mine, and we have no way of ascertaining the actual quality of the product we're ordering. It's a total shot in the dark, unfortunately.

In the end, we decided to return it and get something else entirely. A Christmas hope dashed (and a sale lost by the seller) due to poor attention to quality. Looking at it, they obviously didn't give a crap. And neither do we.Flimsy handle and material. And I wish I would have known that the comics aren't on the back of the tote. Just a black back.The waist stretches out fast, and they start to fall down.I cant even wear these because they fall off my head.It was bad quality and looked very cheap when i put it on i ended up buying somwthing else that looked 100 times betterWrong colorsI bought it for my bf as a present and its too small for his beltI like the cardigan just fine- except for a circular stain on the shoulder. I now inspect my deliveries more carefully when I receive them so I do not miss my chance to return them if I need to for any reason. This may have been a great purchase if not for the stain.First thing Did not get a warranty card nor there was any manual.
Secondly item is not worth the price, the small hands in the watch rotate at their own pace.
They kind of slide and slip when you press the buttons.
This one is like kids watch.to small, need to return themThe sole of these shoes delaminated 40 miles into a 211 mile backpacking trip. Pretty scary when you can't get back to civilization for another 100 miles.The sequins falls off easily.Poor quality materialToo smallThis dress was a big disappointment.  It was cheaply made and a waste of money......certainly not worthy of Amazon listingThese socks are so thin you can see my toes right through them and they pilled after a single wearing.No shape. Not an attractive color.I bought this on sale with the earrings. The quality of the pendant looks cheap and fades so fast. I am happy with the earrings but not this necklace :(Cute, but very uncomfortable.I bought this toe ring based on the reviews, and you really get what you paid for. The metal is so hard that it is inpossoible to adjust to fit, and it is really thick that it feels like you are stepping on a rock!!!!It's made with 55% cotton, not 35% as described. Didn't like the feel. Felt rough so I had to return it.Runs small...well made, heavy materialTop was too small... Color is different than it is in the picture .. I order purple and got pinkI am a manager in the Hospitality Industry.

The shoe looks very nice, comfortable foot cushioning (12 hr. day), but the tongue of shoe is too stiff which is causing some soreness on the top of my foot.  The slip resistenence is working and the laces seem to be holding up.  I will try to remember to update this rating in about 1 month.

Edit, month 3.5

My feet have never stunk so bad after wearing these shoes.  I leave them at work and when I come in the next day, the insoles curl up on the sides.  They will flatten out after wearing them for about an hour.  I used to wear shoes for crews and never (8 years) had this problem.  Shoes for crews just fall apart after 6 months.  I called timberland and was told I could mail the shoes back and they could determine if there was a defect in manufacturing.  I don't think I should have to pay to ship, so I bought som Skechers, which were cheaper and I will see how these hold up!  My opinion is to not buy these ever again!Bad quality.sisappointedNot the product ordered something totally different came...and comfortable, light weight. Unfortunately after only a few wears, the sides which attach to the mesh netting on the outside of the right shoe detached. Tried Crazy Glue to re-attach, but that is only partially holding.  I wouldn't purchase this sneaker again.The bag is great, except the straps are too short, and one strap was sliced, with a piece of tape placed over the damaged area. Will be returning.Order a xl it came in like a size xs, not to mention it came very late. The material isn't all that good either.Runs extremely smallAnt wear it ant it's too expensive to returnI tried and I just couldn't get into these... A weird factor for sure... My long seconds toe needed more room also... I wouldn't jog in them... Maybe yoga? If they fit perfectly but they don't.Had to return these because they were way too small for my husky-size son. Are these even husky size? The description says they are but the fit is definitely NOT husky.Shoes wore very quickly. These are not durable enough for 12 hour workdays,after only one month they were worn out. I also did not like the spongy feel in the heel. They were skid resistant.I don't even this this is metal. Plastic.How do I reach this vendor?  The necklace while pretty...is made of CADMIUM-A known cancer causing metal.  It was never written or disclosed online...until I read the tag that came with it.  Says its "compliant"...really?  Too bad, I was looking forward to this practical and pretty necklace. But, don't feel like getting sick!  Sending it back!  Shame on them for not disclosing that information!Better take a size smaller than u r sizesPasties didn't work! They don't stick at all!!I was so looking forward to the receipt of those shoes, and on arrival they were 2 sizes to large.  It may have been my fault, but I sure thought I wrote down size 7 which is my size.  We are all just human, so I forgive any mistakes including mine.  But I will be checking again for A DuckHead show I like in my size when I receive the money back from the sender.I got some similar to this at Madewell and lost one of the earrings and I was so excited to see that Amazon carry these. But when I receive them I was very disappointed to notice that the bars thickness is a lot thinner than the ones that I got from Madewell and the color of the gold is more of a pinky gold and the ones I had previously. You can barely see them in my ears.Came broken and unusable.Product is way too large by a full size at least Amazon doesn't allow exchanges. I would have to pay double in order to get the correct size. Ain't gonna happen.I ordered what is pictured in this color (paprika) and also in powder blue. I received my order last night. The powder blue are correct and fit perfectly. The paprika are a different style. They aren't the cut out, tab side that is pictured. They are a hipster style with rutched sides. I'm not going to be returning because they still fit and its too much of a hassle for me this time of year.I love the fabric on these and the legs seem to stay put.  The waist rolls a bit but it isn't really that annoying.  What is annoying, however, are the seams running through the crotch area.  The tiny gusset, which is no more than 2 inches in length from front to back, is sewn in with heavy stitching.  The seams are exceptionally irritating to my private parts.  I couldn't last more than an hour in these before having to remove them.  These would be outstanding if the seams could be removed from "down there."The high waisted portion of the underwear does not come high enough and creates an indentation on midriff. I am not able to wear this product because of this.too smallLooks big for a femaledidf not fit right ended of giving them alway to my familySame pattern with acu, but different colorBigger than expected, not much compressionComes completely wrinkled and it's very see throughDefinitely didn't fit like the picture.. ordered twice and both times they didn't fit and hurt to wear themTOO SMALL. I WOULD GO WITH LARGER SIZE.  I WAS LOOKING FOR LIGHT WEIGHT SHOE AND SLIM STYLE SHOE.  LOOKS BIG ACROSS FOOTShoes started peeling the first time my son wore themDon't Waste your money! after the second day of using this bag....the chain drawstring completely broke!Fell apart after 3 months bought both colors and both broke.I put these on and immediately packed them up for return. Not at all comfortable and really not cute either. I don't get the hype.Look great but are very flimsy. First pair arrived broken. Seller quickly replaced but second pair broke within two weeks from regular wear and tear. I didn't bother alerting seller as these were already more trouble than it was worth.Falls off ear terrible no good one fit one doesn't!!Returned. Didn't like feel of fabric or the way it fit me.They are very  cheap!  They broke already!5'2', 108 lbs, athletic build, and small was loose. The hips are flared out a little bit so it looked loose and weird on me. Dress would probably look nice on someone with more curves.Ugliest sunglasses ever if you don't care how you look buy them cause the lenses are nice but I shot them out and kept case and lense cleaner cause they were so ugly .No stretchThese shoes are only ok - the material around the heel and over the toe is a different material than the buckle strap and it is so obviously a different colour, it looks cheap. Also there is glue on the fabric from where the sole is glued and you can see it on the fabric.
They are very large too, way wider than a normal wide, so I would buy a size down.  They aren't awful, just look kind of cheap. You get what you pay for!The container was not shipped appropriately and the solution leaked everywhere. Really disappointed.Cannot understand why some reviewers slammed this product for being "too thin."  This is UNDERWEAR, and you want it to be thin so that it does not look like you are wearing a bunch of clothing under your OUTERWEAR (Pants).  Quality seems good, and yes they do seem thinner than some other brands, but compare the price too.  They do have a lot of room for your equipment to move around in, but once again, they are Boxers, not tightly whities.  3 stars for the good fit and color - sort of bland.  Would have been nice to have been a little bolder (I use them for sleepwear, not underwear.

If you are a woman looking for some as outerwear, look again, not suitable unless you want to let the world see if you have a Brazil, Bikini, or Natural.  Not completely see through, but not totally opaque either.

UPDATE ON 12-5-2012 OKAY- really are too thin.  Plus shape is weird - pokes out at front for some reason.  Does not feel better after a few washings, just feels like time to throw away.  have reduced from 3 stars to 1 star and really should be less.  Have already thrown away and will not ever reorder this stuff again.its not baddWine red??? More like burgundy really disappointed 2nd time am buying n it's the rong color so am stock with it 1st I bought four now I bought three so I'm stuck with 7 suspenders that I cannot use false advertisement or you guys don't know what is wine redThe pair I received look nothing like pictured. The material is different and the colors are dull and lifeless. Totally disappointing. I would send them back but it's not worth the hassle since the price was so cheap. Sigh. Won't buy from this company again though.Got these boots for my birthday after shopping the internet for them.  All reviews were great, and Red Wing Shoes has been around a long time.  I figured the quality would be there, but it wasn't.  The first month I had them the leather split on the side near the toe and the sole started to separate from the shoe.  Maybe I just got a bunk pair.  K-mart's Safe Trax cost less than half as much and lasts twice as long.  It's that bad.  This was my first and last pair of Red Wing Shoes.I normally wear a large but ordered a x-large and it still didn't fit. Shipping was fastI bought these because of the slim fit description but they are not. They are more square. Do not buy if you are looking for slim fit.Too short waistedI have had a Swiss army watch on my wrist for the past 20+ years and have been totally satisfied with the brand. After my last SAW crapped out I went on line to buy a new one. All I could find (in my price range) was this "Wenger Swiss Military Men's 72915 Classic Field Black Dial Canvas Leather". I figure, oh well Wenger has taken over the brand. WRONG!!! After wearing it for about a week, The stem fell out. What kind of a Swiss watch is this. I sent it back and I did receive a full refund. I finally ended up with a Seiko Men's SNK809 Seiko 5 Automatic Black Canvas Strap Watch.I luv this style of undies. What's not to like with your ass bare and saying your hole is ready? BUT... There is absolutely Noooo room for your cock and balls!  Squeezes and squishes so tight! I couldn't find a comfortable position. I guess they're ok for short term use. That's why 2 stars.My mother got me this as a gift (along with a different dress from Lindy Bop) for Christmas. The dress arrived smaller than the sizing listed, but would have worked if the bustline wasn't so high. This dress is so cute, but if you are relatively bucksome (I'm only a C cup) the bustline does not go under your bust. So even though the rest of the dress was wearable, just small, the way it was made does not in any way accommodate a woman with a slightly larger than average bust. I am 5' 6" and 135 lbs, so I am a pretty average size. The Medium we ordered didn't work.

We were considering sending them back and exchanging them for the next size up, until my mother went to the post office with the return shipping sticker to find that it would cost over $100 to ship it back (to the UK) and it was not covered by them or amazon. She was told that she had to bill it to herself, then send them something to reimburse her, but she doesn't trust that type of logic because she's afraid of her money not getting paid back (which I think is a fair fear for how easily people get ripped off on the net). Then we would have to pay for the shipping back here and what if it still doesn't fit? Then we pay for return shipping again and hope to get reimbursed? She didn't want to go through the hassle, unfortunately, which I believe to be fair. I was also a little disappointed that they just let us print the return postage with no notification that we would be responsible. She made a trip to the post office to find out it was her responsibility to pay over $100 in shipping. I think that's a little ridiculous.

The dress itself was a little cheaper quality fabric than I expected, though it was put together well. It's just disappointing that the bustline was so high and unaccommodating. It's a constant problem for me because I have a little bigger than average bust for my size, so everything fits perfect on the rest of my body, except for my bust. Then I have to go a size up and it usually doesn't fit as well everywhere else. The same problem went for the other dress she got me as well, unfortunately. It's a shame the majority of their dresses are built in that same fashion. They have such cute stuff. Just sadness..

EDITED 2/1/14
My mother has been going back and forth with Amazon/Lindy since before my first review. There have been four exchanges as of now, and Lindy has basically refused to print her a shipping sticker that they cover, rather than her paying then having to wait for reimbursement. I was also enlightened further into the situation when she informed me she only paid $10.50 to have it shipped to us. She said she assumed she would be able to send it back for the same amount, otherwise she would have never ordered them if she knew this would happen. I can't blame her. Amazon claims to have filed a claim for her reimbursement, so we'll have to see what happens. Overall, changed to 1/5 for their failure to even compromise or help the situation (Lindy, not Amazon). Highly disappointed.Bought it for my girlfriend to wear this halloween but it was way too big. It stayed in the closet for 2 months until i wore it for a disco party at my job & it fit me huge! Im very small 5'3 & i weight 115 pounds. It doesnt fit like in the picture. It falls to the back and its not fluffy. I still managed to rock it tho I purchased these exact pants in the past in a size Large and they fit perfect.  I have very long legs and these were the only yoga pants that didn't look like floods.  But, I purchased two more in a Large and both are way too short. Maybe they switched manufacturers?I've had these shoes for roughly 6 months.  The soles on the left shoe have completely come off, and I only wear them 2-3 times a week.Cut way off, and the top of the dress is a super thin see-through materialCouldn't even put it on.These look cool but the quality isn't that great . My son got them for Christmas and they were trash before Valentines Day. Cracked around the lenses :(I am very disappointed in this shoe. I order them to replace a previous pair of Clark's which I absolutely loved but finally wore out. I ordered the rounded toe shoe thinking it would be more comfortable. It is much too tight and as soon as I put them on, it was obvious I could never wear these . I also do not care for the tan stitching with the black shoe. I so wish they had not discontinued the style I originally wore and loved.These felt like knock offs. The leather was extremely squeaky and couldn't stand wearing them longer than 2 minutes.This product is meant for the skinny ankle and calfed gals.  I am somewhat overweight (14/16)and these Boot Straps were EXTREMELY tight.  I tried them in different positions (ankle almost on the foot, mid ankle, calf, etc.) and they just were not comfortable at all.  The company was however willing to exchange/refund.Cool design. Smelled like petroleum before I gently washed it. Smaller than expected.I had to send my first order of these back and reorder a size up. Even then the slipper is too small and tight. The inside is not soft with sheepskin as I'd expected. It is too narrow. The top is too tight, especially for anyone with a high arch like I have. Inside there is a seam which rubs uncomfortably against the foot. There is also a tag which rubs, even after cutting it off.

I gave these to a friend who has narrow feet. She likes to wear them, but has to wear socks with them because the inside is not soft and comfortable enough.

I love my UGG boots for their cute style and amazing inside comfort. I was expecting the same with these slippers, but am sorely disappointed in them.Very disappointed! This shirt was way too small!! No way it was a 2x!!!! Size chart was not helpful at all.See thru.Way too small, they are beautiful boots but I would say at least 2 sizes too smallI like this jaket peet
but too large
considerThe socks themselves fit fine but are supposed to not bind.  My husband has big calves and they are often swollen.  The socks bind at the top.pay attention to sizing this was hugeSizes run big I bought a smann and it was to big disappointedArrived with one of the main snap buckles broken. Very disappointing in what seems like an otherwise good product.I know this is a one size fits all, but according to the measurments listed....Only buy if you are small or medium (maybe large) I wear a 18W. and it was clingy. Material is great. Wish they had a bigger size, I would buy all the colors!It brokeI own Sorel Joan if Arctic boots in a 9, and they fit fine.  I got these in a 9, and my toes were pushing against the front of the shoe.  I returned them.  Cute shoes, though.Fits oddly around the bust.  Just sort of hangs and opens up. I would have sent it back but didn't want to pay the shipping on the return.  I am going to try bra tape.  Disappointing.This was fine, except that the seam in the shoulder is rough, and continually rubbed on my skin. I wouldn't order it again.The second time I wore these sandals, the strap broke. Do not waste your money. Very cute but whatsoever.I am very disappointed with this product , in the Pictor it shows that there is a separated space for cuffs or rings !!
Be advised that it only an empty box with nothing in it , so every thing is set on the bottom of the box with nothing to hold it in place.Quality of leather disappointing.I debated for nearly a year to buy these shoes.  Well, they arrived yesterday and they are awful!  These are the worst shoes I have ever purchased.  They are cheaply made, a straight board with heels and terrible imitation leather that will peel immediately.  They are going in the trash!They're way to big in the waist area but fit my thighs.The wallet is nice but is coming apart at the edges. It is used daily but not roughly. Typically in a coat pocket without much wear and it is peeling apart at the edges.Good look but poorely build. Stated peeling from the side after few wear.I scrutinized the Size Info page about this product before ordering.  However, there's 2 different sizing tables -- one for "Boxers" and one for "Briefs & Boxer Briefs".  Why???  And tell me, what's the difference between "Boxers" and "Boxer Briefs" ??  Am I the only one lost?  Why can't I just order the size desired for the product pictured?  Just so you know, these are apparently considered "Boxer Briefs", as MEDIUM ships as size 32-34".I wore them for a week. They are really cute, however, I started getting allergy after wearing them for two days. My ears got itchy first and now they got worse. It's unfortunate because I really like the design.Trouble through the whole process got the wrong ringIt's okToo short!Very poor finishing with regard to sewing. Outside seam edges fail immediately. This product is terrible.I returned itI ordered a black in 6x and tan in 5x and the black one is smaller! Makes no sense. Also. They are too short. So, you can choose to have muffin top belly or under ur boobs.Love the concept of this bag, it has everything I needed but it doesn't work. The snaps keep unsnapping and my checkbook keeps falling out. I also need to put masking tape over my credit cards or they will slip out onto the ground. It's a shame that the credit card slots stretch and it is a danger to your security. I wanted this to work and be my favorite handbag/wallet but unfortunately I am disappointed.S U P E R  T I G H T. Im not happy. My other Frye boots are PERFECT. I cant wear these with socks!! I think they're going to have go back. Seriously, are these really Frye boots?!?Narrow and uncomfortableThe straps barely made it across my foot to adhere to the Velcro. This must be for a very narrow foot. I returned the shoe.very small didn't like itToo short for my tall girl to wear to school. She also says the material feels rough.Ordered the men's size 5 so that my daughter got her women's size 7, like all real chucks are, right? Wrong! Came as a men's size 5, women's size 6.5. Sending them back immediately...we will see if I actually get a refund,.Ordered in August, work in a dental office, no abuse to these shoes.It soak through in the rain. Its fine with kids just playing outside. It protect kids from getting dirty and wet but it doesnt work well in the rain.Unfortunately the bra did not fit as expected and was returned. Would not purchase again.washed it once and the letters started to come apartUSED SHOES !! I  ordered a size 5 they are a huge size 5 !!!  They look like they were a returned item before they mailed them to me -- dirty soles !!These fit my son well. He's a 28/34.
But they attract so much lint it's unbelievable.Thought they were going to be for petite but must of bought them the wrong sizeThe clip pad popped off. It will not stay on now when replaced.Lovely shoe but was way too short.  I ordered my normal size.  Ordered a different color in a larger size and am happy with the other pair.I wasn't happy I had trouble returning it but they did keep in touch like they should but I returned itHeel was higher than expected. I returned it. Also, despite the nylon, it was way too big around the ankle.These shoes were very uncomfortable. I ordered a 6.5 wide and they were still too narrow. The material dug into to the top of my foot, I had to send them back.It's way too big for xxs. I like the cloth though but just too big.Its too large. Don't buy as per size.What I liked about these sneakers (I bought them from another site, but still) is their price. I needed affordable non-canvas shoes for walking my dog in woods and fields. Naturally, I wanted taller sneakers that would not get wet and could be cleaned easily. The side zipper was a great idea, so I would not fumble with straps.

So far, so good, the white outsole looks as if it was dipped in some black dust, but Ok with that, the skull stud did not fall off and seemed rather well glued. I generally wear 8 and 8 was a perfect fit - I can wear thick cotton socks and feel comfortable.

Now the bad - after just 4 wears I felt some moisture inside. When I inspected the sneakers, it seems the outsole is just coming off. It is very badly glued to the upper and even grass dew (haven't wore it in rain) made it fall apart. I probably can mend it, but still... What's the point of ankle length non-canvas sneakers, if you cannot wear them outdoors? I don't get it.I really wanted to love this product.  It's so adorable, but it was poorly sewn and ripped the same day my son got it for his birthday.I received an XL and it's too small. I normally wear 14. Not happy at all....These are super cute sandals. I was so torn as I loved how they look and feel but in the end I returned them as they just felt too loose around the straps. I felt like my feet were going to be sliding around and they wouldn't be too comfortable for walking.Wow. So this is WAY shorter than pictured!!!

I ordered this to wear to a toga party at work.  I wear a 7 in dresses, and after reading review that it runs small I ordered both a medium and a large.  The fabric was fine, not crazy see-through like some reviews said (as long as you wear something underneath).  The style was cute.  But it was amazingly short.  Unbelievably short.  Inappropriate to wear to work short, and I work at a bar...  so that should tell you something!

Returned it and hastily made a costume out of a sheet, which was easier and cuter than I expected.  If you're going for the overly sexy look, I guess it would be fine, as long as you don't plan on bending over all night.  At all.Waste of money. The elastic was cheap & kept coming off.Way to large I have several pairs of new balance and these were easily an inch longer than the same size NB shoes I already own.  Super disappointed in thisUnfortunately, I didn't discover a major flaw in the fabric before I washed the night gown.  It is on the side and has a circle of just backing, no fabric is present.  I hope this doesn't mean an early hole.It said it was a xL but it did not fit at all it was more like a mediumThe tail fell off on the first day. Low quality.Too short, not the color or style shown in picture.  Disappointed.  Too late to send back as it was to be a gift.Very tight fit I wear 7.5 in Jambu and these were too small I love jambu but not this shoethese pants are super small no way a 10/12  my daughter is in an 8 and these where way to short (above her ankles)??I got a size 9.5 and they sent me a size 6. Its also very cheap looking and has this weird shape to it. It's thicker at the top and skinnier at the bottom.It si not a real Marc Jacobs! Don't waste your money!!las gafas me llegaron con los vidrios en mal estado y el resto en buen estado osea al parecer ya venan as fue una perdida de tiempo y de dinero.Ordered two different pairs and both time the seem on the inside of the left shoe dug and rubbed against my foot. I've given up on this model that I really wanted.Sewn crookedly; looks homemade (not in a good way)Armpit holes are too large....tight fitting dress should not have loose armholesQuality wasn't the best.Title is misleading. These are rain boots not snow boots.It's nothing like what I expectedNot very supportive and gives an odd conical shape to the girls.I had previously bought these sunglasses 3 years ago for full price.  I had lost them one day boating and decided to save a little money by buying them on here.  THAT WAS A BIG MISTAKE! My package arrived on time and was packed very well.  I also had confidence in buying since amazon fulfilled the order. However, upon receiving the items I tried them on and noticed you could see my eyes through the shades.  Also, when in light, the shades turned purple.  If you have never owned designer sunglasses you would just think this is normal, IT IS NOT!!! When shades turn purple this means the tint in your sunglasses are bad (same theory as in a tint on a car window, when it goes bad it turns from gray/black to purple).  I do believe that they are real D&G but were sold to this company as defect sunglasses.  But I am still torn if they are real because of how light they are.  Needless to say, I RETURNED these to amazon and bought the REAL ones for full price ( which I am perfectly happy with).  Also, the pictures of the people that are wearing the sunglasses are from a highly known top line sunglass company and THIS IS WHAT THEY SHOULD LOOK LIKE! If you can see your eyes through the shade, the sunglasses don't block the glare of the sun, and the lenses turn purple then the price should be $10 and/or it should be stated that these are defected.  This is how they can get away with saying they are 100% real, come with a case and certficate, and still make you pay a larger price.Sorry, it is not comfortable, has a LARGE face, and has an annoying large clasp on the band which does NOTHING except add bulk and makes the expansionability less than it could be.  Why add a faux clasp (over one inch long) with extra weight and rigidity to an otherwise OK watchband?  Beats me.  Returned.I like the fit and the look, but after only one day of wearing it, the material is fuzzing up in front from the friction of my jacket (I think).  Not a good look at all.  I wouldn't be disappointed if I had only paid $20 for it, but would expect better for an item that's in the $50 range.It is cute, but it is definitely not 12-18 month. Possibly if it was made out of a stretchier material it could work to be on the smaller side of the 12-18 months size range.Sizes run bigThe shoe is very nice, but very poor quality. Not ORIGINAL NINE WEST brand . I lasted less than a year, he was a big part of the lining inside. AWFUL!!!The jeans stink. Literally. They arrived with that distinctive new jeans funk. Washed several times with vinegar even...to no avail. The smell was so bad I was to self conscious to be comfortable in public. AND the fit is good until you've had them on for an hour then they lose shape and become a wardrobe hassle.The back is broken after several days use. Terrible quality.It's small and not well made. I bought it for a friend and when she didn't want it I thought i would keep it until i saw the bag.this is only for people that are small. I have a 2x and mine roll up on me all the time. it only stay still if your  standing. a waist of my money.Had to return these. Very nicely packaged and nice looking, the leather is very thick and would probably take a while to break in but should last a long time. However, the size 7 is more like a 6.5 and so wouldn't fit for me.I don't likeRipped as soon as I tried to put them on  Returned that itemThey charged me for a new shoes but they were previously worn. Also, the shoes stink of feet! I don't even dare to return them! I threw them away!Terrible. My autistic son was excited to be getting the MONSTERS print (as shown). Instead the sent days of the week with vehicles. Nowhere does it really state that you won't know what print you're getting. And the fabric is awful! Rough & scratchy! Very disappointed :(Horrible.  Cheaply made, falls apart. If you are over 6', forget it. Last pair lasted 5 years. These I was disgusted with in 5 minutes. Do not buy.Ordered 9.5  2E, got 10  4EIt's a beautiful band but it is a piece of junk! Even when you hook it properly it falls off time and time again.The fabric on these slacks was too thin and the crotch was too short. The slacks didn't fit right and puffed out between the waist and the crotch.Poor quality, credit card slots too smallNot happy with color. Much more "girly" than it appears in photo.Horrible fit. Arms were too tight and I couldn't get it buttoned.......I am a true size 14.I got a medium and a large, medium was too tight and the large was too big.Fits too small.... For the price? What did I expect?I was happy with the earrings when they arrived. I washed them and my ears with soap and water, and I put the earrings in peroxide before putting them in my ears. I wore them for maybe three days with no problem, and then one evening my ears suddenly began to itch intensely. I looked in the mirror and saw my ears were very red. I now have a raging infection in both ears, and I see the backs of the earrings are discolored. The earrings I had in before are sterling silver and were and are fine. I cleaned everything and put those old earrings back in. What a disappointment! I never have problems with sterling silver, but sometimes do with jewelry which is made of something else. I only purchased these because Amazon claimed they were sterling silver.These shoes run big, I wear a size 10 and have never had this happen.  I will be returning themThe earrings are pretty but after about 5 uses they will not snap together. This means they will not stay on my ear. I would not recommend theseI only suggest this if you have a narrow face... someone with a normal size or fat face will not like the fit of this mask. The product is not flexible.I have always bought chucks and have wore the same size. For some reason they are big on me for being size 8.Bought this bag for a  trip to Costa Rica. One of the wheels broke off during customs handling and for the next 2 weeks, 6 hotels, innumerable shuttles and taxis, and many bell hops having to lift the bag to get it to and from rooms we had to deal with a suitcase that did not roll, spin, or even stand upright. I am reasonably handy, had all the parts to try to reattach the wheel, but the construction was such that there was no way I could repair in on the road. Very poor construction.

Now I have to take it to the authorized repair shop, show some sort of receipt to get it repaired under warrantee, wait for the repair, and pick it up again. Avoid this bag.

I do like the color though.DO NOT BUY!!!! This earing bent inside my 2 year olds ear! You can see in the pictures i uploaded, blood on the earling,l. Being i had to find a way to get it out and you can see the blood where the back screw was on!Pill up almost immediately.I was curious why the box was rattling as I removed the wallet from the box and plastic sleeve.  The metal exterior panels are hot glued to the plastic wallet and both sides had come loose during shipping.  Not a great start to the ownership experience.I bought thinking that im saving money, but I guess its true what they say you get what you pay for.  My son wears between a 2 and a 3. My gosh they were too small so instead of me getting an exchange I just went ahead and wanted a full return for my money such a dissapointment.:(The lining of the show only lasted two months, I don't recommend this to last a long timeGave as a gift; embarrassed it tarnished!Too snug for comfort . Runs small and short . ReturnedPlanned to wear this under my wedding dress, but even after consulting with the size chart, this was way too small. It was very unflattering and made my back fat bulge out. I didn't want to deal with the trial and error of finding my correct size.I bought this as a birthday present for my wife. The jewelry cabinet arrived to my house completely broken. The box was destroyed and the bottom half of the cabinet was cracked completely in half. I am very unhappy with this product.other countries producing this stuff are small. need to buy one size bigger than you expect if you don't want to have it only wearable for maybe one season if you're lucky!The actual product is somewhat different from the picture - the skirt is white and the belt is tan instead of dark brown. The skirt is really flimsy; a small breeze can send it flying all over the place. I don't feel like it will last too long. Seeing as how you can get $5-$8 skirts on sale at other retailers that offer much better quality, this skirt really isn't worth it.These boots are a lot cuter in the image provided on the website. Once I received them the material seemed cheap and stiff. The buttons would not stay buttoned. I returned them and received a full refund from the seller. That was the nice part.I purchase a lot of Indian blouses and the material on this blouse is super thin. To describe how thin, I can't find even something around my house as thin... it is thinner than a scarf, a bed sheet, just not worth it. Like the other reviewers, I would be worried accidentally ripping this blouse with daily wear. The pattern and vibrant color is the only thing that is going for it, but if you accidentally tear the blouse, what is the point?I ordered the pink dress with white flowers and got a completely different dress. The color is more of a light coral and there is absolutely no white. Needed this week for pictures and now my daughter will not match at all so I have to try to find something local within 2 days. Not happy!I love love love this shoe, unfortunately, the sling isn't tight enough so my foot slides off them all day and I'm half on and half off the side of the heel. I contacted the company to ask if there was any way to adjust. They replied there was not and to perhaps contact a seamstress. No offer to replace etc.  This could have been my hands down favorite summer shoe...  Also, for the record I am a larger woman. I can't imagine what tiny girls experience.Very poor quality. I gave these some time to break in. The leg openings are too narrow. The rise is undersized, so your never comfortable sitting or kneeling. The rise is the distance between the crotch and the waist. The rise is fully two inches too short (I'm 5' 9") And the belt loops are much too narrow for a work belt. I don't know who or where these are manufactured, but whoever makes these does not  make these work trousers for a busy guy. These are not a comfortable work pants. No way.  Poorly made.I was expecting a lot more from Chaco. The fit was fine, the zipper in the back made a lot of noise, made me feel like I was wearing an ankle bracelet. For the price I did not like it, I don't think it was a worth it.Not suitable, returned.Cheap material and lousy fit.  Ended up ordering a different set from a company in Hawaii and the difference in fit and quality is amazing.  This one is simply sub par.I did not like the way this fit or the material.  It was more tight fitting.  It seemed to run small.  Unfortunately, it was not what I was looking for or expecting.  I returned it.If you regularly shop in the kid or junior sections, you'll be just fine!The face color is definitely not blue/navy as described.  It's purple.  I'm trying to decide if I like the purple face.  The watch is beautiful, however, I would have not purchased if the face color was described accurately as purple.very small, purchased it as a gift for a young lady that is out of town so I don't know how it is going to fit.Cheap dollar store gloves.  Total rip off.The product is nice looking and probably perfect for casual wear or someone with a job with little physical labor. If that's what you're looking for, I recommend it, but I got this for someone who is a hard worker and after only a day of wearing it, the band broke.

It was a gift, and I just found out that, even before the band broke, the watch stops on and off throughout the day and needs to be rest. In just a few days of wearing it, he needed to reset it about 5 or so times already.Interesting material, but the seam is poor - looks like it has been ripped.Good looking clog. Too heavy to keep on foot.I'm sending these back because they're a little too large, the color is more of an orange-red than a true red, and I didn't realize it had a snakeskin pattern.too small,,,,,,,, gave to my daughter,,,,  pants should not cost 118.00,Too small unless your son is shaped like a pencil.Were to big for my granddaughterI loved this watch box for my dad. It seemed really well made and good quality but it fell apart quite fast. I got it for him Christmas 2015. So He's only had it a year and every part of it has fallen apart. I looked at it and he's had to put extra nails in it, glue parts together, and it looks HORRIBLE. I'm very upset with this purchase.It broke after three uses - no heavy wind (no noticeable wind at all, really). I was sitting on the train, tightening up the band to close it, and then I heard a snap. The wood of the stick had broken apart, and I barely moved it. I have owned this umbrella for a month but only used it three times - the first two times were unnecessary as it was only light rain and no wind.

DO NOT purchase. It looks good, but it's not sturdy at ALL.I like the watch but the strap is short.  For small wrists this watch will be fine.I own several other Gold Toe socks and they are great. I was looking for a sock that didn't come up to my knees and felt soft similar to an athletic sock. These are close but they aren't quite there. The worst part is the top is loose and tends to fall down. I will try Gold Toe again, just not this sock.The Velcro does not close completely. It only reaches about 3/4 of the way across my daughters very narrow foot, leaving a large piece of exposed Velcro which will certainly snag anything it comes in contact with. Not to mention, it just looks strange for the closure to not close all the way and have it stop on the top of the foot instead of on the side. I ordered a first pair that was too small so I had to send it back and it did not have this problem. The second pair I ordered was the same style but had an entirely different box. Not sure if it's a faulty batch, or if all of them are this way. Mine was ordered in a 3.5 for a 10 year old.Too smallI am disappointed since the product doesn't look like the image posted. I feel that I have wasted 25 bugs ):Love the top, but it's too small, trying to exchange for a larger size but the email bounces back and that is the only way you can get a return label!! I will change the rating once I can exchange for a larger size!!I know these are clogs but it felt like I was walking on cement blocks, thought the rubber sole would make a difference - nope! Also the shape of the rubber on the bottom make it look like you're wearing men's work boots. I wear a size 10 and definitely would need a size 11.Horrible! I was crying from pain. So disappointed! I read such great reviews and got half size bigger per reviews. So narrow that it felt like tourniquet around my feet. Was in burning pain and squished my pinky toes. Left red spots and soreness everywhere. I thought maybe bec they're new. So I tried a 2nd time. Had to take them off from pain. So disgusted.The material was flimsy and it was way too large for me even though I'm a big lady.Just like the pic but there was no choice of sizes so wasn't very surprised when it was too large for me. I'm a sixWasted money for me.  To large.Bad design! The top of the straps came out the first time my son wore these sandals. He hurt his knee! The design is like on flip flops! Why it is beyond me. Do not buy.NOVery pretty but the chain tarnished after only a few days so now I have to replace the chain.Colour fades!I ordered x-large not because I am fat but because I am tall, 5'10" and wanted the length. I also knew from the reviews that the skirt runs small so I went for this x-large even though I am a medium. Strangely when the skirt arrived I found at least FOUR stains on the fabric. It looked like it had come of a dumpster or been sewn in a dirty factory. Out of curiosity I tried it on and the x-large waistband was fine, tight, but stretchy enough to wear anywhere from waist to hips, however the x-large still only went to the top of my ankles so I'm guessing it's not going to be full length for anyone over 5'8" or 5'9". Additionally, one thing no one seems to mention in the reviews is the stitching at the waistband seam. It is not sewn flat but with the fabric protruding inside and to my thinking this makes the material bunch up at the waist making your waist to look larger than it needs be. Obviously that is the fastest sewing technique to sell the product and max profits; no need to take care when a lot of people are too busy to return things. Also the skirt was advertised as red but is more peachy-orange than red. Thankfully the product was Prime so it was easy for me to return.it's damagedPoor quality. It's not the painted jeans that I thought I am purchasingbarely made it to knee no elasticityThis was not what I thought I was getting.  The chain length was given, but not the size of the rings. THEY WERE HUGE.  It was very gaudy, I thought.  I was looking for small delicate rings on a short chain.Not worth the money. It is to small and cheaply made, spend a few dollars more and get a better product.firstly, these are definitely adorable.
secondly, i'm disturbed that a brand called "Softwalk" would sell a shoe with such a hard, plastic, noisy and unforgiving sole.
thirdly, for the first time i'm actually glad i have to wear custom orthotics because if didn't, i'd never be able to wear these shoes as they're quite deep.

the leather at the heel is stiff (not to mention the front of the pair i got looks like they might have been worn before) and the sole is hard and noisy.  the footbed has the signature egg-carton squishy insole, but beneath it the sole feels hollow and i worry how it would wear.

having really wide and flat feet, i have a very hard time finding cute AND comfortable shoes.  i took a chance on these, but i'm not sure if they're going to make the grade.  i will update this review when i decide whether or not to keep them.

update:  yeah, i just can't deal with the clompy hard soles and the ridge around the heel would rub my ankles and give me horrible blisters.  back they go!  sigh.  they're so cute, why can't they be comfortable, too?This one is going back. The material was stiff and uncomfortable and did not sit flat. The top was too small and not flattering to a larger chest, and the bottom did not give enough coverage in the back.This product seems as if it was for a child or a junior. It was way to small for the S/M. I had to return the item.Already worn out. The cuffs creases around the leg bottoms have holes and fraying. I would not purchase these pants again.nice shirt, but very small, too small for x-large  Can't believe it was x-large, had to return it too badI love the color and the look. However, if I would have paid attention and realized it did not have a spot for change I wouldn't of purchased. Very fast shipping and packaged wellThis tie is way too long (about 6 inches too long) for my tall 8 year old boy.  Would probably be better for a teenager or even a man.  Quality was as expected for the price.Very big fit from bust on down. Super soft, but I feel fat and frumpy wearing this. Wish I'd have bought 1-2 sizes smaller. I bought a medium and I always wear a medium. Guess I didn't understand the loose fit part...Runs very large. Comfortable, washable, but really big.First off I want all my fellow travelers to take a good hard look at the photo they have of this item at least as of 1/18/2018 9:10pm on Amazon's website. If you are like me, even slightly, you will have immediately classified just by the picture as some sort of gym bag closely resembling a standard light duty duffel bag. I bought this item under the impression it was woven only to find that it more closely resembled cheaply printed plastic film such as the kind you use for disposable plastic tablecloths or shower curtains. You like I, might find just this discovery disturbing enough to ruin the whole purchase. Most 7 dollar bags may be on sale or clearance but of the ones I've seen, none were made with a material so thin. Secondly the picture is terribly misleading as it is truly in every sense of the word a "sport" bag meaning only fit for the containment of small,non-fragile specialty accessories necessary for your particular sport no bigger than a basketball. While the photograph belies plenty of room for a change of clothes or two, a pair of shoes and whatever can be fit around it, the actual bag itself in my opinion wore more like a purse on a male athlete. The fact is the photo is of a cylindrical bag reminiscent of the kind of duffel and gym bags we grew up seeing in the 80s and 90s but the actual product is anything but similar.Looks great but ripped and tore around the heel on the after casual use the 2nd or 3rd time I wore themLast Christmas I bought two pairs of fingerless mitts from the same seller. I kept one pair and gifted the other. They were comfortable and gorgeous! Mine were swiped from the library and when I looked to buy a new pair they were $20 more, so I bought these at $38. They're not comfortable with the elastic at the wrist and knuckles, so I don't recommend them for people with arthritis, they feel too binding.

They're very well made and pretty.I read the chart and followed some of the comments posted, however the size was too small!Bad quality, too big for the pockets, it's not real leather, only 3 days of use and it feels that won't last more than 2 months. I didn't see the customers pictures when i chose this product so you should and see what I'm talking about, trust me it's what you see there it will open at the bottom and things will fall from it. Stay away from this walletI don't like the sizePoorly made shoes.  My daughter wore them just one evening for a daddy/daughter dance.  The bow & heart on top fell off, and the sole pulled away from the shoe on both feet.  I would not recommend these, cute, but did not hold up after the lightest wear.I don't know how to feel about this wallet. It's no ones fault but mine because I didn't read the specs. The wallet is not leather, it's pleather. I am absolutely blown away. It may be a good wallet but it's just not my style. Guess I will give it to my grandson. It will be his first wallet.cheap material  ear lope was sore and hurting 1 hr after wearing them  have to cut the fringes in order for then to be eventThey look like they would be comfortable. But for me they were not comfortable. The inside liner was cut someone to small. I am returning them.The item was way too long and did not fit well.  I returned the item for a refund.I ordered five men's XL shirts. Four came from one vendor, and one from another. The single is a women's XL. Not a good fit and a pain to exchange. I love the other four shirt.I bought this as a supplement to my winter wardrobe, but it is astonishingly thin for its price! Plus it started pilling immediately. The color also tends to run; even while you're wearing it, fabric dust gets very distinctly under your nails. Honestly, don't waste your money. The only plus is that the hood (and only the hood) is lined with soft faux-fur.I thought the boot had straps across there instep....nope... could not get them on my foot. no wonder they were on sale for over 50% off. You will get them back.I purchased the size that fits me (L) in other brands. These are too small to put on. Wasted some money here. If you're inclined to try them, get a size or two larger than usual.Not a sweater at all. Think stretchy gym pants fabric. Stripes didn't line up at seam so it looks cheap.This itemespecially the charmlooks and feels very cheap, so it doesnt really help me get into a meditative mood. I returned it because it was not worth the price.Very disappointed is the color but not the size and style I ordered a small and is 2!!!!! Big plus different style :(Its cute but as my bridemaid was putting it on, the ball fell off the end of the bracelet. Nothing a little super glue cant fix, but thats what you get when you spend $8Horrible quality and non returnable.the straps were so big and long but the cups don't fit at all. strangely proportionedNot a value for the money and qualityJunk. Arrived broken.The sides of these slide come loose/break very easily. They were comfortable, but I had to return because of the issue.Although it fit, it was not flattering for the belly area as advertised.  I do not have a very large belly and it seemed to largen it.Cheap! Small and cheap.This my second pair of TF 5379FT5379005 and this one is far different from the one I purchased before. The frame is very cheap and does not fit the same as bdeore. I am very disappointed in may ways especially knowing that i paid more for this one.
Very disappointed and will never purchase again!!Insides fall apart pretty quickly.I'm not a fan of these pants. They fit tight on my legs and I feel like I'm wearing tights. I'm 5'11" and 165 lbs with an athletic build. I ordered a medium and that seems to be the right size for me but they are a bit baggy in the trunk and tight on the legs. I think it's just the style and it just doesn't suit me.0/10. Very poor quality. Could buy better for $10 at Walmart.Cheap look and feel.I couple year ago I purchased Fruit of the Loom pocket tees in the store, and they fit well. That is why I ordered these shirts. I thought they would be the same. They are not. Too small, thin material, very short sleeves and they just look cheap. Unfortunately I bought 8 shirts. They're all going to the thrift store.When I tried it on it looked ok but after wearing it for a couple of hours it doesn't hold the breast in and looks terrible.Very cheaply made. Not impressed.The shirt fit as expected and I was super excited until I tried on the shorts.  The shorts were way too small and actually looked more like underwear instead of shorts.  My nine year old nephew can wear them if that tells you how small they are.  Had to run out last minute and try to find a pair of orange shorts...super frustrating, especially when I measured myself and ordered a larger size. Other than that the socks and backpack were great.The shoes fit great, and felt good. However after only 4 1/2 months of using them, the sole of the shoe cracked. I work in a factory setting, but for half of the day I am sitting at a desk. The crack really surprised me and I am disappointed that this happened so soon. My next pair of work shoes will not be new balance.Product broke after 1st useThe problem involves the tightness at the toe because of bunions on both feet.  They are not wearable.I ordered the same size as my other NB shoes, but these were very tight and small; one shoe was smaller than the other one.  They seemed to be rather hard shoes.  I returned them.The item runs very small. I suggest buying a size or two up from what you would normally wear.The product is a good design, but it's just not for me. I've always had small leather wallets so I thought I would like this product because of it's small nature/design, but it's too hard to get cards to slide in/out. If you have more than 4 bills, it's even more difficult to get the money in/out of the rubber band.  If this product had a money "clip" on it, I think I may have liked it more.  I'm going to stick with my leather wallets.These are nice boots but the opening is extremely tight around my calfs. The opening is way to small so it's really uncomfortable. They're hard to wear with tights, wearing them with jeans is unimaginable. They're rubbery so there isn't a way to widen or stretch the opening. I don't have large calfs at all. They really need to address this because if it's that tight around my small leg, everyone else has to have the same problem.It was sized correctly, but my gosh, the cut was way weird.  It didn't look like the way it did on the model at all.  Well maybe it did, but that's why her left arm is up to cover the fact that basically the entire left breast is exposed.  It wasn't just side boob, it was full on, "here is my left breast."  Not sure what the cut was aiming for but definitely did not work for me.  Sent it back.Could not get the dress on without help because the ruching in the back made it too difficult to get the zipper up by myself.  I was not happy with the jacket lapels--didn't stay in place.  It fit as I expected but I needed it for a wedding and I didn't like the way the lapels flopped around as I walked.Loved the color but these were WAY toooooo wide. I could have put both feet in one shoe.Size fit very small n cheap material.did not get what is pictured.  I received no solid colored socks, but only two sets of each white with colored toes/heals.  Disappointed but too desperate for new socks to return.  Bummed and so is my daughter.For the price, I guess it is OK. The gold dragon inlay looks nice but is much smaller and narrower than it appears in the photo. I wish it came in half sizes 11 is too big and 10 would be too small.Even though this jock is not expensive by any means, it's not work the $12.95 I paid for it.  Fell apart after one washing.  One of the leg straps started to completely unravel, the elastic bands in the pouch are all broken and sticking out.  Will never buy this brand again.This dress is cute but the armholes are very small and the chest area is very tight. I order this dress a size up but still experienced  problems of small armholes and extremely tight across the chest. The photo of this dress is a little deceiving  because the dress is actually short, I'm 5'6" and it hit me above my knees. Also the material is not soft but hard and rough against the skin, not what I expected at all. The style and color of the dress is adorable but the fit is all wrong.I purchased this watch and immediately returned it.  The pictures here on Amazon make it look like a shiny silver watch with a cobalt blue face.  In actuality the watch is a dark gray color (with a dull finish) with a darker gray face. Not only do I personally not like that color combination, but I actually think it makes the watch look cheap.  To make matters worse, I had assumed that this watch would be the size of comparable men's dive watches or luxury watches (e.g., slightly over sized).  This watch is tiny - almost more of a size you would expect in women's watches.  The small size makes it look even more like a cheap, $20 watch.  While the style of this watch may appeal to some people, I can honestly say that I have never been so disappointed with an online purchase.The upper was sown  crooked to the sole.  I didn't notice it until last week.  I had only wore them 3 times. I have many pair of Sperry Top-Sider's and love them. Was sad when someone pointed this out to me.As soon as I got them, they were chipped and continued to chip as I wore them. Not happy with this item and want a new set sent to me because I didn't pay for nothing.I've purchased 5 pairs. For no apparent reason, 2 out of the 5 pairs of jeans  ripped, vertically, next to the right rear pocket rendering them unusable. When the first pair ripped about a month ago, I was disappointed but thought it was a fluke. Today, when the second pair ripped, I knew there was a problem with the product. The jeans aren't a tight fit at all so it's not as if there were any strain on the material. There's just a defect in the manufacturing process. I'm very disappointed.It was all scratched upIt broke on me the second I got it.  One of the starfish points snapped off when I tried to put it on.Dug into my shoulders. Needed cushioned strapsNot thrilled. Bag is way too short for the dress and its not your average wedding dress with a long train either.  I was going to use it for my brides maid dress instead but it is too short for that too!  Will just pass it onto grandchild for her dresses. Won't buy again.Very heavy,very uncomfortable,left shoe feels wider than right one,left shoe string is 10 inches longer than the right one ,very puzzled how this could this EVEN happen.i would not recommend these shoes,very disappointed I wanted so much to like these shoes because I have tendinitis in both ankles .but it was not meant to be.I should have known better than to order from China. Poorly made and totally uneven.Looked and felt good. BUT  They are not light weight shoes. Very heavy for there size.Nice looking watch, unfortunately it arrived broken and I had to return it. I tried to turn the dial to set the time and the dial shot out onto the floor.
The price was on the low side and I am assuming you get what you pay for.Got stuck after 3 uses !!!!!!My main concern was that the colors listed in the picture, were not the colors i received,  i see 2 black, 1 charcoal, and 2 gray inside of the picture but i received 1 black, 4 gray  ,  which is not what i was ordering. darker colors are in higher demand than those 4 gray i received.it broke the 2nd day i wore it. i don't wear it to bed, i take off every day when i get home from work and hang on a hook so it won't get damaged and it broke the 2nd day and slipped down my shirt and fell on the floor. it's not repairable unless i replace the chain by a jeweler. not happy with product. i love the design, but quality not good. sorry.Too small. Found them from China for $6Fast mailing but I didn't like them. I am a thicker woman so the cut was not like the picture. They didn't make it to my ankle.Wanted it for my larger arms to wear under shirts and it did not do what I expected. Material was too stretchy and arms were actually larger and not snug. Very disappointed.im a nerd and feel like a nerd in these. Worst glasses ever. Plus they are tiny.Very bad
BrokenThis hat was so small it wouldn't fit a child.Not Ralph Lauren normal sizingOrdered a large and it'll fit two of me, it's huge!! Also very stiff. I'm hoping it shrinks and softens after washing it...arrived brokenNice color and size but It looks very cheap and made by plastic. I recommend you to buy it for your kid.Did not wear. Did not like the fact that the top of the boot was wider than expected, therefore unable to wear with non-wide bottom pants.Waisted my money. It feat like extra smallPicked size 18/20... needed a 2x. Received an XL...Had to send it back and order another one.Worst socks I've ever purchased. The seam is on the tip of the toes which makes it easy to cause blisters. They also don't conform to the toes & the elasticity sucks, they're always having to be pulled up. I eventually chucked the 2 packs I bought & got something else. 1 pack was still brand new.Had to return, simply too small even though they are the size I always wear comfortably.I have 2 of the 1.0 versions and the quality was better with 1.0. There was a large open gap in the side of this one when the top zipper is closed due to a defect in amount of material. I sent it back. If I could examine another one personally to make sure it was not defective I would buy again.
Update: I ordered a different color and still found the same gap between material at the closed main zipper  such that small items could potentially fall out if purse is upside down. And the quality of stitching of the same area is appalling. I really am disappointed for a second time. This red one will be returned as the blue one was.It seriously took me a day and a half to fit into these shoes. It was really tight on my feet. I had to blow dry it and expand the material at the same time for it to fit... took too much time.
If you're a size 7, I'd recommend getting a 7.5 instead.I ordered a 10 side (usa side) not Chinese 10 side . It's too small comparte use side !! Not muchI returned these as they were just too large.Me gust el traje pero me quedo pequeoI fitted the shoe at a store and decided to purchase off amazon because the price was lower by about $30. Shipped on time, size was correct, I was pleased at first until I walked on the course with it.

Very Very Very uncomfortable and stiff, you do not realize this until you walk a few holes with it on. I expected to have to break in a new pair of shoes, but this was ridiculous.

Heel area of shoe extremely hard, inflexible and sharp. It left blisters on back of my heels.

After a few months of wearing it, the "saddle" area literally busted where the shoe is supposed to bend.

It seems that the construction/design is very poor and the materials used for the shoe is weak.

I gave it 1 star only because I could not give a lower score.

Stay away from this brand, you would regret it.These earrings were pretty but immediately upon wearing, the stones started falling off. This was disappointing but I guess they were very inexpensive...I got this for my brother, and it was bad. The eyebrows and mustache that were black in the picture,LIGHT GRAY.Also,it had a crack from the eye to the bottom of the nose! Not impressed.The first time I used it it broke.  :(

When I pushed the button to close the mechanism broke and rendered the umbrella useless.  Was pretty bummed since I live in Los Angeles and use an umbrella about twice a year.I thought I'd give these a try and figured they could be a gift to my mother in law. She does like me much but I thought maybe it would get me on her good side. When I opened them I saw the writing on the wall - she'd probably hate me more if I did give them to her. There was no certificate, so who knows if they were real, and the quality of the diamonds was simply terrible, they were white and had no sparkle at all. I would have been better off with something CZ, maybe at that size it could fool her. So in order to preserve what little relationship there is I returned them and will go and buy her something nicer.They are too thin and stretch out a LOT shortly after putting them on. I wish I would have stuck with my favorite Levi's brand!I bought these same pants about 2 years ago and they fit just fine and the same pants I just bought are a little to short.They are way to large for a size 2..Design oh this hat is for people with super large heads. I wear a size 7 1/2 and in order to make it it I had to adjust the strap so far that I ended up with a large outward shaped "V" in the back. It looks so bad I won't wear it . Lesson learned. I would not recommend this particular hat for the average person.i was disappointed when i opened the box and saw how small it was, this item i would recommend purchase for a child , definitely not big enough for an adult, i am returning this item for a refundToo smallIf you don't mind replacing these after a few months of use, they are fine.  After some use, the clasp stops holding.  It's no fun when you sit down and the back strap pops loose and flips up hitting you on the head!  I would say whoever designed this needs to go back to design school for a few years.Received this pair of shoes on 12/22/14.  They are pretty comfortable right out of the box and I feel they are true to size. My issue and reason for 2stars is because I've only had them for 2 months and the stitching on the leather where the laces are is already falling apart. It's kind of hard to describe exactly where but it's where the stitching is in a "x" pattern which then has a square box stitched around it. Right below the lowest hole where the show laces go.  I don't even wear these shoes on a regular basis and their falling apart already. Not worth the money based on their quality.While the length is nice they run tight in the hips. Also beware that there is a big Dickies patch on the back of them (making them useless for school uniforms). The images in the item don't show that. Unfortunately, since they are not sold by Amazon and the seller doesn't allow free returns on them either (you get to pay for the return shipping costs). BUMMERThese are not soft like expected.  For the price they should have been more comfortable.  Disappointed.Came as if they forgot to finish in. The detail line is faded and the wood is not stained. Additionally the corners are not slightly rounded like in the pictures. They are still square. Either all the other photos in other reviews are planted by the seller to look amazing or mine just came out horrible. I will be returning. Very disappointed.The upper band appear to reach the tummy area but the real thing is not as long as expected. Would have gotten a 5star if it was reaching highThe green in this watch is not as it appears online, it is much darker which was a problem for since I purchased it to match a few of my clothing. It seems more like a toy watch but what could you expect for this price.is a very beautiful crop top but way tooooooooooooo small. i usually wear small and i order medium but i can't wear it. waste of moneyI really liked the style of this shoe and its versatility for work with slacks or more casual.  Unfortunately, in my experience it runs short and narrow, and the next size up didn't work either.Too smallCANT WEARI was really excited for these gloves.  I received them and have been overly disappointed.  I wore them once, for a trip from the house to the store.  When I got to the store to take them off, I noticed that half the stitching on the 'leather' part of the glove had unraveled and the 'leather' part of the glove was ripped in half.  This was after wearing them for about 5 minutes.  Terrible product with terrible durability.This is a beautiful looking shoe, but the 8.5 wide size was not wide at all.  In fact, I found it somewhat narrow compared to my medium-width size 8.5 shoes.  And I should have listened to the other reviewers; the 8.5W was way too long for my foot, even though other shoes I have in that size fit me perfectly well.The shirt is OK.  The padding makes for a lot of sweating.  The pockets are quite big so if you're packing like Dirty Harry, you're set but my Glock 27 gets lost down in there.This bag is huge.too small.
It runs not american size.When I got this I was really excited...until I had to use that awful resize tool.  They are nice enough to give you 3 heads for it, but each one felt like a strand of solder.  They kept breaking.  I ended up havign to make my own with a sewing needle.

For the first many weeks it was great.  I was complimented, and it looked wonderful.  I then noticed something, all of the clear plastic like coating covering the carbon folds stated to look like it was melting.  By that I mean I could clearly see swirls in the coating that gave it a melting effect.  That was a huge turnoff, and really cheapened the look.  I then noticed that the black titanium was fading, and was buffing out to a silver look.  Again, a cheapened look that was not attractive.

This bracelet is now not even worth wearing, because of how bad it looks to me.  For the price they are selling these for, the parts seem very poor.The wide width shoes ran too long. I returned the 8.5w for 8 w. Hopefully they will fit.I liked the material but based on reviews I ordered too large a size.  You could have put 3 of me in it.  I would probably order more to my true size in the future.Way too small. I ordered a large because I usually wear a medium, and saw that it ran small. The large size is more like an extra small. I'm sad that Amazon can not verify sizing before they put it on their site. I would have ordered a larger size and saved much frustration.color isn't what i expected thats why i rated it a 2 star was like a brown/red and bangs are long but nothing what shears cant fix. Wasnt much of a wave either but  other than all of tht the quality is so far decent.Awful fit and awful fabric! Would not reccomend!Hurt the tip of my toes.  Not roomy enough.This bra is not for me and am actually in the process of returning it as I write this.. For a size large, as indicated on the size chart it does not fit well. It is tight around the band and the sides of the bra ride up under your armpits as the straps are too short. Unfortunately, I would not recommend this bra because of this. (my normal bra size is 34 D) I hope this helps if your on the fence about sizing!Im very sad. No where was it indicated that these were child sizes. I saw they ran small and ordered a size up, xxxl. It barely fit over my chest. Fit me like it was an adult medium at the most. Like, that is more than "fits small"  im returning it and very sad i cant just order a size up. An xxxl should be baggy and roomy, not dit me like a sports bra.The strap that goes across was to tightThis item did not fit.  Typically I have trouble as I am a large breasted woman.  The fabric was also a bit itchyI have bought Hanes underwear for years.  These are my favorite style but the quality seems to be getting worse and worse.  The seams do not hold up for more than one or two wearings.  I think someone at Hane's needs to be checking into changing the way the seams are done.  Hate cotton underwear but may have to end up buying them.Size did not work. Runs smallerThis product is a joke. It works for one use, then you go to wash it (with soap and water, as instructions tell you) and all the adhesive completely goes away, primarily on the edges, making the product unusable. Waste of money - wish I never bought it.Not even close to being "ruby" in color, they are rusty brown.  Would have been attractive otherwiseVery poor product, that sums up my review of this product. I thought one of the reviews I read was biased but seeing this product came ripped at the side is an eyesore and rip-off for a so-called $199 Italian leather briefcase meant to have been a Xmas gift for my brother in Nigeria. I wanted to give a zero rating but the option is not available. Awful! How do I get another gift to Nigeria before Xmas ?I did receive a Buddha boot, however it was not what I ordered. I ordered a KNEE HIGH BLACK pair and instead I received a brown, just below the calf pair of Buddha boots. I have not returned them because they were a Xmas gift and I had no choice at the time. Disappointed....To tightholesThe straps are too short to make it across the foot like they are suppose to.  I always wear a 12D but these fit more like a 11CSole has completely detached from the bottom of sneaker. They have not been worn heavily and I only use them for walking.I normally wear 32x36 jeans, but ordered a bigger waist since the last 32x36 I had of Levi's slim fit jeans were a little tight, so I purchased 34x36 pair of the Rinsed Playa. They sat very low so that it showed a little too much of me if ever I bent over. They were very tight, though not uncomfortably so, and fit like skinny jeans, not slim fit. I was rather disappointed with how they turned out and will be sending them back.I ordered this shirt in while/navy, since it is listed as being 100% cotton and I'm allergic to poly-cotton blends.  I was very disappointed to see that the shirt is not all cotton as describes and have sent it back to Amazon.The boots i received were all wrinkled and the button does not close properly. Very disappointed.The tshirt that I received was not printed well. I realize it's supposed to be a distressed look, but when my husband opened it he couldn't even read it, it was so faded and light. Not satisfied with this shirt,but kept it because the shipping took awhile and it was a gift.Very dissatisfiedNot as good as the other Propper shirts I own. Stitching imperfections, fabric is not the same as the others.While the service at Amazon excels these were ordered has extra wide but came more narrow than any of my shoes of standard width. Would have liked to have keep them, easy to get on and off and looked like they would last, but they just don't fit in width, sending them back.  So if you have wide feet, beware.The colors were ok but I returned them because they looked like hospital booties.One of the three shirts has a one-inch gap in the sleeve where both sides of the material did not get sewn together.  I will sew it myself to fix it, but it's a large hole and should have been caught during inspection.My last last pair of Moabs were fantastic. I used them for 6 years and they remained comfortable and waterproof untill the end. I was so happy with them I didn't hesitate to buy the same ones again. These boots, however, are not the same. They lasted about two months before they started leaking. I believe water is coming in through the seam at the sole. I will be contacting Merrell for a refund.

For the reviews mentioning the mesh trapping water eliminating breathability. I get the logic but my last pair had no issues and these were fine for the fisrt two months. Something in the workmanship is failling at an unacceptable amount of time.This is a shirt not s dress. ReturnedRuns very small but cute. I had to order bigger sizeTha fabric is uncomfortable and does not stretch well.Runs super small and stitching was already unraveled at the top when received.  Cute design, but very poor quality.The description clearly stated that it was a "preshrunk" t-shirt, but the t-shirt I received was 100% Cotton, which is NOT WHAT I THOUGHT I WAS PURCHASING. I wanted preshrunk so the shirt wouldn't shrink in the wash as they usually will do.Smaller then advertisedThe sizes are very confusing.  And trying to return product to seller in China is too expensive.Pretty ring however, my wife's is to large fir her and although the front shows free returns which was the bigger selling point,  for some reason ours isn't eligible..  So that's something to keep in mindNice look but with regular everyday wear, the shoes both got a hole in the heel and couldn't be worn anymore.  A waste for $100very poor quality. Item returnedBought two pair; both ran almost a full size too small, and the upper strap is so short it's hard to fasten the shoe. I used to consider New Balance to be among the best shoe companies; no more!This hoodie was the worst hoodie I have ever purchased. One wash and it shrunk up to my boobs! ReallyIt's cheap and rips easy. It only fits small water bottles, and doesn't fit over my shoulder. It holds my clothes and worked until I got a better workout bag.I felt size 12 was too small, particularly the "toe box" as a lot of the hiking I do is in the mountains and downhill is a big consideration. Since no size 12.5, replaced with size 13 which I feel is a little big. And the right shoe/boot has developed a "popping" noise which is very irritating/annoying (wore on two different four mile walks/hikes, thicker socks and tighter lacing, still popping noise).They are cute and I support the cause, but the fabric on the shoe tore the second day that I wore them.Did not receive color I ordered have returned item.  I would have kept it had it been the right color. It was very cute but not in navy blue. Only giving one star because i did not receive colored ordered.Junk.  Starfish is plastic.I could have gotten the same support from a pillow case.  Thin layer of spandex material, did nothing but ride up, no support for the girls either.  Thank goodness for hassle-free returns!  :)i own 4 pairs of keen mid to high top hikers - the last two pairs I have ordered have been way too small. I consistently wear size 11 no problem. these Bryce mid 11's were too short and too narrow. returned for 11.5 but still very narrow. come on Keen!Unfortunately I did not receive the NEW item I wanted. There was a deodorant stain on the bra and I found a stray hair in the lace.
This will be going back.This is a very pretty bracelet but the diameter is huge,  enormous, gigantic! Even when on the smallest ring, I can still slip the bracelet off my wrist. I don't want to spend the entire night worrying about it falling offcame too large and was not well made.  after I ordered the ECCO Helsinki and the craftsmanship and sizing was perfectMask was delivered with a 2" rip on the side.I took a chance on it, I read the reviews and I thought I could do it, I REALLY wanted to like these earrings BUT, I just couldnt. I had successfully put on one earring, thinking The next would be easy I set out to open the other earring but sadly the wire part of it broke before I could even put it onI was so excited to get such a beautiful and well made corset.  Then I attempted to try it on.  I was very surprised that the Plus size 1X did not fit me.  According to their size chart I ordered the correct size: US Clothing Size, 14W to 16W, Bust 42-44, Waist 35-37, Hips 44-46.  I fall into this pretty spot on.  I am also 6 feet tall. All other corsets that I have purchased at ren fairs, etc... that were a size 1X fit perfect, so it should have fit really well.  Imagine my surprise when it fit my size 0-2 daughter. Who, according to their size chart is: XS: US Clothing size 0-2, Chest 32-33, Waist 24-25, Hips 34.5-35.5.  Again, this is pretty spot on.  And for all of the people who want to say that we probably took our measurements wrong, I worked in the fashion industry before having children.  I also did double and triple check the size label and what size I had ordered.  I also make my own clothing.

I wanted to exchange it for a larger size because it was well constructed and very beautiful.  I was only allowed to return it and never heard back from them personally.  The return process is completely automated.

It seems that while the corset is well made they just put the different sized labels on all the same sized corsets. If you are a size 0 like my daughter it will fit great.  Otherwise, do not waste your time or money.This was the second pair of these jeans that I ordered. The first time, they fit perfectly until I washed them. These, however, were too small upon arrival. The company claims that their jeans match the measurements stated.  I ended up having to pay to mail these back.
I'm done with them on these.I bought the small for my wife who is 5'4". This robe was huge on her. It actually fit me just fine, and I'm a 6'1" male. The robe is super soft and comfy though.This tie is too small and is for a little boy kid age 4 and under!!!! the description on the web states for men is false!!!  I want full refund with paid postage for me to mail back!!!Too small, not true to size.  Not nearly the same size as indicated.  The seller did refund some of my money though and I didn't have to ship it back to China.  Also was not hot pink, was more of a rose pink which I was ok with. Since the seller was decent, I might try again.  Just beware that you will have to order at least one, if not two sizes bigger than you normally would for youth.Not the true colors as shown in picture.These fit around my legs and hips and stomach just fine.  But it came up to my breasts or even farther!  Because they were so long, I couldn't just fold the top down and pull them up; they were all bunched up by my thighs/butt.  Returning them.The knob that one pulls to the analog time does NOT pull out.  There is no means by which to set the analog time, so the watch is immediately useless.  Also, the item description says it comes with an owners manual but that is a lie.  There were zero instructions on how to set the digital time, and however one sets the time it definitely is not intuitive.  We are going to have to send the watch back as it is useless as a digital and an analog watch.  One might as well have purchased a race car with no tires for all the use one could get out of this watch.  Buyers beware!Too baggy for sizetop is more like a ladies m, not a 2xl. Was away, so when tried on it was a few days past the return date, so am stuck with missized items.Cute watches ,low quality.not true to sizeI think the waist size is much smaller than what is advertised. I can't even get it on or fastened.VERY narrow lens height, about one inch.  They don't work with my glasses, because the clip is not wide enough to clip across the nosepiece. There isn't anything superior about the construction or quality that would merit the asking price.  I probably should have bought several pairs of cheap ones that would fit my glasses.The large is not  a true large, little tight in the breast area. and the material is a little thin to have spandex in it.The graphics were of LOW quality.  Didn't expect much, for the price it was sold at.It has little to no grip even when slightly wet. Expected better from Merrell. It literally lives up to its minimalism.The scrub looks more like a dress shirt. sleeves are to narrow and material to thinThis bra was not true to size. I even ordered a size bigger just to make sure it was comfortable. It was still too small. It also did not stay in place through out the night. Don't waste your money.Better buy a size up from what you normally wear.ScamPoor qualityThese just seemed way too heavy and clunky to be graceful on the dance floor. They were very comfy though.I bought this for my wife, she loves it.  That's always a good thing.  It's a little discouraging though when I paid 188 dollars plus 20 bucks shipping and the bag comes in with a price tag of 141 dollars.We've bought snow boots by Columbia before, but these are cut VERY small. Our daughter who wears size 7 toddler couldn't even get her feet into the size 8 boots.Very cute outfit but my little girl won't be able to wear it as it is too tight.  I would send it back but my wife washed it, as she does all of babies new clothes, before she tried it on our little girl.This piece of jewelry was so dainty I can't even put on a decent sized pendant without worrying about breaking it.Sent wrong type of shirt.Love the color and fit but the silver dots popped off easily w even slightest touch.Purchased these for my daughter to wear to Disney on Ice. She tried them on and they had a big run on the butt. Have not worn. Will request a refund.Not a quality JeanThe chain was broken when it arrived.Tiny fragile chain, didn't ship well, some smashing.More than expected. Very good quality. Amendment: when I reviewed this product I had not worn all of the shirts. I had worn 3 of them and they seemed fine. However, I wore the 4th one today for the first time. The seam under the arm did not last the entire day. It does not appear to be torn. It appears that the seams were not sewn properly.Most painful heels I have ever worn. Very disappointing. Could only wear for half an hour. Basically useless. Cute though.It's large for meThe posts are too big for pierced ears.Problems with the getting the zipper to go up and down even when I unzipped them to try on. The zipper snapped off within 2 months, now they just look cute hanging in my closet.I bought the same size of my last Keds, but these ones seem a bit bigger... And by bit I mean a lot,When washed and dried they shrunk to a small.Got a terrible rash under my arms.It's cheap, lightweight crappy quality.  Reminds me of something you'd get out of a bubble gum machine.The picture makes it seem like this shirt is slightly baggy around the waist, which is why I bought it.  But the shirt is too tight (I bought a 3x and that is normally a little big on me), and the material is very clingy, it sticks right to you.  The picture is not a good representation of how it wears.  Disappointed.size L is probably a size SMy baby is and was just 2 months old normal height & weight for her age. Just had her 2 month appointment. 13Lbs / 23 in long. But the 3-6 months onesies started to be to small. She was already in the 6 month stuff fine. So I stocked up on the 6-9 months and she just now turned 3 months and they are tight and no longer fit. She maybe got 2 wearings out of this batch. They are cute and nice but size is far from accurate. But on the other hand the 6-9 months sleepers fit like a champ :)Completely different color than the pictureThis shoes would be strong if it had a stronger bottom, it was bought for school he is seven years old, I had to get new shoes.  Please make the sole stronger for little boys to wear it longer than 2 months.  He wears a size 11 little kids and it fit perfectly with a little space for growth.These pants seemed liked they were good quality but within 3 days...they ripped. Had a good 6 inch tear in the front of the pants that literally came from nowhere. They are way to overpriced and I would suggest another brandI have owned this watch for four weeks. It started falling behind on time after the second week. I thought that maybe I hadn't been exposing it to enough light.  I started leaving a lamp on and leaving the watch under the light for recharging. I just got  back from Lake Havasu, where I had the watch on all day in the hot sun and the as soon as I got back, the watch started falling behind. I tried to return it but my window of return was over. They only gave me 27 days. I don't know if I just got a bad batch or this model is that unreliable. A watch isn't worth a cr@p if it cant keep time. I would pass on  this item.Material is very cheap. The tip broke after used.Very excited to receive but the bracelets are all loosely made. The Amathus inner nylon band split after wearing a half a day. The Rose Quartz is loose enough to be expected it will do the same, Tiger eye bracelet seems tighter, I guess one out of three....This shoe is very ridged and does not bend when you take a step. It actually pops off of your heel.Cheap cheapOrdered these lenses to replace my original square wire lens. The shape of lenses were correct, but the size was an 8th or more smaller than the originals. There are actually many styles (years) the square were made and each release has minute differences. Still waiting on revant to answer my email to clarify the differences.Junk.  Our child didn't even get to the bus stop on the first day of school before the lunch bag fell off.  The inside "fabric" also started ripping after the first day.  I will be returning the bag as it is not worth the $20 I paid for it.seems like good quality, some spandex but buy a size larger if you want to have any type of fitSo thin and unflattering for anyone with even slight curves.First place , never buy very cheap product and no response from vendors . Received the damaged goods Fit was good, but had holes in them where the elastic connected to the nylon.I didn't like the material - it looked and felt like polyester to me. Returned.After first laundry, after light wear, exposed a hole at the seam line under front neck line shirt is no bargin and lacks defect control DONT WASTE YOUR MONEYShoe was way too small for my son-in-law. We had to return them. But he said they felt like they would be comfortable if they had fit. Unfortunately they did not have a bigger sizeNice watch but I bought with the assumption that the small dials work. They are only cosmetic. The description states automatic date function. The small date dials & the other time dial are decoration only. If I had known that, I would have purchased another watch with working small dials. Not gonna send it back to China now. Watch what you buy!bad quality ..very badgah... really wanted to like these shoes, but there's a hard, trim/sewn area that goes around the inside opening and it bites into your ankle.  It's on the inside of where the leather trim is sewn on, Why would the shoe maker have this right up against your Achilles and ankle bones?  I don't get it.  Had to give the shoes away.  I couldn't wear them more than a couple hours without serious discomfort.Not 5 pockets!  I bought these specifically for the 5 pockets so my daughter would have a place to stash her phone at school.  There are two back pockets and in front there is one teeny-tiny key-pocket with a zipper.  The other "two pockets" are simply two rows of stitching.  The were very soft and I suspect that they would have been comfortable.  I didn't bother having my daughter try them on.Little tab that connects to zipper came off before getting it zipped up. This is the little metal peice that connects to the zipper to keep zipper zipped.The wig had ringlet curly black hair, which Beetlejuice does not have. Fit way too big. Do not recommendI had to visit more than three times the watchmakerAlthough I ordered the same size as other bras I have which are very comfortable, I had to send this back because it came up way to high into the armpits on the sides.  Amazon Prime's free shipping and returns are wonderful when trying to find just the right product.It was really short for me at just below 5'6 and 150lbs. The seams were not flattering and every little bump is shown with this dress. So it is not flattering unless you're short and thin. I'm returning this.shrinks and fades a lot after 1 wash.  The v neck is also too highThe fabric is not soft that's why I give it a 2 starI disagree with a lot of people on here about this top. It is too big and the lace looks very cheap, and the fabric is nothing special. I am sending it back.I was ordered dancing shoes size 7.5M US, But I received size 3M US. (I can't believe it is happing on Amazon!)
When I returned the shoes and got refund only US $4.95! (I was paid US $32.5)

It wasn't my fault - Why did I pay the lost?  I don't trust Amazon any more...

Customer:
Alice ChoiThese slippers need better support for this price. After a few months they totally run flat and feels like you are walking on concrete.Was too short on my torsoI got two left shoes! Other than not being able to wear them. The size was a little tight, I would order a size up.Broke after one use. LameDo not buy this watch!! Had this watch for just over one week and the battery died! This has never happened to me when I purchase timex watches. I will go back to buying those from now on.Said 40 but fit like 38."One size" is horrible.
I am 5'4" 145lbs and this is incredibly too small. If I lift my arms in the air, everything comes out. It's also extremely tight around the arms/armpit area. The colors are beautiful though. I was excited about this top too.Not Worth it Women don't Look good in that.This sweater arrived with stitching missing at the top of the collar.  Its too bad. The sweater looks nice other than that. I contacted the seller and I will update if they make it right.I like it but I had to sent it back and make exchange to small size. It looks like the small size gone quickly so no small size black color, so I had to change to another color as well.
it makes me think no more online shopping for shoes maybeI am 5'2'', 115 lb, ordered a large, because that was only size available. Even in a large, this suit is tiny. The threads were coming out of it, and it had a small hole in the liningVery uncomfortable shoe. I would not recommend.I ordered the December birthstone and somehow got the sapphire ones. My daughter was so excited that she had new earrings that she already wore them, so there was no way of returning them.Chintzy to largeThese shoes held up for only a month!Okay, I wanted something soft and comfy, did not meet the criteria. I would not recommend the  purchase of this itemWrinkle resistant?  You gotta be kidding!These boots are cute, but I only wore them a handful of times before the soles became detached from the rest of the boot. Very poor quality.Awful look - pointy boobs. Not confortable and cheap material. Usually love bali but not this one.waste of money  even to return
please don't buytoo big returnedThe jewelry piece on the toe scratched my toe an foot and the fit was to large ! I was very disappointed in this shoe.These shoes absolutely suck! Most uncomfortable Chinese made piece of crap shoes I've ever bought! Do not buy these shoes! I will never wear these uncomfortable shoes again! Cheap Chinese leather, some synthetic fake rubber sole! My feet hurt for days! Save your money and don't buy this junk!!!!the shoe is great except the steel toe is way too small for a large shoe.Had a hole in the toe when we got them. My daughter was so excited that she pulled the tags off right away. Would have returned if she hadnt pulled tags off.I got a huge red hat that is too large for my boyfriend's head even!What must I do to make it work? There is no movements at all when I opened the box.I kept slipping out the side and as a result they are non functional. I had, by contrast, very good results with David Archy. I have no conflicts of interest and receive no benefit for saying so.not what i though they were! too small.I didn't like the sizeHorrible. the socks do not stay up, but instead slowly slide down like the old gym sweat socks from the 1970s. the end result is that they socks bunch at the ankles and cut off your circulation. I wore them with a suit to the office and was in the mens room constantly, pulling back up and adjusting them. NOT a good answer at all! As i had worn them, I had to just throw them away. a complete waste of money. I went out and replaced them with calve sleeves, for running. they worked like a charm and did not slide down over the course of the day. Look into those.PIECE OF GARBAGE THE DRIVERS LICENSE SLOT HOLDER, ON THE SIDE, IS ALREADY TOTALLY UNSTITCHED AND I HAVE HAD IT A MONTH!  LOOKS COOL, FUNCTIONAL BUT PIECE OF CRAP CRAFTSMANSHIP.  I FEEL SORRY FOR THOSE POOR CHILDREN!!cute product, but when washed in delicate in a lingerie bag, completely came apart and will no longer hold the cute shape. After one wash :(It looks way cuter in the photo. On me it was too big & looked like an oversized nightgown. Plus the charcoal color almost looked green. So disappointed.These shirts are sized by foreign sizes. A 3x is not equivalent to US 3x size. Now I'm stuck paying for return charges because the company feels it's not their error. The 3x is about equivalent to a 1x US size.you advertise that the belt is two inches wide it is not its is only 1/ 3/4 wide . because i need a belt now iam keeping this but next time you ship what you advertise................Website states that a US size 12.5 is an EU size 45.  This is not accurate.  We received a US size 11.5.  Beware - order your correct EU size on this one and ignore the incorrect reference to the US equivalent.  Also website states that this is a Mid GTX Boot and it is a shoe.  We are attempting to return it to the Seller backcountry.com. Very disappointing :(I have a problem with blouses fitting tight over my chest which forces me to sometimes buy XL. I figured I would on this and if it was a bit loose that was better than too tight and buttons popping like some of the large Oxford shirts I recently tried on from another store. This was so loose I could have stuffed a king size pillow in the shirt with me and still had room to spare. I am going to reorder because everything else with the quality looks great but for as wide as the XL is I am not sure if the large is going to be too big. Once I receive it I will post a review on that to try and help others built like me---38F with tiny little bird arms and shoulders ( in other words someone that the 80's shoulder pad fashion craze went unnoticed on because it just helped our shirts fit right).just the wig is orange not red!This wallet is smaller than expected. It feels and look plastic and has a horrible smell. I will be returning.Pretty bag but very poor made. It broke in 7 months. Don't get this backpack if you are looking for something that will last. I learned my lesson and this time I got a real leather backpack from Ebags.Way too baggy for me.Terrible printing and entirely too small. Didn't purchase a 4X but that was what arrived.  This 4XL may be a typical XL shirt....maybe. Makes a nice compression shirt on my 9 year old but it's not going over my shoulders anytime soon. Pretty sure my 6 year old could have done a better job of coloring this shirt than whatever vintage 1980s machine they used to print it. You would think since it took a month and a half to arrive it would've at least been a good quality print. I'll have to find another way to channel my inner Bundy for the time being.Nice looking skinny jeanat first. All the jewels came off during the first wash tho.PoorMuch larger than normal size.  Order a size or two downNice colors but terrible quality. Ripped on the first wear . Now I'm stuck at work with ripped pants!Beautiful...but was missing one crystal.It's too small, not quite true to the sizing scaleI did not expect much. the gaps and holes were LARGE they would not stay up.Purse looked great.  Took it on a trip and one of the zippers broke while traveling in Russia.  Had only used it for a week.  Like the size and design, but couldn't believe the zipper wasn't able to last!Were supposed to be women's 9 but they are little kids 9 the package even says women's on them but they are child'sThe size chart being US med is off. It would have fit. Large was not avail.I didn't care for the way these looked on me, and they were very light weight and felt kind of flimsy.  That might be good for some people, but did not work for me. I returned them, and as usual received excellent service from Amazon.This material is very cheap.I have no idea if this sweater is warm or not because it either was made too small or mislabeled. I ordered a large sweater and received one that maybe my granddaughter could wear, and she is ten years old. Very disappointed. Amazon made returning this sweater a very nice experience.There was a whole in the shirt.I normally wear a M or L. After checking the manufacturer size guide, I found I was just under the L measurements.  The guide recommended ordering one size up if you were close in measurements, so I got an XL. It was very loose and baggy straight out of the box. Washing it may have helped shrink it some (as it did for another dress I purchased from this company with a similar fabric), but the belt was missing  from my dress. With the potential loose fit and no belt to help detract from the bagginess, it was not flattering. Overall, the dress itself was made well and the fabric was not thin or see through (sky blue). I really liked the idea of this dress, but with two strikes against it, I opted to return it. I am strongly considering ordering another in a smaller size and darker color. I don't believe it is a bad product, and I think with the right size/color/belt, it would be a lovely dress!Does not fit as well as other new balance athletic shoes.  I've been buying NB shoes for years mainly because of the consistent fit and great support. Finally giving up on the model after 4 months.  It does not support and my feet and back get very tied way too quickly.badly made, but the price was very low. it's supposed to be a one size fits all, but, if you are a 14, a bit skimpy!
love the color, but not the material.I bought this watch because I was looking for an inexpensive, white, casual watch.  The price seemed very reasonable for what I wanted.  However, within two months the face fell out and shattered while I was at work.  I kept the watch on thinking I would see if I could get the face replaced after work.  Before I knew it both of the hands had fallen out too (and could not be found).  It's now in the toy jewelry box for my 18 month old.  Do your self a favor a spend a bit more money.  You will have a watch that will last for more than a few weeks!I received the product last week so that I could have an easier time pumping at work. At first I was thrilled and it worked a dream. Last night, however, the top tore across the front which makes it useless.  Don't spend the money!It's to baggy on the thighs then too tight on legs not like the way you see in the pictureI was bummed it was such thin fabric and not form fitting, will need to return iti don't understand the sizes with S, C/D etc. I am a 9W what's the equivalent with the new sizes you have now. The shoes came all the way to South America so now I have to sell them so I get me a right fitting pair.Be advised that this is an outside the US seller and you will have to pay a lot to return it in case it didn't fit or you did not want the product. The return cost is YOUR expense.
This is exactly what happened to me!The "off the shoulder" part of the shirt was ok, but not quite like the photo. I usually wear size medium shirts and got an XL in this top...still too tight in the waist :(apparently the top is made for tweens.  I was busting out big time.  RETURNED.super cheap sock. not worth the cost. won't last, low quality.These would be really cute if the front strap was placed a bit farther down the shoe. As it is, it makes it uncomfortable since it squished all my toes together. Kudos to Amazon for a hassle free return.Don't like the material.I got a totally different pair of glasses!Very cute but one boob will not stay in the shirt. This shirt needs an adjustment to make it work.  I'm holding onto it to figure it out.They were an ugly shade of pink rather than light purple which is what they looked like in the pictureWhile the 1.5mm stone is a beautiful and perfect size for my nose, the stud that holds it in place is way too small.  I lost my first one last night while washing my face.  I'm so sad because I loved the look.  Glad they came in a two pack, but I will be looking to replace the lost one with a different company.Seemed like a quality bra. Got it half price of what it was listed at the time, an Amazon special offer. Just wore it yesterday the cups are slighly too big for me, could live with that BUT the side vertical supports (plastic bar?) under your arms dug into my rib cage near the bottom and by 3pm I couldn't wait to get it off. This is the second time I was fooled by a normally quality product, "on sale" at Amazon.I am REALLY disappointed with these. I've had a couple pairs of fleece zutano booties for my babies and adore them. I've always recommended them to friends. I bought this lighter cloth version for summer wear and they are terrible! They slide right off my baby's feet/legs. The feet are the right size, but the closure on the leg is much much too big. I was so excited about these for my newborn and they were one of the couple non-hand-me-down items I bought for her. I actually cried at the hospital when they didn't fit. A month later they are still much too large on her ankle/leg. She's been wearing one of our old fleece pairs instead. Now I feel like I should not recommend this version to my friends. :(

I will say that the company who fulfilled the order did give me a full refund for the booties, so I commend their customer service.  But I'm still sad that this cute pair didn't fit.They were an inch too big - never wore.Kudos to Dance4Less for replacing right away the pair of legwarmers that stretched out of useability within a week.  However, no product should become useless so quickly.
I bought two pairs - black & dark grey.  The dark grey turned out to be rather light grey -- but, hey, that's the risk of purchasing things online.  The black pair I wore - without first washing them - and each stretched badly.  One of the two would not stay up after the 4th wearing.
The replaced pair I washed/dried before wearing, and it seems to be working better.I really liked this product at first. It is a sturdy brown leather replacement strap.

After about a month the brown leather stain started to leach into some of my work clothes. It was almost as hard to get out as shoe polish.Was not impress with fabric as well.I hate this bag it so cheap looking and very cheaply made I really wish I hadn't bought it I will never use it the bag had no I'd of who made it no papers inside they must be ashamed to admit they had anything to do with it don't make the same mistake I did don't buy thisHad to give them to my daughter. Very disappointedTHEY SENT ME THE WRONG WATCH! I want this watch I love this watch and have looke for it forever.My newer 501's are odd. They too have different  size dimensions  to the jeans. The old 501s were all perfect and always fit correct.  Then i started  buying online the more colored ones...the newer ones, and some sizes were just off by a size. I don't understand  it..makes me upset. Its like  we need to continue  to look for the classic jeans because we know they are correct. Levi company  needs to start stepping up here and making things correct. Its pissin me offHorrible, child sized with shortttt legs and not made of any fabric I've ever seen before...J.Renee Women Zandra Pump hurt your feet like hell. Do not buy this shoe. It all wrong, they just look good. You can not walk in them at all.I bought one white shorts and it was amazing. I love it. So, i bought one more, the black one. I bought same size, same type... the black one was totally different. Much smaller. I checked the tag when it arrived and it was exactly the same... I thought to buy a bigger sizer, but it would be 10 dollars more. Unfourtunatelly, the size are not the same with different colors.Way toooo small. I'm a female with a very small head (I wear child sized bicycle helmets) and this hat is ridiculously small on me.Not as described, much too small for what was expected.Gloves arrived prompty, quality was nice - problem was the sizing is misleading.  I read a review that claimed the gloves were small, I ordered XL instead of L for that reason.  XL STILL was too snug for my husband's hand.  Definitely am sorry I ordered these.Run small and not impressed with only half the boot being leather - didn't notice that from the photo.I've only had these shoes for about a month and already the heal of the insole is breaking down.  I did not do any long hikes or all day on my feet stretches in that time.  I might be able to salvage them with a Dr. Schools insert or something like that.  Very unhappy with the quality and durability.You can tell this is not a licensed shirt. Pretty sure logo will start to peel after first washvery smallFor getting it as a big and tall 4x it was short. I am 6'3" and had to pull it down constantly.  Was a little disappointed.For the price you're paying, this product is not worth it! Cheap quality, poorly made, looks like it wouldn't last the minute water hit it. Definitely not a good investment. Also, runs super narrow. I barely got my foot past the ankle.Not sure what's going on over at Merrell, but it seems like they are starting to lack quality control big time.  I just got this shoe today and it's a horrible fit.  It is too big and the design has several flaws.  I've been ordering this shoe for the past 3 years and it's always a great shoe but something is wrong with this one.  Gonna go to REI and try out some others.to longI bought them for the side pieces of the glasses.  They kept falling off and would not stay on.  Is there a place to get replace side pieces?The velco closures no longer work after a few weeks of use.I feel the symptoms were sick and qualityAt least for me, the normal size I wear is simply too large on the sides. The may be more of a cut issue for me. I have narrow shoulders and need a little extra lift from the sides. This bra unfortunately just does nothing for me as far as support.The hat was child, no infant size. It was completely useless to me. It was made of very thin material, but, the real complaint is that is was not an adult size hat.
I am completely unsatisfied with the product.
Glynn SmithI bought it for my sister and it never made it ro my house. I waited for more than a month, and I just never got it!Terrible quality... the zipper isn't smooth and the whole suitcase is rather flimsy. This is my third Delsey suitcase and it's not the same quality as my other two.Make sure you order them one size larger!!! Had to return.I was disappointed when I got them.  I ordered one in black and one in nude.  I was expecting a soft smooth cup and instead, it was like a molded stiff cup, and not very comfortable. I kept them, because I wanted to try them out to see if I would get use to them.  Will not order this kind again.cheap. don't do it.The box and labels both say Men's, when online these are described as Women's. The length however is sized more like a women's, maybe only half size to 1 size difference rather than 2. Ex. A woman's 11 is a man's 9 typically, and so a true men's 11 would be huge but these are only a little too long. However the width is definitely men's sizing so unless you wear a women's wide these just aren't going to work for you even if you could work out the length. Going back.Brought from Fresh Cotton, bad copy, small star, Jerzees off color tshirtI returned itCheap. That's the best way to describe this belt; I can't believe I paid as much for it as I did. I would definitely not recommend this belt to anyone; it's simply not well made, and it's already starting to fall apart, and I've only had it for 2 months. Avoid!The dress looks nice in the picture, but cheap when I got in delivered. I felt for this price it would have been a better quality. In addition it was too big in the chest. I am a 36B and the large just did not work at all. The one good thing I can say is the return policy was beyond fantastic. I returned my merchandise and within a week had a refund, they even emailed me once the return was received, and when to expect my refund which I felt went above and beyond excellent customer service.Didn't expect polka dot pattern on the bow and inside. Didn't like it at all, very hard to match with outfits.As stated in other reviews, the back of the coat is just blue / no image at all.Nice fabric and style and shape. Definitely not true to size. I am a size 4 and I am not getting the medium which is for size 8 - 10.Well I would have given these shoes a 5 star review, we order 2 more after additional order. But, 3 weeks after receiving them, one pair of flip flops came off at the tong (toe) area and rendered the shoe unwearable and not fixable. Very disappointed. They had little wear before breaking. It's a same because these shoes were comfortable and cushy to wear compared to other flip flops.Hem had a meltdown and is uneven and curved in the front. Fits a tad smaller than the dress of the exact same size of another colour I got. Colour is much much brighter than it appears. Not fond of the sewing done on the v neck.Im Putting A One Star For Now Because Of How Long It Takes To Deliver . I Got This For School ( Wich Starts In 3 Weeks) Just To Find Out Is Wont Be In On Time. I Hope Its Worth It.Stitching across the toe rubbed my foot and hurt.  They were a good price but did not meet my expectations.  They went back.Cheap dress, really cute but the zipper completely ripped off in one wash (and I air dried). Wish I would have gotten to wear it out at least once but guess not.Sincerely not what I expected...lining is a type of plasti, but for the price is ok. Took too long to arrive after I placed iderThey are shorter than advertised. Returned them and then couldn't get the correct sizeThe gemstone is mounted upside down.Definitely smaller than I expected, does not fit loose at all.Didn't like the material once in the wash and it will lose its style.  Cheaply madeDefinitely agree with previous reviewer. Really nice fit, design and print, but they're definitely see through. Also keeping and wearing with longer top.It's cute but wares super fast. The bottom is completely rubbed off after a weekToo bulky and rubbed shoulders. The clip didn't  allow my garment to lay flat on my shoulders and the clip irritated my skin. Also I had a hard time adjusting the bra strap in the clip.  Disappointed.Cheap flip flops that are not worth anything over $4. Fell apart within a week and are just cheaply made. Alpine Swiss normally good quality so not sure if rip offs or just badly made.I was sent nothing like what you see in the picture! I got some cheap fake diamond hoop earrings with two of the 'diamonds' even missing!not worth it's price....i wore it four times and the color changed already. From it's gold color the first time i wore it, now, it's turning to white. It looks ugly coz the top side is gold but the lower part is silver or white, whatever...I ordered a wider size than normal and the sandals are still too narrow in the toe box area. I am returning them.I bought as a gift to wife.
She was very disappointed at the quality.
No sparkle at all. Don't buy or get what you paid for.T-shirt came way too smallIt seriously took me a day and a half to fit into these shoes. It was really tight on my feet. I had to blow dry it and expand the material at the same time for it to fit... took too much time.
If you're a size 7, I'd recommend getting a 7.5 instead.I was so excited to find flats that were stylish while performing a bit more like a tennis shoe. They looked perfect and were going to be great for wearing on the weekend with my skinny jeans, but they just don't fit right. I noticed that most people said they ran small, so I ordered a 1/2 size up. That was good advice... kind of. I could tell that my normal size would have been too small, but the 1/2 size up didn't fit quite right either. I have a narrow foot and the width was fine, but while they were loose around my heel they were oddly tight in the toe box (even though my toes were not at the very front of the shoe). I could tell that I would have a blister by the end of the day if I tried to make them work. My search continues.I received the wrong size.  Not what I ordered.  Great looking pants. Well made and I like the fabric.  Had to return as it was way to large.  Not sure if I will take a chance in re-ordering.Cheaply made. too expensive for the low quality of the dress and the fit was super wide in the hips and very hot. I tried it on and within mintues was very warm, I couldn't imagine wearing it out.super tight. couldn't even get a foot in. the strap across the shoe is just odd and doesn't seem to serve much purpose.I really liked this dress until I washed it. It bled all over everything. Including the white part of itself. PissedReturned. I bought my normal size in a wide width, and these were still far too small.i bought these for my girl friend they fit & looked great but when it came time to wash them they got a hole in them & they are ruined now. not happy about it & would like to see if you could fix the problem please...The stand arrived in a shipping bag the was inadequate for the display. It also arrived scratched and considering that it is supposed to free of defects, it was not. I did return this display stand.Came with the plastic things fallen off. Returned it. They looked nice thoughLooks great but didn't work out of box. No movement at all. Shame cause I really wanted to like this watch. Pretty obvious from this that they don't test their watches before sending them out.it was horribleThe medium fit okay in the waist, but the waist is so high its uncomfortable and the legs were too tight in the medium. Now the large fits nice in the legs, but again waist is too high and then baggy in the butt. I returned them and had to pay "stocking fee"I bought the small for my mother who wears a size six and she could not fit into them, I reordered te medium; one fit well, the other was still too small.I originally gave this 4 stars but had to come back and knock it down to 2 because the Velcro fell off of them the first day i wore them, I'm still debating on whether or not i should send them back or take them to the seamstress i know and see if she can easily repair them for me. Very cheaply made.

Original review:
I have very small hands so the finger sleeves cover pretty much all of my fingers, my pinky finger being completely covered. I love the look and feel of the gloves and luckily the long part of the glove at the bottom can be rolled up to your liking so that's a non issue.Is to big, not the size that l chooseLove the soft leather & all the compartments BUT after 1 week the zipper pull broke on one of the main pockets, now I can't close it all the way so I can use my finger to open/close it.I was pretty excited for these socks for my slip on shoes when I first wore them.  The fit was great and the adhesive in the back stayed on all day.  However, after a day of wearing these socks, I came home to find out that there are HOLES in both the big toe areas.  To be fair, I walked about 5 miles today, but these socks should haven't broke in the first day's wear.  I'm very disappointed and am now on the hunt for better slip on socks.The side zipper wouldn't zip all the way up for my size.  Also, it was too long in front so even in heels it'd be hard not to step on it.  It's pretty, but didn't fit right and wasn't practical.Thin and not good quality. This is no where near to wool. This is polyester blend mixed and pictured to make it look like its a wool coat. It is not made well. It is cute... But not good for anything but light weather.OkI bought these to stock up as I love these runners. the pink ones i received i feel are potentially a fake as they fit complete different than the pair I have at home. I went to try new ones at the site to compare and make sure there have not been any major sizing changes and it is just this shoe that is totally off. They are at least 1.5 size smaller than the 9.5's i have always worn. the toe box is hard plastic and they are not like all the other ones i have bought. Unfortunately I bought a bunch to stock up and so am too late to return even though i just put them on yesterday. Beware. Not a legit new balance shoe i don't think.I ordered this is my usual size and it was skin tight, so I reordered in 2 sizes up, and it's still too tight. No way the sizing is correct on these. They are cute though, and the material is soft.Way to much stretch to this.  After just a couple of washings its falling apart.  sorry do not recommend.I love the shoes. They're very cute, and comfortable. Unfortunately the stones loosened after wearing them three times and like others, I jingled when I walked. Then I looked down and saw one of the stones were gone, not to be found. Not happy. Now I can't wear the shoes at all.I bought these for my 7.5 year old (size 2) because of the great reviews and after 2 or 3 games, two of the cleats on the bottom by the heel completely came off and so now I have to buy new cleats after only such a short time. These shoes are not made well. :(These people are very dishonest, totally different dress from what was displayedThe rope at the front does not look good. Looks cheapYou get what you pay for. It broke three weeks after purchasing.smallLike the other reviewers, the item I received does not look like the photo in the listing. It is one strand with multiple colored pearls.  It isn't horrible, but it is not what I wanted and not worth price (even the deal of the day price). Will be returning this necklace.I loved the way this shirt looked online so I ordered 3 in different colors for an upcoming cruise. I recieved the shirts a few weeks before the trip and didn't open them right away.  I decided to open them a couple of days before we left and was highly disappointed to see the quality of the shirts. The material is very thin and poorly put together! The worst part was that ALL 3 shirts had little holes in them. The material was a poor quality. Unfortunately by the time I got around to opening the packages, it was past the Amazon return deadline so I'm stuck with 3 damaged shirts. I might be a little more understanding if it was one of the shirts but it was all 3! Highly disappointed and I won't be ordering from this company again.small and zipper HURTSI purchased these work shoes because I love the KEEN closed toe sandals, I've had about 6 pairs, they last forever and they are extremely comfortable, I actually wear them everyday when I am not working.  I figured since the sandals are so great, maybe their work shoe is just as great.  Unfortunately not the case.  After about 6 weeks of wearing them Monday-Friday, they are starting to come apart at the top of the shoe near the inside ankle, this is happening on both shoes (see attached pictures).  After inspecting the shoes, I put them on to see if maybe I am rubbing them together unconsciously.  Not possible because if I touch the shoes together where it's coming apart, it feels awkward and I would probably know if I was doing it during the day.  I will say that they are comfortable and they look awesome, but for the price it is not worth it, they look like they may only last a couple of months. I usually buy Carolina work shoes and they last about a year or so and they are half the price.  KEEN, I want to love you, but you can't handle being a work shoe.  I will give you two stars since they are comfortable and fit good and look good.Very bad quality..They are a cheap stretchy fabric with sequins. They were small on our average sized 2 year old. Not the quality I expected. They're soft soled like slippers, so they really aren't good for lots of walking outside.The logo was not distressed as described and it was off center. Cheap.My granddaughters loved it. A perfect first purse.Too small, did not fit at all.I regret ordering it during the lightning deal now. It actually sells for 15.99 as Macy's before you apply any additional Macy coupons. I felt robbed.Irritating as I am in Canada. Amazon service is supplying a refund though it will take a couple weeks. Watch was a little on the heavy side and because of the obvious workmanship flaws, I went with a refund. At this point I would not recommend Invicta products. One addition issue is I just received my refund from Amazon and am out for import and some shipping fees to the tune of $35.11. Oh well, live and learn!Don't really think these are genuine.  The material is very light weight and does not have the feel of the 501's we're use to.  The fit is large and baggy at the back.  Disappointed....The color and texture and overall quality of this ring was lower than I expected. I was expecting more of an olive tone as advertised and it's more of a bluish-green, also with less ridges. I also was unaware that this ring is made of reconstituted turquoise which is made of pulverized turquiose powder mixed with resin and plastic and dyes. Obviously I shoulld ha e paid more for a ring if I wanted a nicer quality, but this didn't seem worth $20.Actually, the fit is weird. Not sure if it's too small, or too big. They ride up my bottom. OK, the truth is I don't like them, & won't buy them again.Until I find a way to neutralize the noxious odor coming from the plastic, I cannot even wear the glasses.  The odor is strong enough to stink up the inside of my vehicle.  Definitely cannot recommend the glasses until this problem is resolved.The extra large was an extra smallvery thin material! and very short!they look much better in the photo than they do in person.  unfortunately, they look like shoes my nana would wear, which is not a good fit for my style :(My strap broke right away and I didn't even have the purse full.  I could tell the strap was cheap from the beginning.  I adjusted it to where I wanted it but the strap adjustment slips often.  I would return this if I kept the package.Not as good of quality for the price. The ones in the store seem to be more substantial. Would not  recommend this. Also looked as if it were used had scratches on it.Cute but not durable, the clipper broke very easilyThis top has an awkward fit. It's really loose around the neckline. In conclusion, it's not very flattering but the material is very soft.These came in and they were not the color that is advertised. A lot darker brown than I expected. The fit is a little small so if you order a pair get at least half a size up than what you usually wear. The color on mine are already coming off and I haven't worn them very much. I wouldn't order them again but that's just me.I'm extremely disappointed and I would never purchase this item neither from this seller ever again. It's a rip off. Nothing like the picture. I figured this dress would probably fit me, since I'm somewhat small. Here are the pictures so you can have an idea. It fits my 6 year old and she is standing next to her grandmother who is 5'1 tall.  My daughter is approximately 3'9 tall and weighs 54 lbs. Besides I have to sew and fix it because it came with many imperfections. Too much of a hassle to return it, so I would probably try wearing it like a shirt. But this cheap dress is not worth your money. Material completely see through. The only good thing was quick delivery. Besides this, nothing good to say.the fit was nice, but the front has some pleat things that are hideous, you can't see them in the picture, but they are very uneven and just look bad. the only reason i kept this dress was because i needed it for a special occasion and it was too late to try to find a different one.Size was correct but shoes were very uncomfortable.Too smallI ordered these shoes for my daughter who is on her feet all day. I thought they would be comfortable. Well, I don't know about the comfort, but as soon as I opened the box I knew I'd be returning them. The shoe was not as it appeared on line. The toe is patent leather and the rest of the shoe is sparkly. Not appropriate office attire.
I was very disappointed that the description of the shoes did not reflect the actual appearance. Needless to say, I returned them immediately.The one size was too large for me....I did not bother to return it.  I am 5' 2" at 155 pounds and it was extremely big on me

I sold it to my pregnant friend who is 5' 7" feet and weighing about 213 pounds and it fit her great!The material of this bra was scratchy and uncomfortable. It did seem to provide good support but I would not want to wear it for very long. I am returning it.Although these leggings were very cute,  they were definiately very, very small.  They would not fit anyone over a size 6.the crystals are breaking apart, very cheap looking
I don't think they r crystals, would like a refund to my account.
I bought 2 at the time, the other one is the same,thought it was wood.Horrible weird shaped Frankenstein of a jacket.I am not very happy with this purse. I haven't even had a week and the zipper is already trying to break. The color was not what I was expecting from the picture. I do not recommend this purse.The bear is tiny. Maybe 3/4" long x3/8" tall. Picture not representative.THIS SHOE IS BEAUTIFUL! That is the pro of this review! However..I have purchased this shoe TWICE. The first time, I purchased it while on vacation, flew back across the country and a week later the gold plating came off around the ankle. I called the store back East and asked them to send me a replacement pair. They were unable to do so because they did not have the shoe in my size anymore, BUT I LOVED the shoe so much, I decided to just purchase another pair off line. Well, a month and a half later, I'm sitting in church, and look down to see that the gold plating (which I know now is actually PLASTIC) near the toes has detached. Needless to say I am annoyed, AND apparently I cannot return the shoe now. Really Dillards?!? Really?Looks so cute but the out line of the flower is a green instead of a black or greyMaybe I received a dud, I don't know.  I've read many positive reviews, but the one that I got wasn't that great.  I had to perform a few factory resets along the way because the watch was not performing properly.  Included instructions for the watch did not go in to ANY details on how to work the watch.  When I took it to the gym and tried to use the functions for exercising I found that you must have the phone with you to measure heart beat and couldn't use it to use the cycling feature without the phone.  My thoughts were that if you wanted to use it at the gym it would relieve you of the need to carry your phone with you.  Music playback via Bluetooth was good, but I had to go to BestBuy to figure out how to play music by folders.  Seems that the default is to play songs in alphabetical order, which isn't good if you download albums.  The Samsung rep at BestBuy couldn't figure it out at first, but finally found how to do so.  I used it for measuring sleep and made sure that the blocking mode was turned on so that I wouldn't be disturbed in the middle of the night with notifications.  The watch would beep during various times throughout the night.  Checked to make sure that it wasn't a low battery notification, but it wasn't.  People calling me on my phone could not hear me and I could not hear them when using the watch.  I was in my living room, so there wasn't any noise like wind that could effect the call quality and the phone was within 15 feet of where I was.

All in all, it was a negative experience for me and I ended sending the watch back.  I enjoy tech items, but this item was no good for me.  Again, maybe the one I received was a dud.  When I tried to return it, and exchange was not an available option; only a return, which I didn't like as I would have liked to have tried another in case this was defective.left foot is a great fit,right foot is a little largeThe Size is not as stated. Big & Tall .  This shirt is more Normal size.
As I also ordered the Carhartt Men's Big & Tall and those are great in the Size.Love the durability. Crystal is good.
My biggest gripe about the watch is that the altitude is constantly changing. Very inaccurate. Set the altitude, walk in a building or anywhere for a bit and come back to the same spot and the altitude could change 40-110 feet off from where it was before. Barometer is OK. But the altitude is garbage.
If it doesn't pick up the radio signal at least every few days, the time will be off 10 seconds in a week.This dress is not meant for plus size women. Unless ur one of those women of the larger size that don't have a gut or rolls. Very clingy material and very flattering in trouble areas. If ur going to buy this dress please get a size large then you think you need maybe it will help with this issue. Other then that it is a cute dress ill just never be able to wear itThe fabric is thin and has a very rough texture. Not recommended.I had high hopes for this great looking jacket but they were not realized. The material is cheap. The coat weighs a lot. And it's cut poorly. I returned it. A case of the price being too good to be for a good product on this one.Looks worn after one wash and feels small on top of the head.sizing chart provided for you was not faithful to the size of the piece. I was disappointed .Bought these for my wife from another vendor.  She really liked them and was excited to wear them, but they were too small when she tried them on.  I'd recommend ordering a size bigger than normal.I expect to receive the product, but when he arrived I was surprised from the really low quality.
The product is not worth the price in my opinion, and I'm kind of sorry that I purchased it.Once on, this suit fits well enough but it's a struggle to GET it on.  If I needed to use a restroom in a hurry, I'd be in trouble.  The fabric is very thin.Fits as expected and it's a nice softer, thinner cotton rather than that thick scratchy cotton. The picture on the front is bold and true to size my only complaint is the lettering that says The Doors the S is barely visible. I'm afraid the more it gets washed, the letter, it's going to disappear.
Update, I washed it once and now that S is barely visible. It looks like it just says The Door now. Disappointing.The colors are washed out and with little definition to the images. I will not buy from this vendor againMy watch came broke.Waist was too bigCrappyThe boot definitely fit which is huge to me since I have HUGE calves, however I was dissappointed in the quality of the shoe overall.Definitely  NOT as advertised.  This bottle is tiny!  And there is nothing blue about it.  There's  white powder in it.  Don't  buy it!!!I purchased these for work.  Unfortunately, they were a little too big and the material was pretty heavy.  I ended up having to return them.  I wouldn't recommend buying from this seller because If you don't like the shirt for whatever reason (style, fit, etc.) you will have to pay your own shipping costs to return it.  Had I know that I would not have purchased from this seller or Amazon.'Men's Flak Jacket".....These are kids glasses, NOT mens!...Very disappointed!  Gave them to my 11 year old son.These were really uncomfortable. Sent them right back.Not long enoughThis dress came unhemmed. Very unhappy.My daughter did not like it at all. Very scratchy is what she said. This is the only princess dress I had to returnvery nice pattern, but the pants are huge, and they have the time elastic waist the is very unflattering.  Plus the waist comes all the up to my neck.JUNKThe sandal was a true size 10, but the V-shape sandal part was too wide.  The allowed my foot to side along.Cute when not wearing... straps aren't placed or made well? Not sure, but it was hard to get my feet in them properly. I had ordered my normal shoe size. Returned immediately..I ordered an XL.  It does not fit  I'm a 38 DD  the cups are way too small.
the material also is not the best.Very cheap watchband. Broke in 2 days.These earrings are absolutely gorgeous but simply too heavy. Because they were so gorgeous and I have had my ears pierced for over 40 years, I decided to try them anyway. Within two hours I realize my left ear was bleeding and my right ear was extremely irritated. If these were, maybe 1 to 1 1/4 inch instead of 2 inches, they might work. They're so beautiful, I'd be willing to give it a try if they had them in a smaller size but can't recommend them as a 2 inch hoop.I walked a few miles in these... BIG mistake.  Huge blisters on the back of my heels.I waited for these slacks for work because I have to dress up every day and I swear I read that they were long enough. OH NO if you are over 5' 8" forget it, I looked like I was waiting for 2 floods. like 4 inches to short!Cute.. but they start to leave a mark on baby's head. And my daughter is only 2 1/2 months oldWay too small ordered an 2xl to have big fit, ended up giving away the shirt. I wear an XL and ordered a 2XL and it still didn't fit.So bummed!  Followed the size chart and bought an XL for my sister for Christmas.  It fits more like a small or medium.  I'm not sure how they determined the dimensions for the chart but they are way off.  Shipping was way more than I would normally pay for 1 item.  Not sure what to do now with a shirt 2 sizes too small and no Christmas gift.  Not happy.One of the buttons came off of the left shoe. Can i send them back?its skinny not slim.....Even though this is a straight fit, the stitching on the inside does not align well. It keeps moving to the front of my leg. The zip space is too small and I have to unbutton whenever nature calls. It does not happen with any of my Levis and my other CK (Boot cut). I would not recommend this one. Did not expect something like this from CK.Cheap China Dup...don't waste your time or you will be shipping it back to China like I am. You were warned.Even with these lenses in, I still get a lot of glare.Horrible quality, not structured enough to stay up around your chest if you have anything larger than an A cup.This swimsuit was way too small.  I think if I had a larger size I would like it.  I even used the size chart to make sure that I would get the right size for me but it did not seem to help.  I ordered another swimsuit at the same time and that one fit perfectly.  Sizing varies from manufacturers, but I thought that the company would use a sizing chart to show the buyer what would work for them.It shreds and made a mess all over the place.  I can't believe how cheap the material is considering how much it cost.Came in a destroyed Birkenstock box, leather straps covered in glue, the front strap was peeling off with the slightest tug. The leather straps were also covered in a fuzzy fabric material and not genuine leather. The engrained Birkenstock label on each shoe were in different areas (one was towards the top inside of the shoe, the other was towards the bottom of the inside.) Do not buy these- they are fake. I will be returning for a refund.Meh - Not worth it.  Returned it because of the mediocre quality.The latch keeps when Im walking or sitting down Latch keeps coming undone the belt keeps looseningI ordered three pair of these in the correct size but every shoe felt hard and uncomfortable. My feet and toes are neither fat nor pudgy, yet after wearing a shoe for several hours I removed it and found a pronounced curved red indention along the top of the foot despite being mostly seated at a computer while wearing it. Doubtful that I can break in these skimmers without sacrificing my feet, I've decided to return them promptly. The three pair I ordered (natural animal print, silver/white, and gold/brown) were Gold Box deals, but at a young age I learned that an uncomfortable shoe is not worth any discounted price.The sneakers appear to be Gray in the picture but wre actually BLACK!!! I didn't even try them on. I returned them because I wanted gray not black.it scratched rather easilyThese were my second attempt at Simple after the first pair were mary janes that did not fit over my foot.  I ordered these in a 7.5 which is usually just right on one foot but a tad small on the other foot.

They are HUGE and slip off my feet constantly.  Plus they seem to be a bit wide also.  I would recommend that you order at least a half size down to be safe.  Even if they fit ok at first, they stretch out a bit afterwards.

Also, they are loud and clunky when walking.  I wear them to work and when I walk down the hall it sounds like I am wearing heels or boots or something, however, they are CUTE!Leather seemed good but had a very strange smell also was sticky all over. Very small would only be able to handle one laptop.The foot part fit fine, but I have a high instep and could not zip the boot once I got it on.The orange color arrived with black trim around the face and a neon hue. Very disappointed.
It fits well and is soft and comfortable.Ok, but the velcro on the  feet kept coming undone and my son was tripping.  Ok for the price though.Very cheap materialThese pants ripped the second day I wore them. I admit, they were tight. But no tighter than any other pair I own.

They ripped along the line of my phone in the front pocket.Product has a horrible smell even after washing
I need to send it back
Please give me instructionsProduct shown has no chest pocket. Product I received has a chest pocket.I tried this particular bra twice, in two different sizes and although I love the color (the sailor blue) and the makeup of the straps, the cup is just too pointy and does not seem to contour correctly.  This is the only bra that I have experienced this "overage" with.  I went down a cup size and it did not make a difference ... I just could not get this bra to fit me.

I've tried several washes (even drying on hot) to see if a little shrinkage would help.  No go.  What I am left with is a relatively comfortable bra around the back and shoulders with a cup that has too much fabric in the front and is too pointy for me.  Usually not a problem.  Unfortunately, this bra has been relegated to the bottom of my drawer and is only used under multiple layers where any kind of wrinkles or gathered material won't be visible.  I'm glad I only paid around $10 for it.

Two tries though and it still didn't work for me.Not as good as I expectedFits good & comfortable but poor quality sole. Sole worn out pretty quick but the top still pristineThe fabric is just what I wanted, but the fit is way tight.  Tighter than the other two shirts I ordered of the same thing and same size.  I returned it!So I am 5'3'', typically wearing a small-medium (I am by no means a large person).  Even so, these leggings hit just above my ankles and are quite tight.  While the material is soft and very pretty, the scale pattern on them is upside down.  I was not at all satisfied with my purchase.

Edit: While the leggings didn't work out, the customer service representative was very courteous and gave me a full refund once I asked.the straps are to skinnyeh.  Much brighter red than pictures and has a weird fit.Very cheap!The black has already rubbed off.Looks and feels cheap just like the priceReturning asapI thought these pants were great .....
But after 3 washes , the waistband does not hold up pants , but too late to return after 45 days.
Return policy on cloths should be much longer like LLBean. This stinks !!!Not a comfortable boots, the color of laces are different from the picture that makes it look cheap. Wore it for a week hoping it would soften up and hurt less, but still very firm and dry. And the problem is not the size exactly because toes have room in front and boots fit a little loose but it hurts on top of the toes. Not recommended at all.Too large not at all what I expectedInstructions for how one should determine the size to order are available from the company. I followed these and the coat fit exactly as I had expected. My arms are short for the rest of my body, I have sleeves shortened on every sport coat and suit I own, this is no exception. Leather is thinner than I expected, have never seen a leather coat this thin and the coat had a ton of wrinkles, never seen in any of my leather coats. I applied heavy coats of Mink oil to entire coat and they are being worked out. Will not be wearing this coat for dress, maybe not at all.These are small and uncomfortable, I will be sending them back.  I'm not sure how the other reviewers found them to be a good fit.  My feet are the same size as others and mine are narrow.  I was disappointed.Couldn't wear this outside because the stripe on the front was crooked and it looked absolutely horrible. I understand its cheap but come on.....I am returning this for two reasons:
1. I needed a replacement for my wool coat, which is too big after weight loss. This coat is not, as advertised, wool or woolen. It is like polyester blazer material. This will not work for the early winter months in Buffalo, NY.
2. The other reviewers said that this coat was really really small, so I ordered two sizes larger than I thought I would need. It looked ridiculous.
Overall, this is a nice and cute JACKET, but it is not going to keep you very warm once the weather dips below 35 degrees.I need to return this item. It does not meet with my expectations. It said to order a size bigger and that did not help at all. It is still
too large. It also says that you have to wash it in cold water and then let air dry. It did not say that on the explanation of this product.
I am very disappointed. How do I return this shirt?Socks are very very thin and not good quality. Fun for novelty, but don't expect them to last very long. Not ideal for children.Cheaply printed on cheap material. The ink is all smudged in places. This shirt is a rip off. It's not even a real T-Shirt. Idk if everyone that put 5 stars got what they expected but I sure as hell didn't. ITS A SCAM.Too flimsy, cheap quality.While wearing this I got so itchy I couldn't handle wearing it. And when I took it off I had red spots. The seller told me to wear it with a shirt under and I did but it was still the same.I really like the color but I get a small on all my scrubs but these are WAY too big.Disappointed!  Scale was listed as new but item package was open and re-taped.. missing batteries that are supposed to be included as listed on package!!I have bought one or two shirts every year for my husband. We both loved them, but I won't buy them anymore.

I always got him XL, and they always fit great (and felt and looked super). This one shirt barely went around him and could not even be buttoned. The second one, in a different color, fit perfectly. I wrote and told them the one had been mismarked and would like to exchange it for one that was the proper size. Since they said they had no others, I could only get a refund. However, they wanted ME to PAY to return the shirt. I did, but their greedy rule cost them a longtime customer. When I told Amazon what happened, Amazon paid me back. Hooray for them, but that did not save Luxury Lane.eh, not sure what to expect for $12, but I definitely wouldn't of bought them if I tried them on first. Sending them back.Must be a very short model. Got the sweater for my daughter and it was too short. Not at all how It is pictured.Not at all a good fit. Was not a wide shoe.These boots are a complete joke.  There is no strap to loosen the top making it impossible to get a foot into the bottom of the boot.  Moreover the liner is incredibly tight making it even harder to fit the foot.  Runs two sizes to small.  I doubt an adult could get into this model of boot, much less a figety infant or toddler.  Getting in to a ski boot is a cup of tea compare to these.  Don't waste your money on theseGot this  right away and that was great! But the problem was that I got them 2 size smaller! I sent it back!length was all wrongSized wrong. I ordered XL. I wear a size 12. I gave it to my daughter who wears a XS or 00.bought 2 pairs of white Asics (I always buy 2 pairs). after a few weeks the 1st one turned yellowish. I wrote to the people that sold it to me and they asked me: do you do any activity outdoors? Duh! I live in Miami and they are tennis shoes. They replied that they never heard of the problem. I sent them pictures. Not even an answer. I love Asics but i would stay far from those, and do not buy from DWonline. Bad, bad customer service.I was not happy with this product at all. It was not recieved as discribed on the site. Don't buy this one for you child he will not be happy.  The belt does not stay on and it was way to big the material is no better than the cheaper one for 20 bucks.

Thanksthin fabricOver flap is way too long which makes the buckle practically useless.Skirt is a little big on me. Tons of loose threads. Obviously poor quality and cheaply made. The top is a halter top that is quite low cut. Doesn't work well on a small chested girl like me. Overall, a big waste of money.These shoes are the only Birkenstock shoes I've ever had that I simply could not wear.  Way too uncomfortable and impossible to "break in".I received the item in a timely manner, but was a bit surprised at how cheaply made it is. Not sure where to start, so I'll just say that the whole watch is very cheaply made. It's also a very small sized watch, more like a women's size. The straps are definitely something to replace right away as they barely fit around my wrist and the buckles are made out of a cheap plastic.

If you looking to buy this as a gift for a child, it's a little pricey, but would look good. If you're looking to buy this for wearing daily or as an outdoor watch (wouldn't take this camping whatsoever), I suggest passing and paying the higher price for a bit more quality...

I do not recommend this purchase and this product definitely fits the saying that you get what you pay for...

IMO.I ordered an XS! It was waaaaaay tooo wide and big. I do not recommend it if you are petite!! I purchased two and sadly had to return it.Size ran small had to send backIt's been sitting in the closet for about a year. I took it out to use it today and guess what, all the metallic coloring on it is eroding. I don't live in a humid place. Nothing else in my closet that has similar material loses its color. Clearly this is made of some cheap paint or something. It looks so old now but  it's only about a year old. Goes in the trash can...zipper is broken and product is not eligible for return for some reasonI ordered XXL and it's more like a U.S. Medium. States "100% Cashmere" but it feels more like acrylic. Don't waste your $! I will be returning.so frustrated at first try!! Much much later, I found out that Clarks has one size smaller than other makers. It made me so mad. I had no choice to make a second order of my ordinary size.These shoes are different from the same model I bought before. Not as soft, don't breathe as well, and are less slip resistant. I still have the older pair at work and I've given it 2 weeks to see if they had to be broken in. I think they might be bootleg or skechers may have used a different factory from the run I bought. They look very much the same and even wear out easily at the toe just like the other pair, but o feel a marked difference when I put on the old pair, this new set is crap.The design is great and my daughter loves it. However when we got it one of the straps was already broken and the fabric from the bottom was coming undone already.The pockets for credit cards are so small that credit cards barely fit in them, and it always requires a significant effort from me to put any credit card in there and to pull it out. Can't use it like that at all.Poor qualityWay too tight. Won't stay up, they instantly roll on themselves.Comes in size much larger than expected. Definitely not for professional world.completely different from the picture. the hair is way longer and the face is red not worth the money. wish I could return it but its simply not worth the shipping and restocking fee. I used it as a decoration for Halloween and hung it outsideThree years ago I purchased these same shoes from a retail store and they fit great, were extremely durable, and comfortable. Fast forward three years and those same shoes are starting to wear out in the soles and rather than pay $90 to get new soles and heels I figure why not just buy a whole new pair for $10 more. I buy the same brand, color, and style here and within wearing twice the soles of both shoes have major cracks. I request a replacement thinking I just got unlucky. I then proceed to wear the replacements and the same exact thing happens but this time after only one day.They were delivered on time unfortunately they do not stay on ear correctly and did not feel comfortableNOT WATERPROOF!!!! This will get you a few blocks, I'm sure. But it is not waterproof or water resistant as advertised. I was walking in a mere drizzle and the moisture just soaked right through the material onto my suit and hat. Not recommended.Is hollow in back.To large for the sizeIt fit perfectly everywhere except the arm length is too short. The ends of the sleeves are also huge. It seems like it gets bigger along the sleeves. Very strange fit. I already donated it to GoodwillThis is a Rothco poncho. It wasn't mentioned at all in the description. Not happy about that since I was trying to avoid Rothco specifically. Also, it is not waterproof at all. Water goes right through the fabric.I thought that based on the well known brand name, style, rubber sole, flat heel, these shoes would be heaven, after getting used to them. They turned out to be HELL! I have them for months, and they haven't improved a bit over time. I've needed bandages here and there when I've worn them. Werent cheap either. I've given up. Not worth it.

Never again GEOX!The ink was smearedSent me a black headband with a knot instead of a bow!I'm really like the print, but the zipper keeps getting stuck and the length is much longer than pictured (I'm 5'9). So I will probably get the skirt tailored before I wear it.Looks cheapI'm sure it's a fine watch, but we never took it out of the box. Opening the lid revealed that it was huge, bigger than even my adult-sized watch.WAYYY TO SMALLI hope someone inspects this product for quality. What we have received is totally out of size. We wonder if the item shipped was from women's category as opposed to junior size. My daughter burst out in laughter upon opening the packet!!the boots are very comfortable and warm until the snow started to melt and I was getting water in the boots so I was very disappointedLooks good, but the hands are virtually invisible against the same color face. I regret buying it.Is way too small , more like a bracelet , very disappointedI suffer from heel pain and I normally wear Sole Sport Flips, I ordered these to try another flip flop. They run very narrow, the super textured footbed and attachment of the straps right on the footbed (rather than between the bed and sole?) and thick strangely folded thong between the toes made these extremely uncomfortable. For the price I was a bit shocked at the quality. They went back.Fit ok but Cut low on the hips and had a thick seam on the front.  Will send back.this is more like a stocking or pantyhose than a legging.These stockings were too tight and not what I thought - perhaps for another person.  They were too tight around the calf.They are a little loose on my foot and tends to move off my heal a lotLooks fakeDoesn't so much "spin" as grind grudgingly. Way less attractive than the picture.My daughter wore these and they ripped with in hours. She is a very small size 0 petite so no extra stretching was involvedI received a horrible knock off. There was no tag & it was discolored from what looked like being in hung in the sun. It's the color of old yellows wool. The stitching on this coat was ridiculous as well. The loose stitches were unraveling at every seem.I had to give it to my sister. It didn't fit meNice looking shoe on, but tight around the instep.  Wanted to wear them NYE, but afraid I won't get to midnight in them, will be returning.The chain for the necklace was a chain like a bead keychain. and the cat head was larger than expected.
I guess I didn't see that listed in the description.I purchased this for a wedding I attended recently.  I was wearing a dress and I wanted to minimize my muffin top.  Initially, this fit fine under my dress, but as the evening wore on, the bottom of the flexees began to roll up.  Before I knew it, it was bunched up under my bra area and made me look fatter than ever before!  I was wearing a belt around my waist and couldn't get it to go back into place at the wedding dinner.  If this thing stayed in place I would really love it, as it made me feel much skinnier and wasn't uncomfortable to wear.

I think if you wear this with jeans you might have a different experience.  Maybe wearing jeans would help prevent it from rolling up.  Wish I could return it, but I've already worn it the one and only time.sharp endings...I ordered 36-32. I got 40-36. I already took the tags off and wash them before I realize they were way too big can I still return.Did not look good on me. Item was made smaller than I thought and even with a size larger it was too small.Ridiculously cheap fabric. Don't think it would survive being washed, certainly not being worn by an actual child. Also way too small for the stated size. No way this would fit a 2 year old. Total waste.Did not provide support as a sports bra should... at all. I have regular bras that do a better job .Returned it.Sorry I did not like it. Looks like a pijama. Really horrible.its not what I expected.
Personally I did not recomended it.I just don't want my feet hanging off the sides. This flip flip is for someone with a slender foot.I wasent happy with this shoe thes ones were ugly an looked like they were used.. the top an sides were a greenis tennisball material I was pist when i got them.. Don't wast your moneyCheap material, and both pieces were too big. Unusable for my purposes.so i purchased this back on November 10, it is not December 14 and i have still not gotten this product. Considering its no longer the 1700's, more than a month to get a necklace seems just a little weird to me. Unless they sent it by pony express or put it on a Spanish galleon that takes 6 months to cross the ocean i don't understand what the issue is.Decent starter boots but they make your feet feel like they will fall off.I really liked this ring and a friend of mine has a simular one in silver. This ring however is very bulky and uncomfortable to wear. I ordered a big enough size to wear on my index finger, but quite honestly I don't wear it too often.Stay away from this shoe and the company that sells it!!!! This is a very bad quality shoe. A terrible fit. Stretched out completely shortly after wearing and becomes completely unfit to wear; the feet slides out and you have to drag the feel in it not to loose the shoe while wearing . Even worse, the company charges $10 shipping and then asks to pay shipping to return this bad quality unfit shoe and unwilling to take responsibility or provide a refund only to force me as a result me to file a complain with Amazon. This was a terrible experience and I wish I could block Fashion Thirsty from showing on my Amazon search engine so I'll never make the mistake and purchase anything again from Fashion Thirsty!smell bad do not  buy!I ordered two sizes and both came too small. I reordered another brand in the same size and fit fine. Overpriced as well. I was glad to find a better deal for similar quality elsewhere. Very nice shoes, very comfortable and cute, but not worth the money.Shoes seem are quite a bit larger than my usual athletic shoes - order at least a half-dozen smaller....These earrings are very beautiful, but too small for an adult--they are child-size.  I returned them for this reason.  (Amazon:  you should consider posting an actual-size photo for all jewelry.)way too small, I bought XX hoping to have a nice body forming  shirt but my shoulders and arms were unable to fit in the shirt at least with any comfort. I gave the shirts to my 15 year old who is 135lbs and although it was a little long it fit him well in the shoulders ( he normally wears mens medium shirts.I've been buying this type of product for decades and these are certainly NOT the size advertised. They are only a(smallish 1 cup size,NOT a 1 &1/2 - 2 cup size like they were advertised to be. They are also too lightweight. They feel real but are just not what they were advertised to be. I'm very, very disappointed with this purchase.To small for my husband. He wound up ripping out the crotch area.to big for me and i have big hipsSuper cute and delicate. Shipped fast.
But the silver plating has already chipped off.
Probably sending back :(Is it a real crazy horse leather? smell strong!I love this shirt and bought it for a special occasion. I ordered a large and it fit great, but then I washed it and it became a small/medium. Now I can't wear it. I'm debating on ordering an XL.OW BLISTERSVERY cheap qualityThis is OK... Clasp is a bear to do and undo.  For the money a better clasp should be the case.  I don't find the beads to have a glass consistency.  The are dull.  Almost like plastic.  I will give it to someone as a gift.

I don't like it...probably never will wear it and should have sent it back.First of all, I must disclose that I have not yet purchased this bag. I wanted a smaller cross-body bag that would accommodate my i-pad, mostly for traveling.  I like the bags dimensions and overall appearance, but the colors seem muddy and the patterns seem dated. I know colors look different on different monitors, my tablet screen usually shows colors quite true. I was looking for a nice, crisp graphic with a modern, contemporary pattern. Most of these just seem dowdy to me.I ordered 7 of these in different styles. 5 out of the 7 were Meh. There wasn't anything damaged, etc on those. They were all just so poor quality (especially the lighter colored rompers), that after one wash they became horribly discolored and I needed a razor to get all of the fuzz balls off. The 2 rompers of the 7 I ordered in question had serious quality issues. One romper, the shorts were sewn on backwards to where the front pockets/front logo were on my daughter's back side. The other romper was horribly sewn. With undone edges on one leg and torn seams on the other. On top of decorative colored thread they used to make designs with were crooked. At face value the rompers are cute. I would only recommend wearing if your child plans on wearing them once, maybe twice if you want to push the limit. Quality control seems to be lacking something awful as well. Please do not make the mistake in thinking you are spending a small amount to get something grand and quality, because I can assure you you won't be. I have bought better quality clothing from a grocery store for my children to wear during art time. I guess they can use the rompers the next time they want to finger paint and I don't want them to worry about ruining their good clothes or their play clothes.I really was shocked to see how bad quality finishing this product was. Although its sold as an original which its definitely not. To make it simple> low cost cheap knockoff.I have owned this product for 16 months and now the winder is now intermittent and fails nearly every day. Not even sure I can send the unit back to be repaired.Very uncomfortable, the wire stabbed me from wearing it all day rubbing my skin raw. Also makes funny noise. And my breasts eventually spill out of the top. Badly designed braRidiculously small. Would probably fit and 8-10 year old girl.Ive ordered several CowCow dresses in the past and have always had good luck but this one missed the mark. It fit much more tightly than expected and was altogether unflattering. The fabric felt very hot and slightly itchy. I would have love to have returned it but I missed the return window. Would not recommend for plus size women!Horrible shoe! Absolutely no support anywhere. I wear an 8 and normally buy a 8 1/2 because I have a wide foot. I could have ordered Sz 7--71/2.  (That is how big these are! The only good thing is that it is a very cute shoe. Can't wear them at all!The pieces are crudely made and one fell apart the first time I wore it. I know they're inexpensive, but that doesn't excuse workmanship so poor. I also found them not exactly what I wanted: to hold neck scarves, so small, some heavier and larger. These are just too clunky for light scarves. They looked like a good deal but my recommendation would be to look further.I had to return my husbands socks, $9.99 for one pair of socks is too much. I found the same brand at Wal-Mart for 3 pairs of socks for $6.99 a much better buy.It's a decent watch as watches go, but the description is for a boys/girls watch. However, it is huge and even looks big my husband who is 6 ft tall  & 200#. It is NOT a child's size watch. It is made for a large man's wrist.It is a lovely fabric, but when I tried to remove the stick-on Pashmina label,only a portion came off; the sticky part was embedded in the fabric and the cleaners told me they could not take it out, but could cut the fabric into a narrower shawl.  It is still at the cleaners as I write this.  The other shawl I ordered had no problem with the sticky label.  I wonder if anyone else had this experience; very disappointing, but not worth the expense of returning it via UPS.The size is all wrong. Ordering info was confusing. I Will not be able to use them my self. Bad luck!After a month of wearing it, it showed serious signs of wear and tear. The leather is of poor quality and broke shortly their after.The material and the construction of this dress is cheap. Would not recommend.Weird fit and my feet hurt! Long time Nike & combat boot wearer. Never had problems. Ever. Needed a pair of hiking shoes and bought a pair of Columbia mids. No problems until the sole wore out. Decided to get the same pair of Columbia but in the low qtrs version. Wore them for about 2 weeks and my feet started to ache. 2 weeks more and felt worse. Bought this pair of Merrels. Got healed up by going back to my trusted Nike Airs. Started wearing this new pair of Merrels but within a couple of days the pain came back and it's even worse. The pain is around the top of my foot around the ankle joint and on the inside of my heel near the arch. I'm telling you this because if you are a long time wearer of another shoe, try to stick with that brand. If you are a long time Merrel wearer, you'll probably be fine. Bottom line, beware of transitioning to a different brand or else you're gonna wind up with issues. If you do transition to a different brand, buy your shoes from a reputable brick and mortar retailer where you can be fitted properly and advised as to what sort of brand would be best for your foot structure and needs. For me, I'm going back to buying shoes the old fashion way.Not wide enough.it looked as if it were for an infant....the tag said it was 14+...NOT  I returned it and got credit but I really wanted it, will not order agian for fear of it being to small again.Tried to purchase item at an agreed discounted rate..it was listed $3 higher than the amount agreed upon..notpurchasingBought two different colors and the inseam is perfect on one and 2 inches shorter on these.Pants are very thin and snag and tore on first wear. This was at a band concert.I wouldn't say this a shape-wear, it was more of inner shorts.Size was extremely off, XL was more like a medium.This dress runs way small. I was really disappointed.I waited a month for this shirt to be mailed from China only to recieved it basically in a zip lock sandwich size bag. I wanted to wear this shirt with leggings so ordered 2xl to allow for coverage over my bottom and washer/dryer shrinkage. This shirt might fit a 10 year old. Yes, it's that small! Not happy! The logo is larger and fuzzy than Simply Southern trademark and the back is out of focus and fuzzy as well. The material is not quality cotton. I question the authenticity of the product.A true waste of money
looks nothing like the pictureWow! I bought this costume last year and LOVED IT! Not only was it completely inappropriate and offensive -- it fit really well too! J/K. We want this costume taken down!
I thought wearing this costume would boil an entire culture down to a racist stereotype. And I was right: Turns out, I was representing the culture in a super inaccurate and unflattering way! We want this costume taken down!
The best news: I wore the costume on Halloween to be funny. Then the next day I took it off, and I was just me again. Isnt it awesome that I didn't have to deal with the racism or oppression some people actually experience on a daily basis? Best Halloween ever! LOL BUT SERIOUSLY: take the costume down.They look nice but are fakeI never got this to work as expected. either i'm naive in using a mechanical watch or it's just not working.They bothered my ears after a while. I would have to take them off after a couple of hours.I even ordered two sizes up, spending money now to have it altered for my daughter. The fit even on her far smaller frame was awkward.The quote on the front is very cute. I really liked it. The clothing was a bit too tight around the hips on my wife. I felt the cloth and it say's it is cotton but it feels like a blend. I doubt that this is cotton. Perhaps it is the way they process it. The shirt has a double layer around the neck on the inside that itches her. Overall it is a cute illustrative but the product is weak in fabric softness. I don't know if it possible to make it softer with a few more washes.The description is green and tan boots and pink ones arrived. Now I have to send them back.I think I received the wrong underwear because the ones I received are different than the photo :( I think the ones I received size 6 run somewhat small. They are a little too tight on my daughter for my taste.The loop holding the dangle on broke - So basically the earrings are now worthless.  I understand they were costume jewelery, but I expected a better quality from NapierThey need to update the elevation of Mt Whitney on the shirt. It is officially 14,505'. I assume the change is because of more precise GPS elevation measurements. Mt Denali just had it's elevation reduced a few feet. In any case, the small error makes this a poor choice for someone like me who just hiked the 14,505 peak. So I won't buy it.Well my husband shoes size is 11, but this one is small and to narrow, He used once, He can not manages one more time, so I guess can not returned because He used once, I am disappointedSo small...did not fit my 3 year old grandson's head.  I think it would hardly fit a one year old baby.They was ok,but some of them was to smallALL shoes ordered too wide.I was expecting rhinestones like advertised but there was none. Just grey dots in their place. Do not recommend!This item is so adorable in the picture, and I was very excited to try it on my son. I just received it, and am sadly disappointed. The quality is pretty terrible, but that's not too surprising considering the price point. It is covered with loose threads, a few of which you can see in the attached image. The real letdown is that the plaid is completely different from the product image. I ordered a hat separately to go with this, based on the pictured outfit, and it's not even close. I'll probably still have him wear this outfit, as it's for a wedding this weekend, but I'm not pleased with it.The compartments design is great and as expected. However, I was disappointed that the exterior face of the wallet that I received had one row of purple stitching instead of the nice decorative border as shown on the Amazon picture.They are uncomfortable. The strap across the ankle is rough and scrapes the skin. I couldn't wear them at allIt's okSomething is wrong.  I have purchased many of these for probably 6+ years and all fit great except for this pair?1 pair mismarked, bag said large, tags say medium, pretty bad quality control!To small and comes up to high. No arch support. Light weight.Even though my 6 year old grand-daughter loves her new necklace....she didn't even wear it one day and a gem fell out. SERIOUSLY!!!! I guess you need more glue.There is NO side support, these shoe's promote rolling an ankle!  Back to my 1540'sCheap thin fabric!  And the label is not JJ Perfection it is Ambiance Apparel.  Walmart has better tops for $6. I will use this top for a pajama top.I have been wearing converse for a few decades now (yikes, I'm getting old!) and the pair that I bought on here - I don't think they were genuine Converse shoes.  There was glue showing on the canvas.  Things that should have been stitched weren't stitched.  They just were so badly made that I find it hard to believe that they're actually genuine Converse shoes.The jeans sent to me didn't match the photos.  They are single stitched on the inseam, the label is fuzzy and looks fake, the hem is shorter and an odd proportion, the stitching on the back pockets differs, the red tag just has a registered symbol on it and doesn't say Levi's at all.  From other pairs of 501's I have worn these jeans are of a lighter weight denim and they aren't as stiff or rugged feeling.  It's hard to believe they are not an outright fake pair of Levi's.
I bought 2 pairs a few months ago at a local store and they are much closer to the 501's I am accustomed to.  They didn't have my size as far as length goes so I cuffed them.  I ordered a pair from amazon so I could get a better fitting pair.  I was extremely disappointed in them once they arrived.  Either Amazon is receiving inferior quality Levi's and charging full price for them or they are passing along fake merchandise.  Beware!  Returned them ASAFP.When I can find them, I usually wear a size 7-1/2 wide.  I have even worn 7 wide wide.  Failing finding shoes in those sizes, I normally buy size 8's for the toe box width, but even then, only if the toe is rounded or has a euro toe shape (Euro size 38, 38-1/2 or 39).  Based on other reviews, I ordered these in 7-1/2.  They are not wide enough.  These shoes have a taper shape from the little toe towards the big toe, unlike my duck feet which are very wide across the entire toe area.  The length was right but my little toes were painfully squeezed against the next toe.  I had to take them off within mere minutes and am returning them.

I wish someone would make a barefoot shoe for people who actually spend a lot of time barefoot, which results in a naturally wide toe splay.  These shoes might be a nice "almost barefoot" option for people whose feet have been deformed by wearing too narrow pointy-toed shoes all their life, but for those of us blessed/cursed with a more natural foot shape, these just don't work.It dries my hair outFirst, they are cute. They are really cute. I liked them a lot at first. But, as I do with most things, I like to wait to review to see the outcome in the long term.

Second, I only wore them three times. After washing, the band stretched. You ever see the trailer park shows where the woman has her pants tucked up all the way over her gut? That's what has to happen and even then, they fall down.

I read the reviews about the chemical smell. In my opinion, whatever. That's what washing machines are for. Right? And of course, when people usually complain about a lingering smell, it's usually just a small scent on the product itself.

Uhmm... For the first couple days my boyfriend kept coming in and asking me what the gasoline smell was. We kept going around the room trying to figure out where the gasoline type chemical smell was coming from. It took me a couple of days to realize that it was the pants.

The smell did wash out of course. The good thing is I realized, I do like the concept of jeggings but perhaps I will not be going with such a low quality product again.Awful.  Sand gets everywhere.  They get heavy And they don't stay on.  I'm going to throw them away. They would be good for a lake with no sand.These are terrible.  The waists are WAY TOO BIG! They cannot even be tightened... don't waste your money.Not designed for large breasted women.
DissatisfiedDoes not fit at all to sizeStones fell out within a day or so.Don't know what happened to this. I have been wearing it every day now since I got it and slowly it changed color, and now looks terrible. I don't know if it is my body chemistry or what but i bought another gold plated chain from Kezef Creations as an ankle bracelet and it still looks great. I have attached a picture of the chain I bought here, a choker, and then put a normal gold plated chain i had next to it. This chain has changed to a dark color and is unwearable.These leggings cost too much to be made so cheaply. I finally gave up mending the holes on the seams when a hole appeared on the calf of the legging. I've never had leggings tear like this before and would never buy them again. A shame, because all of my Hue tights hold up really well.Though my previous pairs of Sketchers in this same size fit well, this style did not.  The shoe felt as if I would walk out of it...floppy on my foot.  I returned them.  I recently ordered a similar Sketcher slip-on in the same size which fit well and have not stretched.  I cannot understand why same size, same brand fit so differently.Shoe seemed put together well. Overall shoe ran large both in length and width. Also, had a pointed toe which was unlike other chukka boots I've purchased.  I didn't care for that part of design.Has a huge hole in the back of sweater. Unable to print label, don't have a printer  so what now!!!The cuff at the bottom was frayed about 4 inches, but otherwise fit perfect!I was very excited about this ring, but the quality is so bad, it doesn't even look that good. The horn fell off for no apparent reason after just 2 hours of use. Since I don't live in the US & didn't want to return this item, I put it back myself with super glue, but then the metallic golden paint in the horn started wearing out almost immediately.

Don't buy this.The strap broke within a week.Sent it back as the fabric is cheesy and construction is less than adequate.The bag was used, had scratches and punctures all over, had white stains in the green interior lining, and had a foul smell. I returned the bag, but eventually had to file a A-Z Guarantee claim in order to actually receive a refund (True Grit was non-responsive).I did not like it, fist it was the wrong color and and What I wanted but even did not come on time and not fine hissssWayyyyyyyy to small for a preggo makes u freThis is the worst item I have ever purchased. It does not look like the picture. Also there was no eye cut out so i could not see out of it at all. DO NO PURCHASE THIS ITEM.My glasses came with a crack in itCool design is about best I can say.  I'm a big girl, and wear a 2x in my tops. Bought this in 2x, and felt more like an XL.  Gave it to my niece who is smaller than me, it fit her, but when she was pulling over her head, her thumb went right through the material.  Waste of money. Poor quality.I absolutely love these boots, BUT I bought them expecting great quality however am pretty DISAPPOINTED. the heel popped off after a few times wearing them and the rubber sole is separating from the toe already.The can can it not long enough.I wouldn't even give these pants one star. Should have sent the second pair back but my husband thought this company could have one pair of defective pants......bet he wishes he never said that. Now he is at work with a split crotch on a job site he can't leave! We have always loved Carhartt but DON'T BUY THESE JEANS! They rip easily not made strong enough for a newborn. Bought my husband 9.99 pants from a box store that lasted longer. SHAME on Carhartt for putting their name on such a product and Amazon for selling it on their site.I love the idea of a lightweight breatheable trail running shoe.  These both light and breatheable but the quality is very poor.  If your intention is to use these of hiking or running expect to superglue the rubber back onto the soles regularly.  I reccomend spending the extra money and getting a quality shoe.I'm giving this 2 stars because I ordered the dinosaur socks but received safari animals instead.Nice style but came with large black stains. Did not wash out. Returning it would cost too much.Very cute shoes but none of the sizes seem to fit I bought it in A5 A5 and a 1/2 and a 6 it's almost like I needed a size between 5 and a 1/2 and 6 also they are very very uncomfortablethe color white, is not white, kind of cream.Sizing was ALL WRONG.

Paid over $50 for a shirt I can't even wear.

Highly disappointed.Broke about 2 hours after using it.Big black vertical zipper on the front.  The ties are covering it in the photo so it is not visible, but is very noticeable in person.  Otherwise the bag is a nice neutral color and is not too large.Material is not breathable at all. Had it on for about 2 minutes before I realized I could not wear it.The shoes didn't last even 2 weeks! There is a hole on top of the shoe already. And the water resistant strip along the bottom of the shoe is coming off! The shoes I got at Walmart lasted longer! Too bad as my son really likes themDress looked great but after one hour of wearing it the chain around neck broke .not sure if I can exchange it.I have a large head and they're not long enough and not wide enough. Nothing big or xl about them. Also after a closer look, the frame is bent and pieces are out of place such as the nose pieces aren't level with each other. Maybe I just got a bad pair or something but I don't recommend these.Not what I expected from a dance sneaker -- forefoot is very sticky.Not super high quality. I expected more for the price. Functional, but not something I would recommend or purchase again. For what they are, I would have been better off buying the cheap ones from WalMart.They run tightjust wanted to let anyone who wants to buy this watch know that the price of this watch was around th 780 mark a month or so back and since then its skyrocketed to 900 plus. If you want to buy this watch, wait for a while till the price comes down to its original or go for another brand and/or model.Old style sweat shirt with tight cuffs and waistband. In the photo, it looks like the waistband and cuffs are loose (same as the rat of the shirt) but the shirt is baggy over the cuffs.Have only had the shoes for a month and they have already split at the seam. Will avoid this brand in the future. Does not deserve any stars.Complete nonsense.nothing like picture,u can't wear it out of the doorThese are quite poor. The lenses are poor and distorted. Very 'wavy' when looking through. Look elsewhere.I am returning them.save your money. looks super cheap and has horrible shape, totally ruined Christmas. so bummed. wish I had never seen this.Logo did not look as it did on Amazon. It blended in too much to the r shirt color.It was to smallI expected something super cute, but this hat is NOT cute. Not normal, knitted yarn, it's super stringy and looks horrible. Does not look like the picture. I'm hoping they let me return this without paying for shipping, it's just not what I expected and I'm quite disappointed.Item returnedNice pants but they shrank and fell apart (the stitching came out) after the first wash...I love the idea of having snap buttons and mitten cuffs. Other reviews have said that these run small, so I order the 0-3 months instead of new born size. They're still tiny. Pictures are included for you to see. I laid a shirt on top of the Gerber sleep n play. As you can see, both garments are labeled the same size, but the sleep n play is much bigger.Very poor quality. Stretched completely out of shape after one washing.my 4 year old wore it couple times and start tearing down... it's cute and fun with lights but very cheaply made.I ordered this shirt based on the fabric content. The info says it is 85% cotton, 15% polyester. I received this shirt yesterday, and it is 100% nylon.
It fits well and looks good, but it holds in the heat!I ordered the size that would fit me if it were any other shirt but rather it fit me almost 4 times as smallThe watch is very pretty but I ordered from another source. I returned 2 watches because they were incorrect.Mine was similar to the other reviews, low resolution logo, clearly a fake. Size is also a bit short for a large. Disappointing!These shoes run way small. I typically wear a size 13, ordered a 14 and recieved a 13 instead. The 13 fit like a size 11The sleeves are narrow and it's shorter than it looks on the model in the photos. It probably fits loose and great on someone who weighs around 125 pounds or less. I weigh 140. I was looking for something super comfy and big. Not quite what I wanted.Very cheap looking.  Fabric is on handle that pills and pulls.This is not an Aviator's Kit bag. If you have ever been in the military and think that is what you are buying then you are wrong. For the paratroopers out there that are used to stuffing an entire parachute in one of these; you can fit maybe a pair of boots. Maybe. It will get repurposed for hauling small stuff camping, but not what it was intended for.These shoes are the worst quality.  I bought 2 pairs for my daughter, different colors, and both of them broke after just one use.  Had to throw them away. Completely waste of money.not colors as advertizedcolor is off, not as attractive as shown in the picture.The coat does not look like the picture. Had to return it.I ordered this one after trying the normal size. But this one doesn't compare to the normal sized one. First the material is different for the bloomers, but they had tons more room. Second the ring along the bottom of the top half of the costume, it was bent in a funny oval shape and the costume had a funky shape that could not be fixed. The size was absolutely huge so I returned it.Way too big and the picture did not match the dress I received. Dress didn't look as nice as the picture.Great rashguard and nice rich navy blue color, however, as many others have said the sleeves are much too long for the body size. It still works well protecting my son from the sun and the sleeves bunch up, which are not overly cumbersome. It takes a bit of time feeding my 2 year olds arms through the long sleeves. *Update the white emblem melted off and stuck to my husbands skin while my son napped in my husbands arms under a shaded umbrella at the beach.No. It broke easily. It is not strong enough for toddlers.Returned. Small band and cup.Love the color and style, but this xlarge too snug.  Will still keep it since I go up and down in weight and have two sets of workout clothes!The first time I wore these shoes to a rehearsal, my partner striped on my your and the " leather" tore open in a big flap. I am in the process of trying to get a refund, but I am sad because I love the style and function of the shoe. Wrote to Bloch and they basically said it is my problem and they have not had this complaint before. Well thanks.Ordered a large (normally wear a medium or large depending on cut)  but shirt runs small.  The large I ordered was snug and fabric seems a little thin and seemed to be shorter than what is pictured.Looks very cheapToo largeOrdered 3XL item was too smallSo, the item received is the same pattern, but not at all what I expected. The item I received has way more print than pictured and it looks terrible. I have a great shape so I know it's not me. The girl in the picture looks great and then I put it on and look like I'm slumming.  My friend told me that I look like I'm getting ready for a track meet and that if I ever wore it, she would deny knowing me. I normally read the reviews before I purchase clothing items because I have been burned too many times in the past when ordering from China. However, this particular item did not have any reviews and I could not find information on it elsewhere. It is sheer and shows everything. I received this item at a heavy discount in exchange for my honest opinion. I HONESTLY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS ROMPER TO AN ENEMY. NOBODY SHOULD WALK AROUND LIKE THIS...The product was okay quality but very thin material and the closure seemed not very good. I was worried that it might come off my suitcase during the flight because of the closure, and surely enough it did. My suitcase arrived in my destination airport without the cover which of course totally defeated the purpose of purchasing it. I payed money to protect my suitcase from scratches and dings and it came out scratched because the cover came off AND the cover never arrived so I now have payed for it, scratched suitcase and no cover :-(
I'm pretty sure this happened because of the poor quality of the closure, I'd say don't waste your money.While they lasted, they were great. But two weeks in, and they started to rip on the heel. Lower the price if you're not going to make these last. Wayyy to much for shoes you can only where a short while.Its loose.one is not the same Fit as the other.if you are trying to stretch to widen .the screw loosen...not worth it.Big disappointed. The shoes are too tough and NOT COMFORTABLE.I can`t even walk ....they are like hard sheets. This model it is waste of moneyThese boots are too small in the toe (I got a half size bigger than I wear ) and too big everywhere else. Very ill fitting. I am sending them back. If they had fit they might have been good for the price. They must be made in another countryI was in search of a lightweight tote that could be used to carry my work laptop to the office when taking a bus at least one day per week and also clothes/shoes etc. when traveling out of state for the company.  This tote had only two openings (one for the main cavity and other for laptop, pens, etc.) could not accommodate my laptop which is in 13.25 in width, 9 in length and 7/8 in depth in the laptop compartment.

I liked the look of the tote so I thought it still may be usable for local travel.  I could shove the laptop diagonally (couldn't fit otherwise) into the main cavity but left the luggage very unbalanced and had difficulty standing and couldn't fit under seat on the bus. It did not roll smoothly (jerked a lot) over tile, carpet or concrete and left me beyond frustrated.  It also fell very easily especially when the handle was extended.  The positive features included it was very, very lightweight and east to lift.

I rated the luggage 2 stars because it was very lightweight, easy to lift and I loved the blue (sapphire) color.  It didn't work for me because of the laptop size and instability but it may work for you.I bought these pants a month ago.  I wore one pair 2 times and the other pair 4 times.  I just noticed that both pairs are coming apart at the top seam of the pocket. I went to return it, but missed the 30 day window to return through amazon.  I washed per the instructions on the label.  I like the pants. However, I would expect $50 a pair khakis from Dockers to last more than 2 to 4 wears.

Overall I would not purchase them, until Dockers fixes the defect.I was expecting leggings but I got stockings instead.  They are completely see through (i.e. can see your underwear through them).After wearing  this watch only 3 times one of the pins that starts the timing process to this watch has fell out . This is by far my worst Invicta experience. Now I will have to find an Invicta watch repair shop and hope the repair is not too expensive. I feel ripped off.I don't know were Is my packet!  yetI have previously had very good experiences with Buxton wallets and have always found them to be of very high quality - but this particular one, not so much.  It is well designed with lots of space for cards, checkbook, bills, change and the like and is really large - really maybe a bit too large.  However, the real problem I am having is its durability.  Within a month, the decorative clasp cover came apart and just had to be cut off.  Now at less than 9 months after purchase, the edges and seams are heavily frayed.  The wallet is certainly very useable and practically designed but I just don't think it will last very much longer.  I will buy Buxton again - but not this product.Sorry these heels are not the white that I need, these are more like a silvery gray!!  For a size 7, they are very big!!I initially ordered this bra in my correct size, but as other reviewers stated, it is too small. I ordered a size up and the fit was still weird. The problem for me is that the center piece just comes up too high. Other than that the quality is good, although its a bit pricey.Pretty but too small, the turban cannot accommodate any hair beneath it - the cut doesn't make sense, as it's long enough but there's no depth to the folds. Unusable.I think it's painted, cracking pretty bad.  A bit small for my wrist as well. Wanted something a bit more rugged.Size small inappropriateToo small and not true to size.  Buy a size bigger!!!Poor quality. Arrived with one pair already having a hole.This costume is very cheesy especially the mask just foam with string attached! I Got a medium child size says ages 5-8 and top fit perfectly, pants are about 3 sizes too big and my son is very tall for 5yrs old! Will not be purchaseing again from this company, they advertise this as the special edition one, but it is not and according to other websites the special edition one is better than the one i relieved from this co. And they are selling the regular one as the special edition version very disappointed and I will now have to alter this costume so it can look ok for HalloweenNot a fanThis bag is very cute, but my handle ripped away from the bag after a few months, so I couldn't pack it anymore. I did love it and got many compliments, though.The stone fell out 10 days after my nephew proposed. Beautiful ring though.bad choice, i bought this pair, and barely wear. not my style, looks weird on feet, and very unpleasant to wearI would not recommend this product. The cloth leaves large amounts of lint all over the laces, broguing, and the edges of the leather soles. Very poor quality.My son loves this shirt, but I had to was it first as it had an overly powerful chemical smell and the printing faded after first wash. Disappointed about the fading, but he still likes it.Damn skinny Europeans. Sheesh.After washing the panties had shrunk at least 2 sizes.  Very disappointingOne of the legs of the glasses came loose and moves, without being able to be screwed wellWatch was delivered as promised by Amazon. The watch will not keep time, you can set it today and by this time tomorrow it will be at least 20 + minutes behind the correct time. Maybe it has a bad battery, but one would expect a brand new watch, out of the box to keep time for at least a month.Great Boot but it would benefit all to ship what the customer orders, what needs to happen is that the individual picking the order- reads the order and verifyies that what he/ she has pulled from the warehouse is indeed what the customer ordered and that way they have made a good sale and the customer is satisfied with goods receivedI REALLY wanted to like these boots--I even had them (the black ones) on my wish list. Luckily, no one purchased them for me this holiday season as they ended up going straight back. The heel was very wide and due to this they slipped each step I took. You would think I would need a smaller size, but the foot bed fit fine. Also, there was SO much room in the ankle, that it gave my leg a really unattractive and shapeless look. There was no contouring in this boot--i.e. the shape of my leg was lost--making my leg look stocky, which it's not. I've had issues with the ankle of a boot being too big in the past, but this usually results in a gathering of the excess material, but due to the stiffness of this boot, it just wasn't going to happen and made the boot itself even that much more uncomfortable. As others have commented, the zipper doesn't go all the way down. While this was an annoyance, I had no problem getting the boot on.Not as cool as I was expecting. Not as much detail as I had hoped for, but fits the price point.I was ordering M but I recive XL so .....Wasn't what I expected.. Didn't fit , I guess I needed a caller size. I normally wear a size 12 but I guess this runs big.The right shoe have some itchy material inside that is very uncomfortable to use without wearing socks because it scratches the top of my foot. The left shoe doesnt feel like that though so Im thinking they might just have sent me a defective shoe.

The shoes is supposed to be new but it did not come in an Olukai box, it did not have any tags either. I feel that I purchased something that is not really new. Will contact seller and I'll update this review.Will be returning them. The color is disappointing  also.yuck :-( ... this product is 2 shirts.  the sequin part is a crop (super crop) top ... almost more of bikini top.  the overshirt is very cheap material with raw edges.

I suppose for price ... shouldn't complain.  we are too spoiled in the USAThis is a cute pin, the metal work of the pin is very nice. That is the best I can say for it. By the time I got it out of the packaging, half the stones had fell out. And the stones were so small there was no way I could find even one of them.  Save your money and buy something with prongs holding the stones in.Tag removed only to find out later that it had a big hole on the back thigh area.I had been looking forward to wearing my new Movado watch...however, it did not work and I had to return it.  I am hoping for a replacement that is functional.  It is beautiful and I would love it, I'm sure, if it worked!I just received this watch and I'm returning it. The watch looks good. However, a few things indicated it was used. First, there are scratches on the top right corner of the watch face.  Second, it lacks of plastic protection for the watch face or band. I only found two piece of broken plastic left on the band. Third, the band is short which seemed to be adjusted already. Last, there is no manufacturer seal for the watch box.Overall simply unimpressed with the boots and Kamik.  The first pair had to be exchanged as they were cracked out the box.  It appears that the molding process may make a point along the top opening of the boot weak.  The second pair received wasn't cracked, but it was still apparent that the boot cuff was weaker and flexing in the same area.  But, since they seemed solid and my daughter loved the color I sent her off to school with them.  I notice today that one boot seemed taller than the other and sure enough it was!  Turned them over and one was a size 1 and the other a size 2.  Seriously?!  Now I'm stuck with a mis-matched pair of boots since the box had been recycled and boots worn.  Kamik needs to step up big-time in their QA department.Great slippers that fit well and look good.  Unfortunately though the sole and shoe is quite capable of lasting many years the last (the piece that the sole of your feet rest upon) simply died, and I mean died.  Piece by piece the innards fell out until I'm looking at the waffled base of the shoe.

I'd give them 5 stars if the last was made as good as the shoe.  Great slippers for a few years then expect to 1) throw them out or 2) find someone to put a different last into i.I own lots of Skechers and I hate these. I would hate to see the foot these fitThese are NOT SEVEN jeans.  These are a knock offs.  Plus tight around the calves but otherwise fit fine.  But presenting them as "SEVENS" is misleading.  Buyer beware.The shoes fit fine, but one of the shoes have a short and will not light up only after 1 month of usage.Ask for a small  and got a largerShoes were way too small. I ordered a 1/2 size bigger than I wear to avoid just this problem. Guess I should have ordered a full size bigger. I won't offer from this company againThin material, drape is unflattering. Disappointed.The shoes are pretty comfortable. However, I wore them indoors for a few hours at work (I never even wore them outside, they were delivered to me at the office and I put them on for about 2 1/2 hours), and the sole started peeling away from the rest of the shoe. At least 2 inches came off. It's flapping. If I was desperate, I could reglue, but not right after I wore them for the first time!
I'm trying to return them ASAP.Very small not for adultsI recieved black and grey boxers, not green and blues like in the photo. not that big of deal but it is the only reason i bought these.it broke at a week can i get a refound and it made my ear stink bad please contactme at my emailThis product is a glorified box!  Very cheap.  Do not waste your money.  Came with no instructions on how to put it together.  If I could give this a negative 5 stars I wouldTurned color after a few weeks, it looked good other wise.I thought it was more realisticIt's an alright size and the patterns are nice, but mine was fraying at the edges and very, very thin. Not terribly happy and not tereibly disappointed either... Just "meh".I am 5' 10'' this dress was much shorter than I expected. Being tall I was assuming it would be shorter on me then the model but it hit the middle of my thigh.... kind of disappointedThe boots seem rugged enough, appear water proof/resistant, well made, and will likely hold up reasonably well.  Unfortunately, they fail in the one area they really need to perform if they're going to be called a "Snow Boot" .. even with a liner sock and a wool sock, my feet got icey in temperatures that were only just a few degrees below freezing.  A "Snow Boot" should, at the very least, be able to keep ones feet from getting uncomfortably cold for a little while.  I could tell my feet were not going to stay warm within just 10 to 15 minutes of being out in the cold.  I think the biggest problem is that the soles are not insulated enough .. the sides and top of my feet actually felt OK.  The cold, however, almost immediately sucked the heat from the bottom of my feet.  One would think that boot designers would be familiar enough with real-world conditions to know that the soles need even more insulation than the rest of the boot, not less!  If a boot performs no better in the cold than a pair of mid-weight hikers, it has no right claiming a "snow boot" status.Very cheaply made.  The chain was knotted when I opened the box and took me over an hour to untangle.  Unfortunately it's not worth the headache to return it so I'll be giving it to my niece to enjoy. Don't waste your money.Nice work if you can get it.  Product and presentation smacks of repackaged dime store item. That's fine but don't make it more than it is. And forget any box--for the record.

Comes with a few plastic beads on a thread.Cute but can't buy clarks anymore. They flop in the heal if wide enough.I bought these to wear for a vacation later this summer. They are comfortable, but in a qualified way:
 - the heel of the upper is very stiff and so far hasn't softened up, resulting in scrapes/blisters near my Achilles' heel;
 - there is a seam inside the shoe right where my smallest toe is, so that toe is getting beaten up; and
 - the shoe is just ever so slightly too large, so it moves and rubs as I walk.

Hopefully these are breaking in issues and will resolve as I wear them. Right now, I'm wearing socks with them and I'd rather not... or I need to find no-show socks. They are lightweight and cushy; perhaps I should have returned them for a smaller size (I bought 8.5).

Update on 8-8-2015. I returned these. I swapped out the insole for a better, not-quite-orthotic insole and they felt so much more comfortable! But then... I noticed they suddenly got really loose. They weren't tight to begin with, but now they were more like flip flops. Awful. When I stopped to check them out, I noticed the elastic holding the top tongue to the sides was coming undone. That was the last straw with these. They didn't last thirty days!Horriblethis is a lovely made shoe, but certainly wasn't true to american sizing.  Am sending it back today.I did not like that even after zipping up my son's boots there's a huge gap in the top of the boots snow can get into it.I PURCHASED THIS WATCH AND IT STOPPED WORKING A WEEK LATER ,WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN. IT LOOKS PRETTY,BUT IT DOES NOT WORK WELLToo small need to send back thank youDidn't like the way they fit they're not good working shoes when recommend your buying them for workmaterial looked cheaper than in the picture, had minimal tailoring so looked like a bag on me, returned itI cannot believe that this little toy accessory kit has increased 3 times as much in just a month. It is a plastic holster and hat for goodness sake. NOT WORTH paying 33$! Absolutely ridiculous!!! I've always found good deals on amazon...but not this time. what a disappointmentShows through my shoes and is not that comfortable. Oh well.Loved it when I first got it! So shiny and looked like a real diamond. Got many compliments. I only wore it when I went out and not every time. Averaged maybe once a week but after a couple months the silver turned really dark and lost its luster. Don't know why cause I take very good care of my sterling silver jewelry. I take my rings off after every wear and clean them with a soft cloth before putting them in my jewelry box .  Disappointed because it was a beautiful ring and stone perfect size to look like the real thing.As a number of reviews have posted on here, the opening at the top for you to pull the top handle out of does NOT align with the side that the side handles of the suitcase are on. The measurements are also off from what they listed on the page. DO NOT BUY THIS.Pretty but not very good quality. it was windy and it just blew inside out. Learned my lesson from 5 dollar( not on sale) umbrellasThese were so large we had to return then and order the next size.These shoes would not stay fastened. I haven't had this problem with other Stride Rite shoes. I think that it's because there is a plastic tab that sticks out at the end of the velcro that she is catching on things...unfastening them. I decided to return them and selected another pair of Stride Rite shoes that does not have the tab at the end of the velcro. We're disappointed to return them because they're really cute, but they just won't work for her.I ordered a size up from my regular but it still doesn't fit like at all I seriously think they sent the wrong size... The material looks of great quality but I can't tell you anything more because IT DOESN'T FIT... DisappointedWhat they (endless jewels) shipped was not a 6 pack of plain white socks. Each pair has a trim color at the top. The socks themselves are fine, but be warned they aren't completely white.Not great quality of a print. After two washes in cold water and hanging it to dry the Gnome foot is already starting to fade.Size was off - there were no tags inside referencing the size either- duality is good . Just dissapointed in inaccuracy of the size and being the shipping from
Asia, 3 weeks ... too Much hassle to return .I was happy with jacket until I unzipped it.  There was a hole in the lining up near the inside tag at back of coat.  I doubt I will buy from them again.The right shoe fit perfect. The left one, however, turned out to be a completely different size. Returned for a refund.They do not keep your feet warm at all, they only look thick.
The strong chemical smell is still on after first wash, although it may go eventually away.
Bottom line : To keep my feet warm around the house, I will put my thick hunting wool socks and thread carefully on my wood floors.
I will return these ones if I can.Tooooo big
Its good for large people 6' TallCan't read the time when the hands are over the while subdialsIt looks really cool, and I like the buckle mechanism, but the elastic gets stretchy very quickly and the belt does not hold my pants up.I bought this dress after reading the reviews - knowing some of them are paid. People were raving about how it fit loose. I planned on using it for a Halloween costume and it would have been perfect. When I took it out of the package I could tell it was going to be small. The hemline in the front is longer than the back and the sleeves seem like they should be on a size medium or large dress, not 2x.Given all the miss leading tag lines and touting their devotion to Canada and the Aboriginal natives and then to have their products made in China...fail on so many levels, in my opinion. Will not buy from manitobah again.I will be contacting Amazon about this tomorrow. This was supposed to be a gift for my 6 year old daughter and I am very disappointed. It's very cute and I ordered a size up like the Hatley website says. But that doesn't help when you get a size 10 top and a size 12 pant. So that was the main issue. There is a tag on the pants that says "KEEP AWAY FROM FIRE" which is fine if it's actually natural fibers and it fits snug, which obviously it's not going to do when the pants are bigger than the top. It states 100% cotton but also says made in India so who knows. The manufacturer date on the tag is June 2015. I purchased these because I saw them in a catalog and I was hoping they would be good quality which they seem to be besides the size issue.Should have gotten wider and could have went up a 1/2 size.Good looking wallet. Just not the best quality.Cute earrings and fast shipping but one earring was missing a few crystals.Loved the fit, detail and pack ability of the jacket but do not like the thermal reflection stuff inside the jacket. It seems to reflect heat when I do not need it and is uncomfortable when it does that. Have only used in 60 degree weather. Keeping it but disappointed.My daughter bought a pair of these for $60 in a mall on her very first trip of shopping with friends. One of the shoes started to break in less than a month. Her previous pair of white ones also break with in 2 month. Hope she will lean the lesson this time to keep away from Vans.When I opened the package at first I was super happy. The fabric had a nice feel and color. Then i took a closer look and noticed several defects and what i hope is just glue. Returning it.It fit a little bigger than I thought but that was okay, wasn't huge, just a little bigger. The text was okay quality and it was also smaller, I expected the print/text to be bigger like in the picture, but it was smaller. It is an okay shirt.ran small...hand to return.  Love the style.  got a 42 which is what  wear in birkenstocks.  These were very smallI didn't realize this was a stretchy knit fabric - it's very pretty but I thought it was a woven cotten. It fits too tightly and is too revealing. I can't wear it around the house if I have company.When I ordered this product and for the price $120.00 I thought I was getting the authentic Ugg Snake Skin Slippers until my girlfriend told me and showed me that the slipppers I order were imitation. I returned the slippers immediately for a full refund. I order the real authentic Ugg slippers for the same price from Nordstrom and when I saw all the view shots of this slipper the name Ugg is written on the bottom sole of the slipper and the one I order from Deckers did not have the name imprinted on the bottom and was nothing like the real thing. I'am dissappoint that I would have been wasting my money on knock off item and not the real thing. I'am very disappointed.I had bought another pair of Rockport Cobb Hill shoes that were similar to these and I love them.  I expected to have the same results from these but I am disappointed.  The heel feels loose and, whenever I wear them, my ankles ache at the end of the day. The strap across the top is also awkward and uncomfortable. I wish I had bought the other model instead of these.Horrible material first wash got so uglyThe latch has this problem:  if you put it together backwards it's almost impossible to get it apart again.  My son (5) did just that and it was a headache!Didn't button around his middle: too tight, too small. Had to return, not usable.I can't help but be disappointed. A lot of reviews said it ran large. I wear 9.5 New Balances/10.5 Nikes, so I ordered a size 9. They get here and I'm shocked by how large they are. I check the label: size 9 men's "ROOMY FIT". I wouldn't have ordered them if the ad mentioned that at all. As far as I'm concerned, this isn't what I ordered :(Didn't fitThe waste band separated from the garment after the third washing! I chose these because of the brand name and the reviews. I'll be more careful in the future.These are very cute but the material is very stiff and hurts my foot. BUT, they are really, really cute so you might want to try them yourself as others didn't seem to have an issue with them.I will NOT buy these again.  They were different sizes, the right being too tight.  I was able to slowly stretch it.  With in one (1) week the cushion inners on both sides were coming up.  I ripped them out.  For the past 24 years I bought my Boat Shoes from that store in Freeport, ME. with NEVER a problem.  I'll NEVER buy Dockers again.Stones are too big and too clear.  If you know what a well cut D color vvs1 looks like, well, make it even clearer but a blue tinge rather than true fire and take it up to a 1.25 carat size.  Those are the stones on this bracelet. The gold is also too light.  The stones might have worked if the gold color was a bit darker to offset the flourescent blue in the stones and/or the stones were half the size. The bracelet certainly is noticeable, but anyone who owns good diamonds will be able to spot this as a fake from across the room.Runs extremely small. Had to give to a child for a gift instead of the teen it was intended for.Heels have no apikes and are very slippery.. not safe!shoe base is too soft and started to become deformed and didn't keep its shape.  I guess the way my daughter walks she puts more weight on one side of her foot so the shoe became pressed in on that side.  As a result when wearing the shoe her foot now slides off on the lower side.  They can't be used.  Need to make the sandal with a material that maintains its shape.  My daughter is 80lbs so I can't imaging these shoes working for an adult past day 1.I had to order a larger size than normal in these reefs as this model has the toe strap positioned further from the front of the flip flop than my others.I am not sure my USA size . But I am using Large sizes for europa  size. It is somewhat large too me . Actually I want the large t-shirt for legging but it is larges too me. But it is not bad look . the material soft and good. You have to decided  correct  size that 's it. Good shopping...Super cute suspenders but just as we were dressing my grandson for his 1st birthday party, the metal clasp on the back came apart.  We had to use pliers and repair it ourselves.Full Sleeve is touching the Body. Very tight. Should be loose.
Because of this, it looks made for Woman.
My body structure is Slim, and still it is tight on my Hand.Smaller than what I actually thought it would be but otherwise it is a beautiful erasable but for a child and not an adult.WAY short, waist is hard to keep up. returnedCompared to other Curvy Fit trousers from Rafaella, these pants tend to run smaller than others. Regardless, Rafaella is generously sized. I do like these over the other bootcut ones, largely because there is a smaller tab & no buttons at the fastening ... which means less extra fabric & buttons right on the belly. I also like no belt loops, so that these pants have a more professional look.

However, certainly watch the items that you receive from Amazon. I received 2 pairs, and both clearly were returned purchases and were excessively wrinkled. One pair did not even have tags, was pilled, and worn at the ends. Looked like something from a garage sale. Not certain where this supply of Rafaella has come from but it can't be trusted. Thankful for easy returns though.I am sincerely disappointed.Didn't have hood. No tags.  Please make this rightThe quality seems great but the bottom strap (string) attachment part broke within the first 2 weeks of my son carring it to school. He doesn't carry text books or a binder on a regular basis so the bag is fairly light most of the time. I had to sew it back. Very disappointed!Unflattering, waist cut way too short, too wide in hip.I ordered size 7 and threw packaging away. They turned out to be size 9. The quality is fine, just 2 sizes too big.it broke after she wore it onceHorribly smallMy review is not based on the converse shoe itself which we like but the service provided thru amazon. It is the 2nd time this has happened to me, I clearly got the women sizing but was sent mens sizing instead and they vary by 2 sizes!! So my daughter who is a 6.5 women should get a 4.5 mens size. But when choosing I clearly chose womens 6.5 so I don't know why the mix up.Too small and shape is rounder and fatter than picture suggests.I'm 5'11 and 180 pounds. I bought a medium.
I decided to return mine due to the fact that it was way to tight! There was no mystery left when this dress was on! And if somehow there was any mystery left from the tightness, the length of the dress would take care of that the minute I bent over to get anything! Put in a more delicate way, the freaking dress was waaaayyyyy to short for this tall girl! Also the fabric was pretty cheap. Sigh...another purchase failure!I ordered these jack rogers sandals for my daughters bday and they did not fit. Box says 9.5 but sandals are an 8. My daughters birthday party wasn't till last weekend so when I tried to return its past the deadline. Not very happy!Waaaaay too small. I got a xxL which fit like a small. Had to return it.The sizing was horrible and the package got wet and it got the dress wet!This shirt ships from China.  You can't find that out until after the order is placed and you start tracking it (verified by a Live Chat with an Amazon rep)  I will be sure to only purchase from Amazon or fulfilled by Amazon from now on.  I haven't gotten one clothes product from China that wasn't way off on US sizes and most were also very poor quality.  You get what you pay for.  I will be very careful from now on  Honestly, I'm disgusted.Regret every moment of buying these pants. They don't have a faux leather look at all, just look like cheap shiny black pants from Forever 21.  They fit awkwardly, sizing is off and WAY OVER PRICED.  I tried to return but missed the window so now I a sitting on a $100 pair for crappy leggings, THE WORST.These shoes offcasted for weeks and smelled like gasoline. Would not buy again.I loved this shoe was so cute but the zipper was way to hard to zip felt like I was about to break it and also was a little tight. Had to return it unfortunately.These pants are bargain basement quality - the inseam on one leg was crooked so the pant leg did not hang straight.
The fabric is not what I'm used to from The North Face, no body to them at all, more like pajama material and certainly not something I would
wear out in public. Returned.Stones fell out in a week.This fabric in this shirt is thinner than wet tissue paper.  It looks much more solid in the picture.  You absolutely couldn't wear this without something under it unless you wanted to get arrested for indecent exposure.  Picture is very deceiving.I have these shoes and loved them. I had hoped to replace them with an exact match like shown in the pic. This version actually arrived with black buckles and zipper and heel (instead of dark wood grain) so they don't pop as much as in the picture.Wore it twice and it broke. Cheap product. Save your money, don't get it.After the first time I washed this outfit, the blouse was too big for my daughter and the pant to small.I ordered a size up and it was still WAY too small for my son. He got one wear out it and that's itWay too small for a largePurchased for my 3 yo daughter for Halloween.  She is of slight build.  This costume had a horrible fit.  Not meant for anything past 2T.  The sizing stated 2T-4T.  She could not wear it nor could she walk in it, in particular poor design with the tail in front.  I would not recommend.Great fit, started squeezing after a few weeks of wear. Have purchased these many times before and never had this problem. Exchanged them and the same thing happened with the new ones. Feeling frustrated, had to change to more expensive Exeter model.Made with poor quality. The robe started falling apart at the seems after a few washes. It was a Christmas gift for my husband. I was so disappointed after he showed me the shreds it was becoming.  The ends were literally strings hanging. He had his previous Ralph Lauren robe for more than 5 years and we never had an issue. Not worth my time. I've since purchased a terry cloth robe from Restoration Hardware and it's a nice heavy duty. Still trying to get a refund on this one...They have no cushion in the sole.  Very uncomfortableAlthough it looked like the picture, the material was very thin, making it very unrealistic for a Colorado skiing trip!Bought size up and still way too tight.Narrower than expected so cannot use orthotics as well as the lovely gel insoles. I won't buy this brand again.too smallThis product is advertised as being XL.  It is not unless you count that it's more stretchy than some socks.  It unstretched length is medium sized.  Since I bought these especially because they were the hard-to-find XL, I was disappointedNot what pictured. Wife did not like it.Very bad!Runs small by 1-2 sizesThis is the third pair of Cole Haan shoes that I have returned for replacement! The other shoes (different styles) both had quality control problems in terms of product defects slipping through the quality control check station at the factory, if indeed there actually exists a Quality Control checkpoint at the factory that makes these shoes for Cole Haan. I love the style of these shoes, but I cannot abide defects in products, especially given the high cost of merchandise these days. Cole Haan is a pricey name brand so they should be a lot more vigilant about products shipped in their name! So what was the problem this time? The inner top aspect of the left shoe was cut too high so that the inner top edge of the shoe rubs the inner aspect of my left ankle so badly that I cannot wear them! I hope the replacements do not have this problem. I'll update this review after I receive and have worn the replacements.

5/14/13 UPDATE:  I received the replacement shoes a few days ago and wore them today. WTH? Although there is no rubbing my ankle as with the previous pair, my feet are swimming in these, and they are supposedly the same size as the previous pair! Back they go!!Looks amazing on my finger but it has started changing color already so I probably would not buy it againI never did like wearing a regular form fitting bra. Now that I am older, in my 60's, I am looking for cool comfort but yet still something to hold me up. Which falls somewhere in between the category of a sports bra and a comfort bra. Expect what you pay for with this set. The straps are NOT adjustable, as someone noted. In fact I find that they are a little long (and will stretch out over time), even though the bra runs somewhat small. But my main dislike for this bra is that the material is heavy. And that just won't do.The double buckle does not hold the belt when adjusted around my waist. The belt keeps loosening and constantly needs to be readjusted. I've owned 2 double buckle belts in the past and was very happy with them but the slipping issue with this belt makes it a disappointment.Didnt realize it was a different product than I was looking for!All the seams leaked within the first week. Poorly made productLoved the fit and look of the boot. But I live in an area where salt is used when it snows.  The salt ate through the boot and left air holes. Do not recommend this boot if you live where salt is used.  Very disappointed. Wasted my money.These glasses were a mess! The packaging was brand new but the glasses looked like someone had been wearing them for year:(I was looking for a pleather look. It is more like thick latex.  Generally a medium, ordered XXL. SNUG SNUG SNUGThe size isn't the true size everything else I own in that size is fine these run small they should say suchMy 3-year old son loves to jump in puddles. The water splashes and enters the boot from the top somehow - probably because the boot is too wide. The boot has a cloth lining that-once it gets wet-stays wet for several days. I would have returned these boots had I not thrown away the box already. I ended up buying the kids' Crocs rainboots and we are much happier with them. They are not as wide and they can be wiped inside if needed (there is no cloth lining).All around too tight. Could hardly fit my feet into my usual size. Never had a problem with Naturalizer previously..These were a gift.  I found out that even being laundered in cold water wash, the hot pink, black and purple, all bled and ruined some other pieces of clothing in the same wash.  I was very upset hearing this occurred.Way too tight around calves. Had to wear as part of a Mardi Gras costume, ended up cutting them as half boots and hot glueing tops.If you have a wide foot, keep looking, i currently have a pair of DC Factory lites that i haven't been able to replace.  These are a solid half inch smaller in width than those factory lites.  They are also really strange in that the tung is all one piece so almost like a slip on shoeColor faded after a week
DisappointedNice shoe however, it was to narrow.  Unfortunately, it cost me 1/3 the price of the shoe to have it returned.  I will not order shoes online again.cut into my thighs - had to return.These slippers are basically junk and went to the Goodwill shortly after receiving them. They stink and kept off-gassing and the lining is some gross synthetic that doesn't feel good on my feet and made them sweat.These sports bras are NOT meant for anyone with medium to large breasts. If you wear a C cup or larger- do not buy. I fall out of the bottom.Didnt like the bow on the dress once it arrived. Looks smaller in pic. Passed this one on. Too frilly.The pack itself was good but the strap that goes around your waist super small I have a 29" waist and I couldn't buckle it..... that suckedBought 2 sizes larger but still very tight in belly area. Not sure if I should buy low back. Got refundI wore these shoes to the gym (powerlifting requires flat soles) no more than 4 times a week for 3 hours at a time.  After 9 months I was sliding the heal on and the seam ripped (on the opening, between the toe and heal, inside edge).

Guess I'll skip the lo top next time.The game lolLooked better in adThe look was nice but there was a sharp edge on them and cut my ear pretty badPretty flimsy, very thing plastic.I used to love this watch, and this company.  However, there customer support is horrible.
I am in the military, and for us, having a watch that keeps time accurate down to the second is life and death.  That being said, last month was the switch from Day Light Savings time, in the US.  I set my watch back, and then today I noticed that my watch was off.  Way off.  It was 30 seconds slow, in less than a month of time.  Half a minute is the difference between going home to your family, or ending up in a body bag.
When I called Customer care, all they said was, "It's not worth sending it in for only 30 seconds."  They also said that it's not covered anymore because the warranty expired 3 months ago.
I would think that for a precision time keeping piece, that part would be guaranteed for life.  Not so with this Non-American company.I purchased a 14" chain.  I did not get it.  What I got was a chain that was slightly under 13 and a half inches.  Will not purchase from this seller or recommend them.I'm going to be very blunt. This product is extremely poor quality. I had very high hopes, but after wearing once for five minutes, and washing once, it tore a four inch hole where the hood meets the left sleeve. My girlfriend is quite handy with needle and thread and repaired that hole. The very next day a three inch hole tore on the left side seam down the torso. I am extremely unhappy about this purchase. I really wanted this BATHROBE, AN ARTICLE OF CLOTHING THAT SHOULD BE ABLE TO STAND MORE THAN ONE WASH AND WEAR WITHOUT FALLING APART!! It does look cool, but the quality of construction is abhorrent. Expect only a couple of hours of useable life before it needs repairs. And I was not skydiving or mountain climbing in it, nor was I running through brambles or using it as a rope substitute in a tug-of-war contest, I was wearing around the house and sitting on the couch. And it just started to fall apart. DO NOT BUY!!! Here are a few pictures of the first hole.First wash and dry of this article the picture melted.

Tag says machine wash warm inside out.  Dry medium heat.  I followed the directions and the picture of the ninja picture broke apart/melted... I'm so bummed out :(I gave two stars because they are NOT good for actual exercise walking. I walk three miles per day five or six days a week. The first day walking in them they made my in-steps so sore that I could barely move my feet. I bought a good pair of arch support inserts and tried a second time. The inserts made them fit tighter which caused them to pinch along the edge of the ball of my right foot causing a blood blister. I gave up trying and went back to my old shoes. I've worn Ryka Relief rocker sole shoes for the past two/three years and loved them. Apparently Ryka has discontinued them. I have searched everywhere! The Ryka Radiant V 2 doesn't look too bad and may be fine for just walking around running errands, but they are definitely NOT for what I needed.Disappointed that I had to return these.  The straps were way too tight; made for narrow feet.  I do not have wide feet and I wear a medium width, but these were too tight.The quality of the sock is medium I guess. The strings of what it is made of fall out too easily and stick to all clothing that it comes into contact with. The first time I wore them, I could feel that the socks were not tightly knit, so it failed the job of keeping my feet warm.What is it with these Easy Spirit shoes being sized wrong (or at least different from what everyone else uses)?! This is the second pair I've ordered and, once again, my foot slid around inside the shoe. I REALLY wanted to like this shoe. It's so comfortable when you slip it on and the material of the shoe makes it really lightweight. The toe box is a little small, though, for my bunion but, otherwise, I really wanted to keep this shoe. Unfortunately, it wasn't 1/2 size off -- just a little. Enough that it would have caused blisters.I LOVE BOOTS.  So I bought all three colors.  Nine West shoes are always cut bigger ... I should have known better.  Especially on these the shaft was really high hitting my knee caps.Poor qualityIt's uniform grade fabric.  Very coarse, even for oxford weave.  Doesn't iron up well.comfy and nice was seam came apart before 30 days.I got these thinking they would fit as well and be as confortable as another braind that cost more.  I was wrong they just are not comfortable at all.Absolutely huge. Super wide and look so awkward as well as the fit. Dont bother with these!!Gave awayThe hat seemed fake. It was very thin material. This hat is huge. I am an adult and usually fit into average sized hats. I could fit all five fingers in between my head and the hat when it was on my head. Very, very big. I returned the hat and the buyer made me pay shipping. The shipping cost the same amount that I initially paid for the hat, so I was out some money. Do not buy unless it's for Halloween and you have a very large head.Badly mislabeled and somewhat high cut on the rear end.  The label says 36x31, but the inseam is actually for 32!  Material is much thinner than competition like Perry Ellis.  So surprised to see Haggar allows this kind of mislabeling and using less than superior material.COOL-LOOKING watch, but it is cheap and not worth $65! My son wore it and the bezel broke off THE FIRST DAY!! The instructions also aren't very clear, so we spent a great amount of time trying to figure out how to read the constellations.It is most certainly NOT waterproof. Good as a windbreaker but that's about it. Get the Odin.Ran too small, returned; didn't want to order again.I liked the color of the fabric but it also was too thin, enough to let me see my hand through the fabric.The fit is very much larger then expected.It fits perfect for the size. The reason for two star are: got wrong size and color on the first shipment. Second time got the right size and color but defective. Try to exchange for another try but only refund option available. Check the price to buy it again but the price is higher than original purchased. Disappointed.I don't normally give bad reviews but this time I have a good reason. The design on the T Shirt looks kinda weird, like it's fading, and it looks cheap  and bad quality.I went by the size chart (I'm currently a size 11 and got the size which suggests it fits between 12-14. It's way too small and I barely got it over my hips without the use of a shoehorn or crisco. The elastic is so tight around my chest and it gives me a wedgy in the back. (The back looks much worse than the front). The material is thin, so your underwear will show through the fabric. Forget trying to sit down, it would cut the circulation right out of your legs. The fabric pattern I received doesn't match the image other than being black and white. Disappointed.I guess I just don't get the style here, but these were some of the most uncomfortable, impractical shoes I've ever worn. You can't make them fit right, there isn't padding around the top, the sole is fashionable I guess but better not step on anything wet.NOT HAPPY WITH HEAD SOCKS. RUN SMALL AND EVEN SMALLER AFTER WASHING 2-3 TIMESThis shirt did not fit! Big disappointmentHUGE but seems well made. If you get a size that fits, you'll probably like them.I bought this and a smaller one for my wife as a Christmas present 2 years ago. She used the big one one time and the latches stopped closing properly. I returned it to the store I bought it from and they replaced it. She recently had a couple of trips she went on and is currently in Europe and she says the same thing is happening with the new one. She will have to buy a new bag for her trip home.

I don't know how they make these latches but I would avoid any of their bags that have them and instead go with zippers.Send backWay to smallDid not like this boots. I will send them back. If you buy them for a 12-13 yr old, than maybe it would work, but my 6 yr old daughter can not walk in this boots.  She also complains that they hurt her feet.I want to return it. and get a bigger size pleaseImage and description do not clearly warn that these are clown pants.  I am a size 36 waist and ordered two pairs.  The waist fit fine, but the pant legs were extremely baggy and looked ridiculous.  I am not a real skinny guy by any means and these looked ridiculous.  Do not be fooled by the image.  These should be labeled as baggy fit or relaxed fit and clearly marked.the leg length was a bit shorter than expected and the waist too big around.  The fabric was also thinner than I expected.These panties fit smaller than other brands I have purchased in the same size.  I ordered two packs on September 30th, didn't start using them until mid-October, and they are already falling apart around the waistband on several pairs.  Not impressed at all, and I won't buy these again.Nice looking but too small.This shoe is very heavyThere was no ankle support. After walking on uneven sidewalks for awhile, my calves and knees started to hurt. These boots are not good for stormy weather and walking in New York City, although when wading through puddles was unavoidable, they mostly kept the water out.These are so tiny! They're not really for adults also I don't see the diamond.  If it's there it must be dust.  Very disappointing.The wig fits small and is not combed like in the picture.hat not the size I expected at all ! way to small . sent it backThis watch has a really small face, and very short band. I have small wrists and I was nearing the end of the band...Not uncomfortable to wear, I just couldn't really see the time very well. Doesn't help that the watch face is black... altogether would not recommend.Great watch, I was really happy about this watch when I got it in the mail. Unfortunately I dropped it and the glass broke. Contacted the seller and will be hoping for the best. Will updatebig NO NO its so awful lookingTiny circumference. I weigh 100 pounds and it fits snug on me.its too large even small size is xxl.and color was not good. quality is not goodI bought these, because I wanted a back up for my other pair of Asics arm warmers.  Those are tight and stretchy and I love them.  These are  loose, and have a very very annoying silicon gripper on the top that is supposed to keep them up.  Well I wore them for a two mile run last week, and ended up with worn off skin and an open area on my arm, OW!!! I will only wear these if I need an extra layer OVER a long sleeve top.not great material.Hard to get on my wide foot toddler.I ordered wide calf and received medium, they did not fit.This shoe is so much shorter (1/2 inch) and narrower than my husbands other size 10's that he could not even get it on his foot.  We will be returning it promptly.There are obviously several different watches that have this name on the Amazon website. I wanted the one with the luminous dial face. The one I received did not have such a face and that wasn't made clear on your website. It would be very helpful for you to carry this watch with the full range of options.These socks get a low score because they're not very warm and after only 2 washings have stretched out and won't stay up.  They were oversized to begin with but stayed up at first.  I guess there's not enough elastic on the ankle.  These socks are disappointing and will soon be headed for the trash.don't remember ever getting it....Guys,  these are not waterproof!  Before even wearing them, run them under some water from the sink and watch how they get soaked in a split second. People that think they're waterproof must have worn them in very slight rain and not realized what actually happens when they're subjected to water.they look beautiful, but the second i tried them on, i knew they wouldn't work. they're extremely uncomfortable. the heels wobble. i cannot walk properly in them. they're slippery and painful. it's like there's something on the front pushing up against my toes, which is really uncomfortable. i couldn't even stand in these for an hour, let alone the length of a wedding. it's a shame too because there are so few options for women who need a W shoe size.After less than a month of ownership, a rivet failed. I had only used the rucksack a few times, and one of the straps that the main closure straps feed through came loose. It appears that the rivet was originally put in place at an angle, making it a weak connection. I understand that things like this could happen in production, and I would have simply knocked a single star off if Fjallraven fixed the situation.

First, I sent a message explaining the situation to Fjallraven using the contact form on their website. No Response. 2 weeks later I sent an email to the address listed on their contact page. It has been 10 days since I sent this email and there has still been no response.

I'm now stuck with an expensive bag that I'm going to have to get fixed myself, which will result in ugly evidence of repair since the rivets are marked with the Fjallraven name, and a new one won't be.

A complete waste of my money.They're comfortable, I'll give them that. I wait tables, so this was the set of Croc's that made sense to buy. The grip is on point. You can't fall in these things unless you tried to. There is a very, very, very big problem with these things though- and my fellow servers can corroborate this point with me: your feet cannot and will not breathe in these things. In less than two hours, your feet will be soaking wet, no matter what kind of socks you wear. I have to bring an extra set of socks to work sometimes when I know I'm working a double shift, otherwise I come home to destroyed feet. I'm thinking about drilling holes in these things, because I've already paid for them.I honestly don't know how these got ANY 5 star ratings. While they are probably the prettiest shoe I've ever bought, they are THEE most painful shoe I've ever worn.
These aren't "my feet were sore by the end of the night" shoes. I bought these for a wedding and had to take them off about 5 minutes in. But since they were for a wedding, I had to force myself to wear them for a good portion of the night and my toes were still tingling over a week later. I'm pretty sure they did nerve damage.
I normally wear a size 9 but get 8.5 in shoes that I don't wear socks with. I probably should've gone with a 9 in these (or just avoided them all together, really). The toe strap is so tight and though they seem sturdy and well made, they are ridiculously uncomfortable/painful.
Also, the blush color on amazon shoes more of a taupe and they are really more nude. It's a very pretty color.
I am a big Steve Madden fan (have and love tons of their boots) but I would not recommend these at all unless you like pain. Seriously, the worst.Doesn't stay snapped.It's Not like in the pictureEnded up returning this...bought my husband one from TJ max instead and he liked it so much with great quality!They didn't fit right, they were short even though I ordered the next size up. The straps are pretty flimsy, and weren't tight when I ordered them, sandals should stretch over time, not come stretched out.did not like styleSmaller than older from this brandI had such high hopes for this vest and it is So cheaply made....it sheds on everything.  I have a few other real fur vests that are made well and don't shed at all.  This is poorly made; stitched together without a lining to hold the fur....so it sheds everywhere!Hey, I am wondering is this a Fake Koolaurra or an authentic? Cuz somebody said the materials is kind of different! Is there anything that you can proof it is authentic?Fit me really oddly compared to others not flattering or comfortable for me.It barely closed in the back, yet the dress was too long. I had to go up to a size 12 to get it to close, but that size did not work for my height. I was also disappointed that some of the jewels were loose and/or falling off upon arrival. Didn't wear it for the event - will be returning.It's a very cute top. Mine came with a lining on the front side so it's not see through as shown in on one of the photos. It's just the back that is sheer without lining. However. One of the pulls toward getting this top was the cute button in the front. Mine arrived without a button or one even that had fallen off in the packaging. That being said, you get what you pay more for. The price is fair. Bummer it didn't even come with a back up button. It still looks good and I'll sew in my own button.look cheap do not recommend.Well made. Bigger than expected all over. Flat. Was not very plush inside. Looks cute. Quality materials.Buckle broke immediately on first wear.The set looks very cheap, I ended up returning it.Crap bought these for Velcro adjustable. The Velcro is junk and very small so can not make tighterIt might be a good bra, but I ordered a larger size as suggested by other reviewers and it was WAY too big. I have returned it but Haven't decided if I will reorder?!?
The hunt continues for a supportive(I'm a 36G) non underwire nursing bra These were WAY to large for my face/ head, but nice color. Would have been great if they fit!  This size is probably  most appropriate for a man, or those with beautiful, broader faces.Huge- stiff. Not a great match to the photoThe helmet was loose in the packaging and came looking as if it had wear and tear on it. Part of the paint had been rubbed/scratched off. The shoulder pads are barely sewn onto the costume and flap around a lot. Sent it back for a refund. Was not impressed.fake diamondthey say that runs a little bit more than the normal siza. Its no true.Cheap quality and colors were not true to picture. The embellishment was terrible. Very cheap plastic. I ripped that off right away.I'm an elderly man, and these are not as comfortable as my "old Friend" slippers are,but the old friend slippers are not made that well eather. So I will be looking for a new brand next time.Bought men shoes and received women shoes. Request an exchange in the correct gender and ended up with women shoes one more time.
Nice quality. Too bad for the gender mistake.I didn't like it at all once I seen it on my girlfriends finger, it sure didn't look like the picture , I wish I had never bought itExpected typical cotton crew socks. 90% Cotton or more. They aren't.
Putting them on, they feel like an (uncomfortable) blend like in many dress socks.
Taking them immediately off and reading what they are made of, they are such a blend.
Here's the breakdown from the label:
68% Cotton
25% Polyester
5% Natural Latex Rubber
1% Spandex
1% Cotton

They may be comfortable/breathable/ideal for some. Not for me.runs extremely small - nice looking thoughheadband broke can not useIt dosen't fit goodLooks more kids toy, too small and not strong, I waste my money.blouse came broken , has a hole.I received and it broke in the same day. Didn't even use the little screw tighter just hands when it broke. Cheap cast not steel like I've seen others.It has no stretch to it, and I was confused by how the sizing works. One thing is on the  tag, but it's not in correlation with the US size.I was so happy to have found a classic, reasonably priced women's watch and then so disappointed to notice that the crystal had broken less than 60 days after having gotten the watch.  Without the warranty and paperwork, I am unable to return this to the manufacturer and am past the 30 day amazon window.  Money I don't have, down the drain.Size said 0-6 months,, shoe measured 6-9? Very weird not recommendedBoots have not lasted at all heels are already worn. Not very comfortable boots.  For the price these boots you'd think you'd get a comfortable long lasting boot but that isn't the case at all.Cute design, but these are NOT a medium.  They ate a narrow, and I figured This out too late to return.  Out $40!!!!!It's very thin and weak and bent when I was trying it on. If I actually wear it, I'm afraid it will break.The crocs I viewed on Amazon website were made in China, which is what I wanted. The crocs I received are made in Mexico and are too small, even though they are suppose to be same size as the pair I have that is made in China.Although a GORGEOUS ring..truly awesome..but..it's not true to size. Had to wrap a string around it to fit otherwise too small for other fingers..huge disappointment!Entirely to loose fitting, i threw it away the second day i owned itI have owned many sunglasses over the years and I have always been somewhat mystified as to the wide disparity in pricing between the 'name brand' glasses and the lesser-known varieties. These Chinese-made glasses LOOK beautiful and the quality seems good. The nose piece looks a bit flimsy but on the whole the glasses look pretty solid and durable. Another gripe is that they don't wrap very well around your face; there is too big a gap between your cheek and the outer edges of the lenses when you are wearing them. But those are minor quibbles compared to the MAJOR PROBLEM: you need to be aware that you cannot adequately see out of these glasses!! They are ridiculously dark. It's almost comical; the sellers claim they are polarized, but this goes way beyond polarized. I cannot believe that they employed the proper method of polarization in the manufacturing process. No, it seems more like they baked the inside of the lenses with an India ink solution. No doubt the sun will be blocked out, but EVERYTHING ELSE WILL TOO! You could probably wear them at the beach, but then it would be tougher to see the things you want to see, like the water, the sky, the girls, the sand, the refreshment stand, etc.. Or you could wear them in situations where you wanted to look kind of cool, but which did not require the ability to see. I would NEVER wear them to drive; that would actually be dangerous.
I bought the green pair also, but I've also requested a refund, even though I've not yet received the glasses, because I assume that the exaggerated dark vision will be present in those as well.Not only did it take a long time to get here, but the print is much smaller than the picture and is not great quality. Been a gorillaz fan my whole life and this is disappointing.Would have been a good pair of shorts, however, after just a month, they are now useless. One of the fasteners for the belt is not even permanently attached (just looped through) and came off and is lost. Serious design flaw!I always wear a size 6 FitFlop. I tried on a 5 in a store in Las Vegas and they were too small. Then I ordered a 6 from Amazon and they were too
loose across the top, so I returned them. This means the style "Crystall" are just not for me. The top of the shoe cannot be adjusted and they don't
come in half sizes. I just love FitFlops and I have about 30 pair, so I will keep buying them, except the style "Crystall." Also, the top part of the shoe
was stiff and uncomfortable. Sorry.Cheap outfit, not as picturedI purchased this slip to go under a very sheer baptism dress for my 6 year old. You can see right through the slip and it made no difference under the dress.It's cool looking but very poor material. I've only worn it twice but it will obviously fall apart soon. Bummahs!I did wear them twice and it toreThese shoes run small.The glasses are a Jr size, and is a little deceptive in its description.I was really excited about these boots, but the first day I wore them, the synthetic covering on the heel scraped off. I wore them gently for 8 hours at the office, and they look like I was mountain climbing through rough terrain. While I love the design, I'm very disappointed that they are not better made. I would not buy this brand again.Should have fleece throughout but only small patch at back.rubbing is terrible. Runs big 1/2 a size.This purse showed up Dark Blue with Gold metal pieces. It was so cheap looking I couldn't push the Return icon fast enough..I DIDN'T BUY THIS WATCH ON AMAZON, BUT I WAS GIVEN ONE AS A GIFT.  THE HARD PLASTIC BAND IS CHEAPLY MADE.  IT WAS DIFFICULT TO BUCKLE RIGHT FROM DAY ONE BECAUSE IT'S NOT VERY FLEXIBLE.  AND THEN THE ADJUSTABLE HOLES IN THE BAND STARTED CRACKING. A LOCAL JEWELER TOLD ME THAT HE COULDN'T REPLACE THE BAND WITH A REGULAR ONE DUE TO HOW THE COMPANY MADE THE CONNECTION FOR THE BAND.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  I'VE HAD IT ONLY SINCE OCT OF 2011, SO I'VE WORN IT JUST A BIT LONGER THAN 3 MONTHS.  NOW IT JUST SITS IN A DRAWER.These were exact model as one I purchased the year before in a shoe store.  When these came they looked great and fit, however, there was no cushion.  It was sort of like they were played-out like a shoe that is already seen a year of cushion/support wear.Much smaller than shown in the picture . Not attractive looks more like a coin purse .I bought these sandals for a vacation in July and as soon as I put the left sandal on the buckle broke immediately. Cheap and made poorly. I then missed the return date. Very disappointed and will never shop for sandals on Amazon againSuper heavy. I returned them.Helmet did not have an adjustable strap and did not stay on his headBoots have a strong rubber smell.I'm not very pleased with this product. It doesn't look as nice as it does in the picture. I'm 19 and wanted something classy but cute to sleep in. This resembles something my grandmother sleeps in. In addition, it came with a lot of strings hanging off of it. It's also much too big. I ordered a medium and it looks huge. But I fear a small would've been too small. Material is also very thin so if you live with kids or anyone other than your significant other you'd need to cover up before going outside of your bedroom.  It's not worth going through the hassle of returning it but I'd suggest looking into other more expensive options. You get what you pay for.It looks good but it is the wrong size, waste of time.......................Had to sent it back, I really was looking forward to wear it!Not what I expected. ..very deceiving. ..disappointed.When I hear Levi Strauss jeans, I expect stunning pair of pants.  That just did not happen with this pair.  First of all, pants are too large.  It is kind of ironic that they are advertised as tummy tuck pants because they are so large, it is impossible to tuck it in if you are this size (which luckily I am not).  Color is a off bit off and the design embroidery on the pockets is not my cup of tea.  Anyway, this pair of pants is just a mistake.  I should have never ordered it.the XXL is like an American Schmedium.
Do not purchase if you aren't a small humanThe calculator button was broken.I do not like the fit.  It's small on some areas and too large on other areas.  The neck area is much too loose.  Not worth the price I paid for the sweater.I did not receive my sunglasses!!!!! only the case!!!!!These shoes gap around middle of the foot, should have listened to the other reviewers who said the same thing. I'm returning. These shoes aren't for me.Trying to use them even they are way too big.Wasn't a huge fan as the layout of the bracelet is not completely accurate to the picture. The fabric doesn't rest on your wrist.These pants run super smallVery poorly made...tags on the outside, images not centered and the front and back were reversed making for an odd fit since the front was higher than the back.  The material is absorbant and prevents puddles, so I am using them during potty training anyway.Small,  need 7.5 womensVery small.They were not wide legged in my opinion. And way too pricey for the material. Should have listened to the other reviews!Sweater was fine but it had noticibly been worn and some of the white was discolored. There was also pilling on the sweater which normally happens after it's been worn a few times. I returned it due to this.Sole and heel caved in within weeksPocket zipper broke quickly- annoyingCrappiest t-shirts I've ever bought.  Stitching is coming undone after a couple of washes.Product is nice & warm, however giving it a one star because of durability. After 8 weeks the tops showed serious wear even holes. For the cost I would recommend the Haflinger clog same boiled wool with a cork foot bed spend the extra money you won't be sorry, and leave the scuffs/slippers under the bed.Bad productThis is not flattering at all. Fits and looks like a moo moo when you get it. NO women wants to look frumpy and like shes wearing a sheet. And for the price..a complete wasteI have had this exact bathing suit before and the material was thicker and stretchier. I wore it for YEARS and finally wore it out in the seat area. I bought this one to replace it, but it fit too snugly and the material was thinner, stiffer, cheaper, AND it cost twice as much as my original one had cost me a few years ago. By the time I had my return processed, the price had gone up even higher and they were out of my size in every color! I cried for 2 days!!! This was my favorite bathing suit for the 5-6 years since my daughter was born. :( I was willing to pay the jacked up price, even for the cheaper material, but obviously it has to fit and be the right color at least! Sad.I love the look of these socks and they grip well in my pilates class, but after only a few wears holes have formed in both socks at the big toe.super disappointed!Super thin I can get better ones for 3 dollars less at my local Walmart. Length was fine but they were WAAAAY to thin for my tasteComfortable shirt, sized correctly. But after about 6 or 7 washings the screenprinting started flaking off - massively. Now flakes fall with any movement.This is super thin. And I had to expand the neck because my daughter couldn't get it to velcro. That part would not have even fir around her wrist it was so tiny.The shoes were one to one and a half sizes too small. Shame they can't be worn.Received item was all wet inside legs. Like it sat in a tub of eater.  Smelled like mildew. Washed leggings and then they were okBad qualityLooked great until it began to tear. Bought it for my daughter to wear during a play. It didn't hold up and we had to painfully remove between shows.Shipment was quite fast, beautiful shirt, my husband loves it, although we washed by hands and the tshirt ripped :( ,i looks nice but poor quality32 degrees and sunny in Minnesota and these gloves still can't keep my fingers warm.I returned these~fit really strange! Super short legs and I am 5'4". The crotch hangs down and I felt like I would be pulling these up all the time.I wear a 10.5 normally, very narrow feet so sometimes I can get away with a 10.  11s usually require an insole so they fit right.  I got these in size 11  and with normal socks on (not heavy ones you'd expect to wear in the winter) my toe was right at the end.  I've never had an 11 be too small. Have to return them now - :(Cute book sack my son loved. Problem was a week into having it one of the straps broke off. The flip flops' foam sole where the thong is located has broken. My son had the pair of flip flops for 2 weeks!To bigbad quality... looks so cheap!Buyer beware!  This costume is cheaply made.  The head band has sloppy hot glue showing.  It is like the material was not pushed into the glue.  Then there are spots of glue visible on the front of one of the ears and on the headband top.  The fur around the neck was detached when I opened the package.  The fur trim around the neck, wrists, and ankles is only attached by a small stitch in a couple of spots.  Overall, I do not recommend this product.Super cute, but horrible quality. The straps broke off the wings when we were putting it on the first time. The wand broke within 15 minutes. The skirt was dropping little stars all over the house. It was cute, but didn't even last from putting it on to heading out the door for trick or treating.Too orange, small, did not like the quality . Looks like a scarf I could had bought at a dollar store.problem isn't the fit.  They started to fall apart within two weeks of wearing them.  The glue at the toe separated.Cheap product. Design is off. I've been asking them over and over for a refund and they kept on playing games. It's been a about a month now. . .brake easyI bought it in paprika color. The color is beautiful. Very comfortable fabric. However, the workmanship is awful. If you are not seamstress do not buy it. The front insert part looked like it was intended for different size. I had to redo the front insert part completely. If I was not able to redo it, I would have to return it.The dress was labeled as one size fits all.  I am not small person but not tiny either.  My size ranges between 8-11 depending on the brand.  This dress is to small.Kind of tarnished when I got itI wear a 9 1/2 bought them a size bigger. .they are a bit tightthe description stated that they ran large but that is the biggest understatement ever! i wear a size 3-5 in pants and i ordered an extra small in these scrubs and they can fit me like an extra large, i can fit my whole lower body in one pants leg! way to big to be worn comfortably.Ordered these based off then photo--wasn't expecting  them to be huge or anything but these are extremely tiny.  I mean tiny.  I probably should have known from.the description but I don't buy jewelry often, which I think they they are counting on.First received this product it was beautiful but after one month all the stones in the ring band has fallen out and 4 out of the band.The metal part broke off in less than a week of normal usageI received the Maxi dress and I have to say Im not impressed at all. I followed the size chart and checked reviews and ordered 1 size up. I am 5"9 and 160 lbs, Nope thats a no go, still way to small and can not get it over the top part of my boobs.. This dress actually got stuck on me and I had to have help to get out of it!

The Fabric is very thin and see though ish. The color does not show up as gray like posted on amazon to me it looks like a light pink. This dress has no give what so ever. I don't know where the stretch went but it sure the heck is not in mine. This will cost to much in postage and time for me to send back so, the back of my closet it will go maybe I can find a friend that will fit into this.It was unbelievably huge. At least a full inch out from the wrist. I bought it because I was so pleased with my Invicta silver dive watch's appearance, affordability and price. I bought this one to have a gold alternative. I'm sure this watch would have worked well. I returned it and going to find the gold version of the Invicta I have instead.I look absolutely atrocious in this. The matieral is light and airy and settles in every roll that I have... emphasizing all my back fat rolls while it's super loose in the front. Weird. The fit + thin material are super unflattering unless you are going for that "30 lbs heavier" or "box shaped body" type of look. If you have large boobs do yourself a favor and do not buy this. It's not for us lol.They're cute, they were delivered apparently but never actually received them. ):.Way too small and horribly uncomfortable. My breasts were still visible at the top, and it worked more like a sports bra. It was hard to breathe, and I woke it for about five minutes and it still left marks.It sags in the stomach, and I don't have a super tiny waist, and the floral top looks so cheap. I regifted it to my sister so she can add a belt and cut it up for her raves or something.I bought these because I am a taller girl and trying to find affordable women's hiking pants with the length I need is such a pain. Unfortunately, these did not fit my legs, although the length was good (I'm 5'8). It was very tight across my thighs and very uncomfortably tight stretched across the crotch. I also didn't care for the material: the polyester is very noisy and has a distinct plastic feel. While it's definitely waterproof, I don't think I could stand to listen to that sound for an entire hike or camping trip.The largest pair of  jeans I ever expected . Maybe they shrink in the wash machine and dryer . I sold them to a friend of mine .. The fabric is very soft though I wish it would have worked out .Not attractive.  Husband doesn't like it either.  I threatened to wear it on Halloween and go to the party as an eggplant, because it's such a joke to wear.  It's pretty flimsy material too.  if you are grossly obese it would probably be something you'd want in your wardrobe, but otherwise, pass on it.
It's not a dress, it's a sack.Too big for my face !loved it when i saw it but it only lasted me about two weeks of school  nd my bag was the lightest of all and it tore up the locks are horrible lost that in the first week of school i love winnie the pooh but don't recomend this productI got this as a gift for my mother, who is always eyeing my purse similar to this one, so I bought it.  The handles have VERY sharp metal and I am worried she will cut herself when she uses it.  Extremely poorly made.  The purse is stiff also.i would size down if you get these. I ordered a size 9 and they are a size 10 feeling when you put them onI worked retail long enough to know that clothes have an odor right out of the shipping package. This isn't that kind of smell... these have a very strong offensive chemical smell (even after multiple washes) that gets even more noticeable as you wear them. Other than that, they are super comfy and fit great. I will still wear them around the house because they are so warm and comfy, but I would be too self conscious of the bad smell to wear them out.I generally wear a 9 or 9.5 depending on the shoe and ordered a 10 in these boots.  They were about one size too small.  I am returning them.  Otherwise, I thought they would have worked perfectly.Smells like plastic. Weird sizingLove the style but not true to size and the part around the heel is too big of a ridge. Uncomfortable!doesnt work!Description says if shipped from China it's fake well your right because ur shipping from China and the shirt advertised is not what ull get it's sized small and the graphic on it is half the size of originalThey was to small around some of my calf and I had to keep pulling them up the cover over the bottom of my feet came off the same day I wore themThe costume size runs very small, I purchased for my 6 year old and it doesn't fit my 4 year old.  The headband is also very hard plastic that is cheaply made and both my girls said it was too sharp and hurt their heads, so the only part of the costume we can use is the wings and wand.  I'd easily advise against this costume.It may be lightweight but it feels like a squeeze is going on.  Couldn't wait to remove them. As for the cushioned sole, there's little  of it.  I'm still looking for a shoe that's comparable to Reebok's great DMX Max.Terrible quality. It broke on the second day I used it!Nice shirt but not a true 34/35 sleeve length. Its rather short. Sent it back.My 20month old daughter wore this on a 20 min drive home and they broke. They are not "unbreakable" as advertised.  How do we get a refund or replacement?It looks and feels okay, but you can not wear these shoes for more than a couple of hours - I got these for a trip I was making and these shoes hurt my feet so badly that I couldn't walk for a day and a half - very disappointed in Teva.Zipper broke after 2 days (did not overfill it, nothing bulky, nothing heavy)After getting this I was really excited to try them out, only to find out that only the white, yellow and pink glow in the dark(barely). The others don't. It's cute it you was a semi transparent tongue ring, but not for glowing.COMPLETELY FAKE!!!!!!! AND NOW I HAVE NO WAY OF RETURNING IT BECAUSE I DON'T LIVE IN THE STATES. COMPLETE FRAUD! YOU CAN EASILY TELL THAT IT'S A FAKE... NOT EVEN LEATHER... SUPER UPSET... DON'T BUY IT!!!!!!The ankle support is so severe that it forces you to walk stiffly but would be ok for shifting.These were so small I couldn't even dream of getting them buttoned. I have other pairs of dickies that are the same size and fit but these were ridiculously small. Besides that fact that I already go two sizes up for this brand.Ones star for being shoes  Other than that not good  $80 for very poorly made and flimsy shoes  They should have been around $25-30  My fault for buying sight unseen I realize but Nike has seriously become the Kmart of shoe/athletic productsOnly because I'm required to give a star. They're waaaay too tight and they don't adjust.Runs smallI like the size, its nice and small just like I wanted. The COLOR however I would never consider PINK, any kind of pink. Its an odd. almost neon violet. I can't even describe it. I thought of ordering red, I should have. Other than the color being way off, I like the wallet. Fast shipping too!Does NOT LOOK like picture one bitThis is my 3rd pair of Orthaheel shoes.  I was stunned by how terrible these were!  (I love my others).  First of all, these shoes are absurdly heavy, twice the weight of my larger tennis shoes, and they're extremely wide, so they do nothing but flop around on my foot.  Seriously, it's like walking around with a wooden shoe on!  I could wear 2 pairs of thick socks, I suppose, but the weight and cut of the shoe is so terrible, I won't even wear them around the house!  The worst part is the hard, tight cuff around the back of the shoe which digs (rub doesn't even begin to describe it) the back of my heel, where the achilles tendon attaches.  If I had actually worn these for 5 minutes, I have no doubt an injury (blister is too gentle a word) would have formed.  Terrible!  Save your money... there's a reason they've been discontinued by the company and are on sale!If it was worth the hassle I would have returned. It smelled awful when opened it I had to put dryer sheets in it for a few days to get out the stank. Also it is a matte finish not shiny. Plus the box had a small nick on it as well.It's a little short and the sleeves are way too shortI had ordered a 3X-tall pocket tee from Key before, and the collar was chokingly too tight, so when I went to order  this 2X-tall Henley, I figured I could leave a button unbuttoned and it would be fine

Silly me.

The collar on this shirt is way too big for a 2X, as big as their 4X-Tall tees that I use as nightshirts. Even fully buttoned up, it sags in the front a good two inches, exposing the white V-neck undershirt I wear.

To add insult to injury, besides the ugly black tag on the pocket that I knew I'd be getting, Key has now taken to printing their logo on the back of the shirt, below the collar ON THE OUTSIDE OF THE SHIRT.

This is the last time I buy a Key product. It's going back.

It's a shame, because the fabric they use is as good as I can get these days. Too bad they have screwed up every other aspect of the product.These shoes are beautiful and sexy, but buy a box of bandaids until you break them in! The material is VERY stiff and the first several times you wear them, expect blisters on your large toe and ankles! Not a good shoe for wearing all day! If you can get them to the point where they are broken-in, they are really adorable and you'll get lots of compliments!I would give NO stars, but it makes you give at least one. Wrong item delivered. Supposed to be a bat, and I got a pirate head. So now I get to try and figure out how to return this and actually get what I paid for. It even has the right label on the WRONG thing.Liked the product but they were not true to size at allWhen one buys med couture, you are paying for the brand and with the price should come quality.  The first time I wore this, the iron on med couture labels literally peeled off the jacket.Product was good but the necklace was crap. Wore it two days and it broke.Cheep look and bad taste, in picture is ok. But in my hands NOT!The right boot was smaller than the left.  Wider than other medium boots I have. Very disappointed that the boots are made in China(per tag on the inside of boot).  I thought they were made in the US. I would not order Propet shoes again.The inseam was actually 31" not 30" so I had to pay to have them altered.too large on the top and very uncomfortableNot what I Expected.I bought this as a present for my sister, and it looks absolutely NOTHING like the images.  The colour is faded and gross-looking.  I ordered the Navy, and expected nice bold colours like the image implies, but it came as a dingy brown/gold.  I would never wear it, and I'm hesitant to even give it to her as a present...Looked so cute but could not figure out how to wear it, the fabric is thin and I saw the same thing on another website for $7...which is still too much for this thing. I returned it.When i received these i thought they would be more colorful they were mostly black i was diappointed as the picture shows most of them with color and two of them were broken.I wear this as a house gown only. It is very short and a weird material. Not worth returning. Comfortable enough to lounge in though.The first time I washed it and did not even dry it, the clamps fell apart and is now I cannot wear again.Runs WAY small!fragile strapMy wife ordered a 2x and when this item arrived it just nearly fit my ten year old granddaughter.
Biggest disappointment yet!Way too small. Returned it.battery outThis is not a demi cup... It has way more coverage than a demi cup.These shoes are not true to size . Could not return them and gave them to charity. Dont waste your money!!!I bought this thinking it was the official hat from the makers of Pillow Pets.
It is not. It is not very thick or warm. I'm a 28 year old male and the hat is a little big on me. I will be much to big for the average child.Love the style of the dress and material but I thought I had ordered a small but it was a large.... Even the receipt said small. It was a large. A friend of mine was there when I opened it, she liked it and it fit her perfect. No needless to say I don't have this dress:(Gave them to my daughter she love them....Snap on product broke after opening less than a hand full of times. Seller refused to refund or replace it.When this package came, it was sealed but there was nothing in the package. Paid $7 for nothing to show up.This is a fine (high-quality) hat... but it's a child's hat. The description makes it sound like an adult size.The actual underwear received does not match the photo on the listing.Pants were ripped (Dickies Women's Relaxed Straight Stretch Twill Pant ) see attached photo below!These shoes lasted about 6 months and lost all their support.Way too big!! Ginormous on the ol' face!  I've had Von Zipper glasses before but these were just terrible.  Felt cheaply made too. Returned within seconds!We actually ordered one size larger than normal. My dad couldn't even button it all the way it was so tight. Rather than go through the trouble of returning this we ended up donating these shirts to our local church.For $20, that's what I was expecting. The painting is really bad and the rubber is not of good quality, but you can totally look like Bane. The only problem is that the mask is too big (huge, actually). The child's version fits mostly all adult heads. The shipment service was excelent! I live in Brazil and the package arrived within 6 days.I'm glad I did not pay full price for this costume. I paid around $35 when normally it costs $70+. The corset does not fit well in the hips/butt area. I ordered the XL. I'm 5'4", 175 lbs and fairly curvy. The trouble with this corset is the snap in the crotch. The corset fits tight across the hips and so you cannot pull it down far enough to snap the snaps in the crotch. I tried keeping it snapped and then putting it on and it worked for about 10 minutes until it unsnapped while I was just walking. The snap area in the crotch needs to be longer so I extended it by sewing it.

There is a side zipper which is a nice feature for taking it off, but while I was putting it on for the third time the zipper broke half way up leaving me stuck in the corset for 15 minutes while my dancing partners tried to unzip it and then re-zip it together. It did re-zip together successfully after breaking.

The cuffs and bow tie are made of a satin material and are very comfortable but not very structured at all. One might expect and nice set of cuffs and collar to be a little stiff and hold their structure.

The ears are probably the lowest quality piece of the whole thing. The front looks good but the back of the ears is a very rough and poor quality fabric that is very obvious to anyone standing behind you. If it's just for a Halloween party I'd say its nice enough but if you're looking for a good quality bunny costume this isn't it. Bad fit, not good enough quality for the price.the heels were cute the only problem was they sent the wrong size and did not even have my size but i have these in black and they are great!The 3xl I ordered fits my chest and gut fine but it's like it has the same sleeve diameter as a xl.  I literally cant move my arms without getting pinched and or bound up.the coloring in this shirt washes out (luke warm water), and stains the rest of the clothes in the laundry.Color is terribly off from the photograph. Far too light. I didn't even try it on. Waste of my time.worst sketchers ever!  Look very cute, however, one shoe felt bigger than the other.  Created blisters from where the stitching was knotted.Had to return this - while have bought tons of Champion bras, as some other posters mentioned, fits way too tight around the band.  Where's the consistency Champion.  Will continue the quest for a good underwire sports bra...Not happy with these boots!  They are very flimsy, thin material and was size 8 but really more like size 9-10. Kept them for a gift for my daughter's friend, who is size 9 & they are a little too big for her!  Very unhappy that it would cost more money to return them than they were worth.I got the watch today and the clasp didn't feel right and it broke already. I love relics so I am a little disappointed that it broke already.Advertised as a wide. It is not. Sizing information confusing.Unfortunately, the earrings fell apart as soon as my daughter put them on.  I would not recommend purchasing this for dress-up/play.The stone in the ring is very dark and the entire ring looks very cheap.  It does not look nearly as nice as the picture.  I would love to wear the ring that is being shown.  The ring I received, the sapphire is so dark it looks black.  There is absolutely no shine in or and the ring has no sparkle whats so ever.  I am sending back.Very cheaply made.. doesnt fit right at all...Too smallThe dress was too large,  the jacket was not the same size as the dress.  It was much smallerPretty colors but the texture is kind of rough and the fabric snags easily.The shoe is high quality and I love the look. All the Keen's I've purchased always have a great feel and just the right arch support and these are no exception. I walk all day so I put shoes to the test. The problem is the front of the inserts suck. At the point where your toes start there is a little hump that is ment to provide comfort and support and it does just the opposite. It makes me feel like my sock is bunched up, and the longer the day wears on the worse it feels. I just bought some cheap drug store inserts and they feel a hundred times better then the Keen ones, however they have very little arch support so now I have to drop more money for a better insert. VERY disappointing to drop this kind of money on a shoe that makes my feet uncomfortable and even started to hurt my toes.These were huge! Good Lord. I was embarrassed to wear them. Who does the sizing for  dickies anyway? Fire them.Awful, just awful. The only thing water resistant is the stainless back. Neither movement worked. Hands were loose on the bottom movement. Upon removing the back, one battery was not installed and it had rust on it.My son purchased these shoes 7-1-13 to have for college.  He wore them once, and a rubber tread on bottom came loose.  We should have returned them at that time.  Instead, since school was starting soon, we took them to a shoe repair shop and had it glued back.  Now at college, he wore them for the first time, and now several of the treads have come loose. I wanted to return them but now it's too late.  I just wish he would have worn them more before he started college, so we could have seen what poor quality they are. It's too bad, because these were comfortable and he liked the way they looked he got the black ones). But to only last for two wearings,definitely not worth it. Very surprising, because we have bought lots of Puma soccer shoes over the years, and they held up pretty well.The 2 front panels of the dome are reinforced with a stiff backing material that holds the dome in an odd, unflattering position.  I appreciated the slit in the back to tuck-in the "tail" of the adjustment strap.This coverup was pretty much a shirt not a dressMaterial to thin snags easily and does not hold its shape. The color is great what I was looking forThey fit ok long as I wear socks with them. Now I know why they were only 13 bucks.Arrived with a hole.NOT soft. I only got one piece of cheap cloth. Total waste of money.I tried walking a few blocks on my lunch hour and my feet hurt because there isn't any support in these shoes even though it was advertised with an ortholite insert.  I would not purchase these again.  I am disappointed as I have purchased other Clark shoes and have loved them.  If I am just sitting around at my desk or at home, they are comfortable.Cheap looking. But what could I expect for only .99 cents?! My diamond never fell off but it looks cheap.Shoe was way smaller than others I have bought in that size. Really hurt my feet.Had ordered the black-and-white with the Gold puma and instead revive the all black variationWell first off the fabric is plain awful. It looks so cheap and the color is not bright red as shown in the picture-it is dark red. The buttons aren't very nice either, they look like dark metal. I do like the fit, it is a very flattering dress until you lift up your arms...the fabric does not stretch a millimeter so when I lift up my arms the whole dress, including the cinched waist goes up (quite a bit) with it. That is very annoying. Though the waist is perfectly fitted. It is just tight enough to really make you look small but it's comfortable too. I'm not sure if I will wear this for the reason that the dress comes up if i lift my arms, that's just stupid. Besides all of that, the shape of the dress is just as shown in the picture. The shape and fit are perfect I just wish it was made out of cotton or better material. I actually like the shape so much I might buy some fabric and use this dress as a pattern to make one out of nicer material. At least it was only 15 bucks though and shipping was very fast. I would not recommend this item because of the fabric, would have been such a beautiful dress if only the material was better.large was too tight all over for 6ft2in 200 lbs.  he didn't want to try extra large because the shoulders and torso felt oddly shaped, not just too small.  on the other hand he loved the matching pants in large.These are too wide.top too small bottoms way too big. I think the sizes were a bit off. seem defective cuts or something top too small bottoms way too big. I think the sizes were a bit off.The shirt is cut in a strange manner which isn't apparent by the photo and I will be returning it.Like all the other reviewers said, the cuff is way to narrow. I thought I would take a chance and try them since I have relatively small calves and I just need them for yard work. But it's so uncomfortable having the calf so tight and the ankle/foot so big. I'll be returning themSmaller than usual socks fit. Also, synthetic, so hotter than 100% cotton.The moon of my life one is written so poorly, you can't tell that's what it says. It ruins it.Waist is true to size but pouched in the front....The material feels very cheap and it is not breathable when wearing.It was too small under the arms. Too bad because the design, fabric and color were gorgeous. I had to return. I probably won't order anything else by this label again, because this was not the only item from Mordenmiss that I had to return because the sizing was off for me. Made for stick-people, I think.Dont buy this garbage!  I washed this shirt one time and the entire bottom hem along the waistline came undone.  I contacted the company and they said sorry, you cant return a washed shirt.battery diesterling silver doesnt rust !!!!! had only one monthI didn't care for this one at all, it went right in the charity box. The material felt itchy to me. I knew the design was just printed on but this was a bad print job. For this price I guess I didn't expect much and that's what I got, not much.Too tight at the top.  Cut into my calf.Terrible print. Way too big for a 2t. It fits a 5-7yr old.The size was substantially smaller than expected and I will need to return.  I thought I had eaten way too much over the weekend but a pair of jeans with a 38" waist came the same weekend and I fit perfectly in those.was under the impression these were sturdy made..not the case..plantar fasciitis & this shoe don't mix..that is what I wanted & this shoe came up...no side support to keep your foot from spreading out...cool looking & very light weight but not what I expected when ordering..This is a Grinch sized pant, in that it runs two sizes too small.tights fit fine but the band on the thigh is way to tight and I don't have fat thighs sexyThis shirt is way too small.  I ordered a 14/16 and it looks like its more of a 7/8.  I recommend ordering two sizes larger than you need.Fell apart in one day. I'm so sad please don't buy this. I'm a nurse I used it at work in the hospital and it started crumbling apart. Just in one day. I would post pix but you would cry just like i did.Paid extra for 4x and it's more like a 2x it's skin tight i can not wear it also thin material...very disappointingThe bottoms on this were a little small for an XL, but the top was about 2-3 sizes larger than expected.This item did not fit and when I tried to send it in for return it said the item is not returnable.  Nowhere did it state this information when I ordered the item.  I am very unhappy with this situation.I bought this watch as a gift for my sister, and in less than one month it's dark. I'm completely disappointed with this purchase, and I can ensure that the watch was used in the right conditions, I couldn't understand the reason that it's dark now.I don't  like.! Looks  different  and the colors  is not the same in the amazone pageAbsolute garbage! It was not what I ordered! Do not order this shirt!!!ridiculous....the strap over shoulder and then nothing on the back of bra?  rises up to , the end.....can't believe how badly made.Much less than what was expectedThis size XL dress is very very small. It's pretty though.Very very tight and not a pleasant color at all.Quality of glove is subpar. Very thick lace at fingertips which differentiates from the lace throughout the hand. Would like to return but apparently can't.This item runs small overall and is significantly cropped/short in the back. The front panels are long enough to tie up cutely if you'd like an optional style.Chain way too short, and the snaffle doesn't move, so it bentI wear a size 9, and these are so large, a friend of mine who wears size 11 tried them on and they fit.These boots run very small. I got a good deal but they would not exchange them only refund my money.. so when I tried to order a bigger size they were 30.00 more.. guess I will have to wait and try to find a better deal.. I had my last pair for at least ten years before the rubber on the toes cracked..Need to return this item it is not like the other Levi's mid rise skinny jeans.I got these for my 7 yr old for her birthday. BEWARE! these would BARELY fit a one yr old! What a wasteLoved the look but with minimal handling one broke. I will try to fix but I am not optimistic. what I thought was a dainty look is now just flimsy.it is the worst piece of s*** I've ever bought on Amazon. It ain't even as described. I am deeply disappointed ... so disappointed hat I set it on fire!!It's a cute dress, but way to short and small. It didn't even fit my friends that we were all sure to have fit. It honestly runs about 2 sizes to small. And if your tall like me it, it was way to short. Barely covers your bottom.it was verry use, had no sponged around the nose so it hurts my sons little noseI bought the coral robe and it doesn't even come close to closing. I'm a size 12 with Ddd breasts so its tough to find. Disappointed this wasn't the one. Should of been if you go by the size chart they provide.There are better made options,  but if you need something cheap and side rolling it's goodThe snaps not closing when I have change in the wallet.....that's why I purchased this style. Too late to return I'm very disappointed. 2 Stars for the style and color only.Finger turnes greenA Decent enough shirt, but not the same super soft material Torque uses on a lot of its clothing, such as the American flag style 3/4 Sleeve Shirt. Not to mention I received the grey and black edition of this shirt when I clearly ordered the black and red. All in all, very disappointing productI got this bag as a gift and I was pretty excited about having something small that I could throw in my diaper bag that would fit my phone. I really wanted to like this thing but the card slots are way too tight. It's nearly impossible to put my cards into any of the slots and then I have to wrestle them out. The clasp on the side is very difficult to undo, I'm sure it'll break pretty fast. I'm so disappointed.The left strap broke within the first week!While the sizing is just fine, the top elastic is almost nonexistent, so these slip down and fold over, defeating the point of leggings. I also found the material quite thin compared to other leggings, thought they are pretty soft.I'm sure this product works very well but seal of container did not work and the product leaked before I had a chance to use it.Very poorly made! I had to sew two areas on the costume because the stitching had come undone. The hem line was uneven.I don't understand all the rave reviews of this product. It is a cheap piece of China crap. The edges are sharp, part of the metal flap on the back was bent and had to be bent back, its larger than the simple money clip I bought from Target and it looks ridiculous. Don't buy this unless you want to carry a piece of cheap metal in your pocket.Much smaller than in picture. Came folded and folds stayed in so it does not look nice.I swore off Dockers in the 90's because they always ripped out in the seat. I took a leap of faith buying them this time, thinking I would give them another chance, and what a huge mistake!!! Three months I have had these and the seat ripped out! I am a fairly fit guy I do carry my weight in my stomach not in my rear end. Congratulations Docker's you have lost a customer for life!When does 34 not = 34 not = 34?  Apparently too tough a question for One Tough Brand - Tough to Wear!

I ordered two of these, size 34, as I had previously purchased the same a year prior.  The two pairs received were both 34's, but they were NOT the same size.  One was very tight and one was only slightly tight!  Further, neither of them were the same size as the pair I have which are 34's and have always fit fine!?!?!?!?

BUT since they were so cheap, and I paid for shipping, there's no point in returning them for $3.40 each, since I won't get the shipping back.  That's the caveat emptor when you pay for shipping / go non-prime.  That's a sunk cost, no matter what.

Too bad, I really liked the 1st pair.  Since I'm now stuck with these, I'll try moving the button and making them work.

Note - you may have to cut the extra zipper fabric out as well, as it hits right in the vas deferens.Too small. Not true to size at all and it doesn't work for woman with large breast.I loved this shirt when it arrived. I had been looking for something like this for a long time. It was perfect. After wearing it twice it had developed little holes all over it. I was going to order another color but I will not be doing that now. So dissapounted.U didn't give me a clue that it runs too small until i finished the order..next time give a size chart please..i couldn't use it..These run extremely small and they are lightly padded. (Ordered an XL.) Returned item for the XXL-XXXL. I'm 5'3  and 145 lbs...I will review again once I receive the new size.Didn't have accurate instructions and doesn't fit my small teeth wouldn't buy sorryHave to return back to Amazon. Picture was different than color and texture  I expected. And 1/2 size too big.Worst shirt i bought  i will never buy from this seller againThis fit very small, which sometimes happens, but the item description is wrong.  It states that it has a suede sole, but it doesn't.  The sole appears to be more like a black plastic material.Bought this for my younger sister to wear in Europe. I planned to buy my own pair because they were so cute on. We are typically a size 7 and the fit was slightly snug but not unwearable. I did plan to order a size up for myself once trying hers on but declined to do so after noting the condition of her upon her return. Granted, these are not high quality shoes AND walking around Europe is surely quite the test, but I would have expected any pair of shoes to hold up longer than 10 days. They have holes in the top and are truly not wearable after 10 days of wear.After first wash it's look poor materialIf you ware size S you need to order XL I've been wearing these shoes for only two months and the sole is already separating from the rest of the shoe. Now I need to buy shoes again. I'm a teacher, I'm not that THAT hard on my shoes that they should fall apart in two months.The strap broke with 1 use by my 6 year old.  She was so sad as this was her birthday present.Product failed to live up to expectationsThe size is smaller and it is not very comfy.It wasn't right fit as I was expectingThe shoe fit great and was very comfortable but it came apart after only a couple of months of wear.Don't get me wrong I love the buckle BUT the belt itself is horrible really and I mean really bad quality.  It's coming apart and one spot it broke almost in half. DON'T BUY THISUNLESS YOU PLAN ON ONLY SALVAGING THE BUCKLE!!!!Not shine at all,it's pale,not worth the money,I already throw the box out,if so I will returnOver all looks good, but the stone is slanted and minor scratches on the ring, when I received the package.I personal feel that the watch set wasn't as I expected. The battery in the watch wasn't working had to purchase one for it. Some of the colors weren't what I wanted. I haven't seen an watch set without having the basic colors. No black.Tiny, and only makes one noise. The LED is pretty lame. I wouldn't recommend it.Product defected - heel fabric rubbed off in a weekThe silver didn't look like the picture, was much whiter. The diameter of the pendant was so large it didn't hang well. This was the first time I returned an item to Amazon.I can't believe this is from hot topic! It is way too small and the printing is awful. It doesn't even have a label.Product arrived well packaged with no damage to the package.  However all three corners of the shield were shattered.  Plastic reinforcement bars had been added to the back and the glue had not held and those were flapping lose.  Really really poor quality for a licensed product.  Really thin brittle plastic.  If it had arrived not broken, the only thing it could be used for is a decoration on the wall.Super bummed...this cover up is super cute and fit great but after one wear it ripped in like 4 spots. Really disappointedI usually wear a US size 16 so I followed the size chart and the reviews and got an xl figuring I would rather have it be a bit too big so I can just take it in, but I couldn't zip it up.  It is soooooooo worth the $$$ price. I got the bridesmaids dresses that were $150 each in the mail on the same day ( I was planning on wearing this as my reception dress) and the quality was exactly the same.  You can't beat the price for this quality. I am exchanging for the next size. I would have given 5 stars if the fit matched the size chart.

Edit:
So I ordered the next size up... It took about a month to come in and I could tell somethings wasn't the same just by the weight of the package.  When I opened the bag my immediate reaction was "I don't think this is quite the same color".  It's not bad, but also not the same.  The quality of the second dress is definitely not the same as the first.  And when I put it on, I felt like I was wearing a champagne colored trash bag. It is HUGE. The lining feels like thin and plastic.

I hate the second dress and it sucks because I don't have the time to try to exchange it now so I am going to need to pay someone more than its worth to tailor this garbage bag of a dress.

I was really excited about the smaller dress that I received first. It was perfect except didn't zip up all the way.  I really wish I could have just gotten the first dress in a larger size like I had ordered.

This dress is NOT the same from different vendorsI don't like the way this T-shirt fits. It's different than their less expensive T-shirts. I normally wear a size large, but this seemed more like a medium to me.I loved the way this charm looked and thought that I was getting a solid sterling silver charm but after 3 months of wearing it all day, every day it's starting to look like it came out of a bubble gum machine. I received numerous compliments on the charm at first but now I tuck it inside my shirt.Need to returnI ordered a 10.5 it was a little too short. I ordered an 11 to long. Lost the support in the arch area.  This shoe is very narrow. I buy mens should because they have more support then womans. I will not buy this shoe again.Too tight caused me to have headaches.They was really small when I got them.  The boots looked nice...just small.Thetop at the bust
 line with stretched out very far and too large to stay up. It would need to be taken in.Made in China. Feel cheap. Hopefully they don't fall apart in a month. Keep looking if you want a sturdy wool boot. Make sure they're an American made Red wing productGoing to have to return for a larger sizeThis top only has the tunic shape in the front.  It will create the appearance that you are pregnant.  This might be a good top for maternity clothing.Nice shoe, the fit is too narrow.Slots are way to small to fit your credit cards in, no where to keep cash and RFID does not workQuality is not so great. Some mittens ended up smaller, and others - bigger in the same pairs..See throughVery cute braclet.  I bought 4 one for my self and the other 3 for friends.  All my friends loved the braclet.  However, all of us lost the charms with in a day of wearing them.Just Too Big One Size Doesn't Fit All!Watch stopped randomly. I returned it.Very cheaply made.i'm a thin petite girl, 95lbs, and it's was too smallShould have read the reviews. Product delivered and its a YOUTH hat. Nowhere on the product description does it indicate YOUTH. Very misleading.It's uncomfortable. It looks and feels cheap.falls off the shoulderI've owned ECCO shoes for many, many years. Always size 44, including boots. This pair of shoes in a size 44 are way too large. Plus it took a long time to ship shoes.Purchased this ring twice, returned them both due to losing stones. Will not purchase againRuns on the small side!I would have returned these sneakers if I hadn't already thrown out the box. I love Skechers. I have several different pair & have always found them to be comfortable till now .. The size was good & they even looked nice.. however there seemed to be a defect in them.. mostly in the left shoe. It caused your foot to lead inward as if the sole/ heal was not straight causing the shoe to be very uncomfortable..I thought these were good shoes until the bottom part of the soles separated from the uppers ! Very dissapointingStill cuteTerrible. I ordered two sizes bigger than what I wear and it still was tight. The cup size was extremely small for a c.It runs smaller than it marks, I think.  I normally wear 6.5 KCR but this one, I have to order 7.  Calf is wider than usual KCR.  It's great if you have large calf, but if not, this isn't the one for you.  But if you want to wear it with pants tucked in, this may work.  I just did not like a wide calf opening at the top which I found unflattering. Thus, I returned it.  Good quality leather, but in total, it was not worth the money....it does run a little small. I first bought the Large, and the button in the bust area were stretched too tight.  Also the arms were too tight.  So I exchanged for the XLarge thinking that would do the trick.  The buttons fit across the bust fine, but the sleeve sizing must not have been changed because they were still the same amount of too tight.  Unfortunately, I had to return it.I purchased the humvee watch after reading all the good reviews, but after receiving the watchi noticed it did not turn on. After the watch did not turn on I changed the battery, but this did not resolve the problem because the watch still did not turn on.Not cut the same as the canvas originals which means not as roomy a fit.2 big....It's not real serigraphy... it's just a transfer. You cannot machine wash, it peels after 1 wash.
DisappointedNot a quality product. Prob great for younger kids who don't care about quality.Not worth the shipping.  Very flimsy, fabric is not durable at all.  Your better off not wearing anything.  It may be good for someone with an A cup any higher its only use is dust rag.Shoes were delivered damaged, one of the lace holes was ripped.Very thin material and ran very small. I gave them to my 11 year old niece rather than bothering to return themthe tongue of the shoe is AWEFUL my son has to constantly alter it. its a wasteful product. you are better off with a Nike football shoe. the tongue of the shoe always out on the sides of the shoe string lace of the shoe, and my sons have narrow feet...Sorry I gave it only one star but I just didn't like the boot when I got it so somebody else may love it and give it 4 starsThe watch color turned pretty quicklyI bought this watch as a birthday present for my girlfriend, who is a big fan of MK handbags. I know because I've purchased most of them (smile). She said this watch is too big and too masculineNot slimming , boot cut semi wide legHad so many hopes for these boots.  Got them at a great price ($54) but they ran small in the foot and ankle. They need a softer footbed and arch support.  Ordered a larger size and charged $89, but was sent the same size.  Sent them both back.  The calf measurement is good for us "bigger" gals but has no stretch in them. The zipper also slouches below and above the too tight ankle and cause a blister. Too Bad.This hat simply blows.....it's just a screen printed  picture and the hat itself is an awkward fit and is really wide.I ordered a small, they were about 3" too big and I ended losing out on them because I missed the return date due to my own bad schedule. I wouldn't even bother these unless you have massive feet.Such a pretty shoe, but not made for comfort. Birkenstocks usually have a flexible sole and are very comfortable. These are very stiff, and the leather part is also sharp and stiff. Not your usual Birkenstocks. Returning them.These jeans must have been defective.  They tore at the edge of the back pocket after only 5 months.  There is no way to repair them.I finally decided to buy a "quality" pair of work shoes, and figured Florsheim would be a good choice.  Unfortunately after only three months of use the sole is coming off on the front part of the left shoe!  Somehow the $50 shoes I buy from Rack Room last me almost a year, but these shoes that cost twice as much only last 1/4 of the time.  I'm very disappointed in the quality and will steer clear of this brand going forward.  I highly recommend that you do too as they are not made like they used to be (my father still wears ones he bought 20 years ago), but hey...at least Florsheim's profit margins have likely increased as a result of cost cutting measures.These boots suck I had another pair of timberland pros that were way more comfortable and lasted 3 times longer these were shot in less than 3 months they suckI bought three tanks like this from the Danski site, and they did not fit well. As I try to return them by shipping them back, a woman who claimed to be the manager refused my claim because I did not have the tags on the items. I told her I had been shopping with various clothing companies and none of them requires tags. She says "Oh, our product is made overseas." Then what company has their clothes made in the U.S. nowadays? I told her that it is not acceptable that she refuses my return for this very reason. She went on, "then ill just have to donate your clothes to the charity!"

Need I say more?

Oh, before this incident ever happened, I also got an invitation on my email to write a review about the product. So i wrote  about how the tank did not fit me on their website. Guess what, they never make it public. only the good reviews go alive. What trustworthy company!Very this socks and not very durable. After 1 day of being work, there is already a hole in both socks. I received this product at a discount or free in exchange for an honest review.Broke out on a walk when I tried to tighten them - maybe I pulled too hard but the one's Timberland used to supply lasted for years.I'm sorry, but it's sooo boring fit and difficult to send backFirst time worn, inside seam split open.  Wasn't because too small, I wear a 6 and ordered the 7-8. There was no way for me to resew it without a lump in the seam that would be felt when I wore it.  Returned!Purchased 3T which normally fits, bottoms were grossly small especially if it needs to be worn with a swim diaper. Had to return.Love the product but the sizing is about 2 sizes off, too small.Had it for 6 months, the rubber edge is broken now. New balance can do better than that.The socks fall down and made cheap!!! I won't buy again!!!! I wish I could send them all back!!!Came in not working. I guess the battery was deadCheap material does not have zipperIncredibly low quality. The green flowers came off with the first wash; they were attached by less than an inch worth of thread. Same with the seams, very flimsy.It was a perfect fit but the color was a muted purple, more heathered than it looked in the picture.  I took a photo to send back and mine came out darker too so I assume its difficult to get the color right. Everything else was perfect.  I just don't look good in light purple instead of dark.The shoe looked nice in pic, but it's cheaply made. I've own Filas in the past, bought from stores.  But, the front sole on this pair is loud when you walk,  sneakers should not sound like this.. Back sole  part is nice.I thought for sure I ordered a XL but it came as a 2 XL which is too large, actually it's two wide. It took to long to arrive so I know the return process would be even longer. I will give it away to someone wide or larger. I am 6 foot with a muscular build at 195 lbs so XL and even some larges work for me just to give you a reference point. Unless you are larger or have a wide back then the fit won't work for you. As far as the quality of the shirt it feels ok however the print feels cheap and seemed as though it was going to crack when I folded it to put away. I love the theme from the movie but wouldn't purchase from this seller again and definitely not at this size.Shoe is poorly made. For the price they should last more than a month. Very upset with purchase!Does not like them nobend or comfortI bought this pair On last April for my daughter, It wears very comfortable. But a few days ago, she left it in the car to play golf. The shoes were shrank at least 2 sizes due to the heat inside the car for few hours. It was  surprise to know that Crocs cant stand the heatI purchased these thinking they might have some padding on the sole, they don't and it just feels like you're virtually walking on hard surfaces all the time.Sizes are wrong. I bought a large for my sister and I got one says large but fits my XS wife perfectly. Are these children's sizes or something??Crappy. too big and too wideNot true to size, I need 2 to 3 whole sizes bigger, I avoided the hassle of back and forth shipping and just returned shoes. Cute but runs smallI used a dark brown shade to dye white and light brown shoes.  I cleaned the shoes with the enclosed prepatory cleaner as instructed.  The dye intitially looked like it "took" and in fact covered all areas very well with just a couple coats.  But when I actually wore the shoes, immediately I got "cracking" of the color where my foot bent the shoes.  The dye did not penetrate the leather as they state, it just stayed on top.  The shoes didn't even make it through one wear.  I had to throw the shoes away.Returned it.
It was smaller than I expected.
I expected it to be more like Cordura nylon, The favric felt funny and smelled a bit.

Additionally the zipper pockets were too small to be usefull
RETURNEDLarge fits like XXSFit is ok but the material is disappointed it's Cheap Charles material :(Cute but way too small. My baby is 2 months, average size and the 3-6 month size could not even fit in her head. Will have to exchange for a larger size.I received a totally different stone than the one pictured.  Pictured is a "cushion cut" stone with a somewhat rounded but faceted surface.  The stone I received had a completely flat surface with its facets near the edge of the stone.  I was quite disappointed.  It is still pretty, but I was looking forward to the cushion cut as I had purchased cushion cut earrings to match.The quality of the material and applique is great but I ordered the Santa suit  style in a size 8 and the red color was not set AT ALL.  My son wore these under his snow suit and got them a little damp and his arms and legs turned bright red!  I then washed them in cold by themselves with 3 Shout color catcher sheets which all turned red and the white trim and yellow buckle are pink.  Sadly returning them.  They are so cute and the quality seemed fabulous before they were wet.They were too small and I'd ordered 1/2 size larger.  Also, the arch supports don't remove for using custom supports sometimes.It's an okay fit until your milk comes in. I wake up with both breasts completely out of the bra, defeating the purpose of this. I'm a 40 D nursing (up from a 36C) so the XL should fit.My son who is skinny, could not fit into these jeans.This is no dress. It is more like a shirt. And was about 2 sizes to small as well. Only giving one star because it makes me choose one.This popover style was not cute like the picture. Too big and looked frumpy.Super stiff canvas digs into my heel when I walk. They are reasonably cute, but not for how uncomfortable they are. I think they will be useable once they are broken in more, but I kind of dread putting them on in the meantime.Look great onBasically every gun I've tried in the shirt will fall out of the holsters. The velcro simply won't hold. Bending over comes the velcro to become undone with heavier guns. With lighter guns, sprinting or jumping usually results in the gun catapulting out of the pockets and onto the floor.

I've tried this holster with:

Beretta Tomcat
Beretta 92FS
S&W 620
Kel-Tec PMR-30
S&W J-Frame
NAA mini-revolver

The NAA mini-revolver does sit deep enough that it won't fall out. But, that defeats the purpose. I can carry that gun in the coin pocket of my jeans.

The shirt is okay for carrying non-gun items, or speed strips perhaps. But I wouldn't use it for carrying a gun. One of my relatives uses this same shirt and insists it is good. He uses it only for smaller guns and doesn't sprint around like I do.stiff, not pliable. Would never recommend.Very clunky and not flexible. Looks great and is very stylish! Almost impossible to walk in.I'm returning it. I was not happy to see how big and clunky it was it fit my brother wrist and looked overly Hudge and not my style as it didn't appear that way in the add. Quality but not for me!I just want to know why I received a pair of jeans, and not even good jeans! And they smelled horrific! LOL WHY THOOOO GUYSThe quality was poor. Treads were hanging out every where.  The button holes were not sewn well enough to button the shirt easily.Returned itI don't need itFrom the first time I tried these on I got a pain in my heel, and it comes back every time I wear this.  So disappointed.  I just use them for walking.Color/shape not bad. I Expected a better quality swim-like wear. Material very stretchy-soggy-loose-like feel when wet.Received yesterday 7/22/17, have only had few hours to evaluate. I have a Seiko kinetic and after overnite use Versa has failed miserably. Appears to be big waste of needed funds. Will reevaluate after more use.There is no sewn in "crotch" so they are uncomfortable, cannot wear them.Ordered two pairs in different colors, both M US size 11 and this color was at least 2 sizes smaller than the other pair I got.Fabric is very itchy. Not a comfortable bra to wear all day.  Rubs under breasts and irritates.  :(
Cute but not comfy!Look these are comfortable shoes and I like them.  They look good too; however, Two of the metal eyelets detached on the first day--one on each shoe, and they need to be pushed into place with your thumb. So more attention needs to paid to finish...pants look ok but sizing is off.The quality is very poorIt's not leather ,it's plasticAlready broken after several weeksI LOVE THE DESIGNS!  I LOVE THE FEEL of the fabric, but these run REALLY, REALLY SMALL and i'm rating them as 2 stars as a result.  With how small these are, i'd be like a XXXXL, LOL.  Really, these are off by at least 2 sizes.  Maybe 3.  Too bad, because I really like the "design".I liked the dress but was too smallMostly plastic with a thin leather coverBroke first time I use it.Awesome idea, but they're way too short. Ride up easily. Can't be pulled up too high by the waist. I don't know. Just feline if they had added and inch of material to both the top and bottom, they'd be a lot closer to perfect than they are nowIt doesn't have a band at the bottom, so it would "ride" up~~NOT GOOD!Poor craftsmanship stitching badThis is not a boat neck. It is a simple round neck tee.  As it was not as advertised, I returned this shirt.I typically wear 6.5-7.  The size 7 was way too small. The heel and toe box felt very narrow.  Theblearher seems nice and they look like a nice pair of boots.  BUT there is absolutely no support and the boots seem very stiff.  It feels like they put expensive leather ona discount brand shoe.You make your clothes too small no way is this  a 3x or maybe I am gaining more weight then I thoughtI was very excited to order my Old Gringo boots.  I have several pair of this brand and they ALWAYS have the Old Gringo stamp on the heel, and label inside the boot.  These did not.  When I contacted the seller, they tried to assure my that these were authentic Old Gringo.  They were charging the same price as the "real" boots.  At this price point  the boots were returned and I ordered from a dealer that had the boots with the appropriate stamp and label.It arrived on time, but does not fit properly at all  , Im have a very average built and was really disappointed by this shirt, it looks messy and did not fit  even with my jacket on top, I won't recommend this shirt at allIt is  cut3Received my hat today damageDid not fit as my size usually does This one turned to be smaller than what the medium size is with other Calvin Klein shirts.First off, these shoes do look cool. They are styled very much like technical shoes; however, appearances can be deceiving. In the opinion of this user these are pretty poor light hikers.

I have owned these for a little over six months. Use has been a daily dog walk of about 2 miles, along country blacktop and grass verges, in  weather conditions that ranged from hot/dry to warm/wet - which is to say, extremely light trail walking, not hiking.

Overall - the fit is accurate, and the shoe is comfortable within certain limits.

Problem 1: the uppers of this shoe are made of some synthetic (I think) suede-y material; think sliced white bread texture. This proves to have some significant drawbacks - it is completely porous to water (i.e. dew and rain on long grass) and yet prohibits your foot from breathing. Also, it acts like a sponge - so your sweaty, waterlogged foot is continually re-moistened. I have worn these for a morning dog walk in damp grass and they have not dried out by mid-afternoon, that's how bad it is.

On a proper light hiker, you would expect waterproofing duties to fall to your gaiters, but unfortunately these shoes do not have a welt onto which one could snap gaiters; so that is out.

Problem 2: The suede-y upper material, while looking cool and nifty in those colors, is not color-fast. So all my socks are a fetching shade of pink following damp walks as detailed above. Also the shoe color has faded a bit, so what started off as 'Chili Pepper' is now more like 'Chili Pink'.

Problem 3: The footbed/inner sole is made from the kind of spongy plastic product you find on budget sneakers. I have found that this part of the shoe has deformed permanently and doesn't absorb the normal shock from walking too well.

Problem 4: The shoe overall is very narrow (although not in fit) - the sole doesn't flare as you might expect a walking shoe to do, resulting in very, very poor lateral stability when both feet are planted. this has led to some uncomfortable moments standing on a sloping roadside verge while holding onto a couple of boisterous dogs.

Problem 5: the shape around the ankle and heel counter is very, very low profile and offers little in the way of support - so combine this with the narrow sole and you don't really have a stable shoe.

So, in summary - if your definition of "hiking" is "walking along flat, level pavement in dry conditions" I wholeheartedly recommend this show. Otherwise, I would probably steer clear.It fit well, but the belt loops sucked, it was like it was made out of some tear away velcro, all of them fell ofThey are excelent slippers but don't buy whit this company they send them not at the time I needed and the sizes come a little small
I love the product but hate shoebuythis entire shoe is held on by one tiny piece of zelcro.... terrible! do not buy!This is the first day I've worn these shoes and the liner on both shoes has started to life and roll at each end.  Also where the strap meets the sole, it has completely pulled away.  They are not even worth my time to try and repair them.  They are going back!!!somebody needs to get a QC inspector. I bought a XXL and when I received the dress it was WAY to small the dress tag stated 1XL to XXL but i found another tag next to it that stated size 16 I also bought a similar dress same brand that showed up with the seems not sewn inspection of the seems found that they had been sewn off center and missed the material entirely. I can fix that but I should not have to. I will not be buying from these folks again.I wear a medium but read these run small. I bought large and they are very tight.Nice colors, but too large for young boys. Better for adultsThe arm holes on this are way too confining and chafe on hikes. Too bad. Otherwise i liked it but discomfort ten miles into a hike in the snow inspired me to strip down in ten degree weather to get this thing off!Way too small..would not ever order again -- too small and too tight -- very poor sizing -- very disappointedThe shoes are too wide from the arch to the heel. The heel tab is too high fro my foot. I will be returning them. The color and design is nice.Runs smaller than all my other Cherokee tops.thin material and see through. hold it to the light and one can see the material is woven thin.I was warned but couldn't resist the style and price! Exactly what I wanted and was excited to find them! Didn't believe they could be that smelly! Opened the box and was hit with a horrific toxic medicinal plastic smell.

But I loved the look And thought the smell will dissipate so I put them outside on my back deck for a day. It didn't help.

Wore them all day For the first time yesterday and was grossed out. But they looked good and were comfortable With my arch supports.

So you have to decide If you can handle the smell which I believe is less horrible after my One day off we wear. Or I got used to it!?

Did I mention that they came without shoelaces?!

Update: Still stinky as ever!
Update 12/11/13: Still sticky as ever. Wouldn't recommend. Finally tossed them.Used them for not even a whole day, and the rubber and mesh started to come apart. Used them for a trip to an indoor water park. Would not recommend purchasing these water shoes.The toe box was too narrow and the arch was too wide.Item took a month to arrive, and did not fit. Forced to mail it, at my expense, to a city only 400 miles away. It took over a month to get issued a refund, and only after I needed to contact them again. While the product description claims that Harrms "settled in the U.S. state of Texas", make no mistake: this is a Chinese company through and through.  Gloves had a declared value of $1 on the import papers.  That's how little Harrms believes these gloves are actually worth.

The gloves themselves feel okay.  They aren't as long on the hand as seen in the picture, and the thumb crotch is not in a comfortable position, despite following listed measuring guidelines.Too shortIt runs very small and does not look nearly as muscular as it did on the picture.I bought for my granddaughter. We had measured her wrist and ordered the proper size however, the one she received  was too long.Not really impressed. OK for the price.This is a hard case, so don't imagine it a soft one.
The unacceptable problem is the left side hasp is broken down only after half day using.
I can not believe this is Samsonite's quality. But this is true.I wear size 10 NB shoes and have bought several pair in the past but for some reason the left foot on this pair of 623's is tight like they were sewn a little to smallIt's beautiful, but I can't wear it. Could never get the stupid ball backing off. Very disappointing.Not comfort to wear, always makes imprints around the headZipper broke after 5 daysWould not recommend.  Is not an actual wallet, it's like a mini bag. I bought for a club event so I can have something small, was not impressed. It's just a small bag for loose items.Update Dec 2016:

I purchased one of these for each postpartum: 2013, 2015, 2016. So, three in total over the past three years.

The 2013 was the best quality and the one that my original review was based upon. The 2015 and 2016 models are disappointing. The velcro fastener is much smaller and poorly constructed. After about three weeks use, the newer binder would not stay fastened. Another week out, the seams holding the velcro in place unraveled.

So, I no longer recommend this product.

==== Original Review ====
I love this product. Helped my abdominal area return to size within a few weeks of birth. Soft material and the compression is more subtle, so easier on the body.

I would recommend ordering a new one after each birth, as the material does stretch out.Poor quality. Had to get the heal fixed after only a month of wearing. These wouldn't last more than a couple of months in a wet climate.Maybe the chi-coms are good at making plastic toys, but not so much boots.  I agree with the other reviewer, out of the box these boots were pretty uncomfortable.  There isn't that much padding in the insole, and the boot's tongue does not lie quire right.  And, the worst part, these things are made in China.  So much for Michigan made Wolverines...Kinda cheap.Pacjeged poorlyI don't wear it since it didn't fit as expected.Its broke into pieces the same day, i was embarrassed due to the fact that this was a Christmas gift!!!!Normally I love all things nurse mates, and it's tough to hate a shoe;  but  OMG pain..., need I say more.  Cute shoe , just 2 cute 2 wear.It broke after a week. HorribleRuns really really big. Don't waste your money, fabric is thin & looks cheap.Silver at bottom is weird. Doesn't know if it is stones or metal. Pretty ugly in person. Don't waste your money.Weird and wonky, one feels way different than the other.Its not easy to leave a bad review for propper,I have ordered one pair & the zipper wouldnt stay up so I contacted Amazon who expedited another pair to my door. 10 stars to Amazon except for the pants had the same problem,the zipper will pull up,wont lock down (it is a YKK) but either there all defective or its just this pant.
I always say buy Proper & buy Genuine Gear but avoid this pair of pantsGrows and stretches although it was a perfect fit.
Gets foot stains after usage.I am in the process of returning this costume because it is too large for my son. It fits me. The costume looked to be of the same material of any costume but it looks like they sewed the top half of a child's large to the bottom of a men's large. Since there isn't a medium available to exchange it with, I have no choice but to return it. Had to buy it somewhere else and it was more expensive. Which sucks a lot especially since now when this is returned I can only spend the money on amazon.I was very disappointed.  It was advertised as no-iron.  It is the most wrinkled blouse I have ever seen.  I would not buy this brand again.Terrible fit, now I know not to but swimsuits onlineIt looked better than it was, but maybe next time I'll try a bigger size if available. Columbia puts out some good stuff but this one was way too smallOrdered a size larger per the instructions and it arrived and is too big :(Delivered in a large box but was folded in half inside of a small plastic bag.  Trying to see if I can reshape it to look like a hat instead of a burlap sack sitting on my head.Too shortThis t was not at all what I expected. I generally order a sz small but decided I wanted one a bit roomier. I ordered a med. and it's smaller than any sz small I have. Very disappointed.I had to shorten the belt, but when I did the ratched part that the belt clips into does not go far enough.  So the belt is too short now.  No instructions came with the the belt.Leather seemed a little dull so I returned it.WAY too small. The first one fit perfectly, while sadly this one is tiny!This would have been a great shirt but received something totally different. Not sure how we got this one.alot of issues, would say unstable even though im standing still, i even bought another from walmart and that one worked perfectly.The hill on the bottom has already fallen off after wearing 7 timesThese socks are thin and cheap.  Won't last long.  Save your money and buy better socks.  Had bought this brand a few years ago and they were much better then.  Have since bought some of the gold-toe brand socks and have been pleased after 6 months of wearing.Nice looking shoe but was a lot larger than I anticipated.My previous pair of Acorn's lasted over 20 years.  This pair made it only 4 months before the sole separated from the body of the slipper.  The company will replace them because they are warranted for a year, but I have to pay the postage to send them back and a $5.00 service fee.  Find another slipper to buy.

It turns out that the company would not honor the warranty.  A representative said that the slippers failed due to natural wear.  I really don't know why the company would offer a warranty that they did not intend to honor.  Believe me, I did not abuse these slippers; there was no reason that they would have worn out in the time period I had them unless it was due to shoddy construction.  I have told everyone I know not to trade with Acorn.  They have lost more business than they know because of me.  I will buy from LL Bean from now on, as they offer a warranty that means something.Runs way too small, not at all what was expected. Looks like a cheap sweatshirt.I returned a small.  I am 5'2 117 lbs before pregnancy.  Ordered this jacket at 21 weeks, had gained about 10 lbs and this coat made me look like I was at full term.  Way too poofy!  Cute design, I was bummed.  Back to the drawing boardVery uncomfortable, ill fitting.While the bra is light weight and has comfortable back support area, there is no support. Had a read some other reviews, I would have chosen another bra. Unfortunately, I purchased 2 in 2 different colors. I am larger chested and this almost pushes my breasts down.  No perkiness. And the bad rolls up under my breast. I wish I could return them both.This product is not stainless steel! Stainless steel doesn't turn. Started turning a pink color after a couple weeks of nonstop wear. Do not recommend buying!How do you contact the seller of this item. Ripped and broken handle after a one time use. Not very durable very frustrated.I slip these on and off without untying them.  Unfortunately this has worn out the back in about 8 months.  These are not as sturdy as my previous pair of Merrell shoes that lasted two years.it runs somewhat small across the chestI've worn and washed these twice and they look all washed out and the crease is all but gone. Very disappointed.I ordered this color but it came and was a way darker color than pictured. I was really aggravated because I already have a beanie in that color and was hoping for the lighter color that resembles more of a mint green.We had to return these boxers because of the cheapest material and poor quality they r made. My bf didn't even try them on just because how they feel on skin. Id never buy again!lacking supportWe 1st ordered size M per the chart, returned and exchanged for a XL, lThe XL is still too small.I bought these boots to go clubbing and dancing. They looked great, but when I tried them on, they were way too tight across the width of my foot. I have a narrow foot, and have never had a problem fitting a standard sized sole.I recieved a Capri length pant although the picture and description states it's a one size fits all legging. Material feels nice. Curious to see how they wash up. I will be keeping them since summer is around the corner but very disappointed in the length.<div id="video-block-RYCQFR62MEOGI" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B1YopFS6jkS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/71Fuwg88QBS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;the product came with defect, not advisory to close the bag with it empty with nothing inside, it closes and soon opened automatically with nothing inside it.Falls off the shoulders with little effortgreat quality, but at least two sizes too smallOrdered according to the vendor's size chart. Needed a wide sandal. The item was way too small and far from wide!Purchased from Savemax from my daughter's wish list for her birthday.  She wears a size S (size 5) and the tank is inappropriately tight for a girl her age (12).  This is not a flowy top, but a form fitting tank.  Just a head's up on fit from this seller.Not a true size 18. Huge on the top and tight on the bottom. Overall quality was poor. Quite disappointed. Had to return and was shocked to see the return had to go back to China...pricey fee but fortunately Amazon worked with me on this.I am a true size 7 and I couldn't wedge my foot into this "size 7" shoe.  I even held it up next to my foot to show a friend and it was clearly much smaller.  Cute shoes, just be sure you're paying attention to sizing up.Looks cheap, very loose and cheap lookingI don't know if this was mis-sized or it was just the brand.  But it came no where close to fitting.  Way....... too small.These do not work at the beach, it was impossible to get the sand out of the shoe. The shoe has many small holes, I think to help it dry quickly, and sand got stuck inside the mesh.

Another problem is that the tag and tongue of the shoe rub against the top of your foot, causing a mildly painful irritation.These pants were a great fit at first. Then I washed them and they are to small. Never seen sweatpants shrink at all let alone this bad. Now this company is sending out another pair and charging me for it. It is showing I ordered them again. I can without a doubt say that I did not order these again. I can't wear the first pair why would I want a second pair. But, I guess when you have a product this bad you need to get the money somehowIf your feet are wider than 3-4 inches these shoes are not for you.It is a very nice wallet. However it is NOT the wallet shown in the picture!! There are no card slots next to the large ID window. The card slots on the lower flap are vertical not horizontal as shown and there is only one bill size pocket on the lower flap, not the two pockets shown in the picture. Overall it is a pretty wallet, constructed well but if you are ordering based on the picture hoping for those features you are going to be disappointed.These arrived and are otherwise exactly what you would expect, not too great, not too bad.

EXCEPT for the fact that there were scuff marks all over the heels and the base of one heel has something loose in it that sounds like a noise-maker when you move the shoe around. I would not recommend getting these.

I am going to write the seller and see what they will do to rectify.Too small, had to send backI got this for my LG G Watch R.  It looks really nice, and installation was easy.  Unfortunately, the black coating was already wearing off straight out of the packaging.  2 weeks later, and its starting to come off even more.Very uncomfortable and going to return it.It arrived in time so that is why i gave it two stars. The description and pictures, for me, were deceptive. It described rose gold plated Austrian crystal teardrop necklace. One of the pictures even shows the necklace and some crystals next to it suggesting it had something to do with the necklace. When i received the necklace it is a plain metal necklace with nothing else. It is fairly cheap looking. The rose color is more copper. It wasn't much money so I'm not sending it back. I just wish the description were not misleading. Will probably give it away.These watch do not meet the stated price and quality category.
In the item what was delivered to me was defect with the second hand lock and clock stops.
After I pass them to service, it notified me that second hand was not set correctly and that they are not sure that this is original watch.
Unfortunately, for me is hard send it back, I am living in Ukraine. But I think that this fake.Not true to size around bust area, fabric to rough not quality cotton.Absolutely useless. Good luck trying to attach those rubber things to your shirt or socks.  IT DOES NOT WORK! Went straight into the garbage, after about half hour of frustration trying to get those things to attach...Jacket was about 6 sizes smaller than advertised....It could not be tailored at all to correct it.  I returned it.Sadly, even buying wide didn't help. And it's so stupid, the loop is too short to reach the velcro to close. Otherwise they look and feel great. Even worse, it's such a hassle to return for little gain that I'll just have to eat the cost. *sigh*For the price and the bran of the boots I was expecting a better quality. They look cheap! The size was the normal I wear but the boots were like 2 sizes bigger. I had to return them and I don't want to buy any other kind of boots of this brand... ever!I bought this for my husband for his birthday in January. It stopped working in March. I wrote to Discount Watch Store, the seller, and they never responded. Bad watch and bad experience.

The weight which "self winds" the watch appears to have come lose and the watch stopped working.Way too long for average woman (5'5-5'7). Arms very happy with bra exposed. Material very clingy. Wouldn't recommend.Ive been wearing only Hanes underwear for years. Bikini and hipsters. Always wear a solid size 7. These run horribly small. They have zeo stretch to them. They definitely do NOT fit like Hanes normal hipsters. These are like low riders. More like bikinis. The elastic around the legs consists of one thread. No nice covered elastic like the normal types. It kind of digs into the skin. I do like the thick waistband and the material, which is why Im giving it two stars. I will definitely not order these again. I never thought Id be unhappy with the Hanes product and threw out all the packaging so Im stuck with them. I definitely cannot put these in hot water or the dryer. So Im stuck with six pairs I won't wear. The colors I received were the black, grey and white as others have mentioned. The second set I got was a dark purple, grey and purple pattern. Pretty. I would have loved them if they were the normal hipsters. If they made these in their normal hipster style, add this thicker waistband and material, they would have an awesome product. Stay away from these if you want/wear hipsters. Or definitely size up if you want to take a gamble with the low rider style.Item looks very cheap. Doesn't look as a Adidas Authentic item. Look like a Kmart iteam.  Don't buy the item.Didn't work to begin with and didn't stay in clip. I messed around for a week with different brand fuels, adjusting spark gap, nozzle etc. and using padding on the back to make it tight to stay in place. Was for single use occasion so didn't bother returning.A little  bit  bigIf you by chance get this into freedive mode while preparing your dive, you will be locked out from seeing your pressure or gas loading for 48 hours. This is unacceptable. If you look at your pressure, jump in and drop to 45ft, realize you got it into the wrong mode and make an immediate agent with safety stop... Your weekend is over for diving. This actually make the product less safe. If it just switched to dive mode from free dive, all would be fine. This actually encourages you to blow through a safety stop in order to get it out of free dive mode before the 48 hour lockout starts. Ridiculous.Showed up on time. Wrong color though. I didn't really care because they were not for me. The gift recipient liked them so it's cool. If they were for me... They'd be shipping back.I ordered the size I normally wear in any other pant, but these were at least 2 inches too large. Am returning them. With sizing that far off, I don't trust trying to replace with this brand.Fits awfully snug, and made very cheap.Need to return them.All I received was an umbrella COVER.I Ordered the 14/16 for my 11 year old daughter, who just is moving into a 14/16 from 10/12. The sleeves are too short and it is small all around. Disappointing.Good bra, but thin/flimsy compared to Champion's women spot comfort.  No padding.Funny costume but lets face it, you most likely will be drinking beer when you are wearing this. NOTE: no trap door to relieve yourself when you got to go to the restroom. The hat is junk.i bought these for my husband as this brand style of merrill is all he has worn for over 14 years. this pair have NOT HELD UP the rubber has separated in the toe area, he said the insoles slip around he has to adjust them all day long. NOT WATERPROOF, HE WENT OUTSIDE AND HIS FEET WERE SOAKED AFTER CLEANING OFF HIS TRUCK FOR NOT EVEN 5 MIN.very disappointed. TERRIBLE QUALITY. he mentioned his next pair will be from dicks as his last 5 pair were from there with no problems. he swears these are not merrill even though i told him otherwise. wish i could return for replacement. should last longer than three months!I purchased this retainer for small frame reading glasses and have had them for 3 months. Pros: The cable does hold itself off my neck as described, is light and comfortable. Cons: the smaller set of ends fit my frames well, but have deteriorated, stretched and split over the past few weeks releasing their hold. Amazon customer service is replacing the retainer-great experience with the  rep! Will update the review after testing the new retainers for durability. Hopefully, this was a one-off.
Aug. 2014 Rubber end sets do not retain their shape which allows glasses to fall. Similar problems reported by others-great idea, but poor end design.There was no physical way I was going to be able to fit these socks over my feet, let alone up my actual legs. Ended up giving them to my 4 yo to play dress up with. They fit her thighs... 2's bc the color is great and they are super cute if you can squeeze them onto your lower limbs.to narrowThese look entirely different than pictures. They're Pyrex glass with a pattern on one end---- not blown glass, and they look nothing like the photo.

I'll update this review with a picture in a bit.These shoes must run large because they were too large for my foot.I ALSO am giving one star for deceptive sales practice. I thought I was buying a package of 5 each because main picture shows five. Next picture shows only one. I would not have paid this much for one sleeve. I TOO have to accept responsibility for not reading more carefully but there is no good reason to post a picture of a group of five unless you are trying to be deceptive. Quality of sleeve appears to be satisfactory.I really wanted to like these earrings, because I've been searching for a good pair for a while now. Unfortunately, the tiny clasp is very difficult to close and open. It's really a pain, actually. I cannot recommend these earrings.The money clip is weak.Fits about 2 sizes too small.I unfortunately just returned my second Slow Jo. The first one did not keep consistent time; it would sometimes be correct, and other times be up to 10 minutes slow. I realize that the whole point of this watch is that you don't need to get the exact time from it, but with a 10-minute window for error you're not even getting a useful approximation of the time.

Worse, on two separate occasions I woke up to find that the watch had lost 8+ hours of time overnight. This was in the first week of owning the watch. I contacted customer support, and they said that sometimes wheels can get stuck during shipment, and that setting the watch via the precise instructions on their website would resolve the issue. It didn't, so I returned the watch, gave them the benefit of the doubt, and ordered a second one.

I've had the second one for 5 days, and on 4 mornings I have woken up to find that the watch has lost 6-8 hours overnight. I contacted support again, and they said that they had heard of this issue happening to other customers because of wheels getting stuck during shipping, and that re-setting the time via their special instructions had fixed it for other customers. But despite following those instructions exactly (I've now set the time 4 times after the watch lost hours) the watch continues to lose time.

A watch has one function: to accurately display the time. As much as I love the design and concept of this watch, I cannot justify keeping a watch that has lost hours of time overnight in all but one night that I've had it. And this is the second defective watch I've gotten. What kind of watch is so fragile it can't even be shipped to the customer without losing the ability to tell time? I just can't trust a watch that finicky, which is a shame because as I said, I really love the idea of this watch.Poor workmanship...... The band looked great. Put it on my hat and went out feeling confident. About two hours later, a tap on the shoulder and a gentlemen asking me if I always wear my hats without a band? I laughed and looked at my hat..... No band. He extends his hand and it''s there in one straight piece. It broke at the seem where the band meets the metal. It's a shame because the band was beautiful. I couldn't even return it because I lost it sometime later that night.I gave it to my daughter for dress up thats how horrible it looked. this wig looked terrible on me, made me look fake.Purchased an 8.5 for an 8.5 size foot and they fit like a 9.5.  Sneakers were way too big.  Returned them.  Won't buy again.  Not sure what size to by at this point.These boots are NOT what they used to be. I had a pair 8 years ago that lasted me easily 2-3 years and I absolutely loved them. About 3 years ago I got some at the end of season for a good price, so I bought 2 more pairs for when the others wore out. The first pair all of the tread pieces on one of the boots fell off within one week. I couldn't return them though because I had bought them 12-18 months before. I wore them like that until a hole was worn through the leather near the toes and it was obviously no longer waterproof, that lasted about a year. The 2nd pair I switched to a few months back. The treads stayed on this one, but the rubber is all flaking apart. The rubber toe box has delaminated from the leather, different areas the rubber is coming apart (not separating from the other pieces of rubber, but coming apart from itself). This started within 1-2 months of starting to wear them.

I used to LOVE Hi-Tec boots, but I absolutely cannot recommend them any longer. For $70-100 I expect them to last at least a year in good condition. I need to find a new brand of boot, something that will still be in good functional condition and looking decent after 2-3 years. Hi-Tec is NOT that brand.So they say Asians are smaller then an American so I bought this jacket to be 3 sizes larger then the smallest  size of a third degree cubic meter circumference but soon I changed my body by using a 8 degree cumulative game frame angle to give myself the body of an Asian so yeah I can't fit s***Don't buy this shoe.  It will not stay on your foot.  Almost tripped and fell trying to walk in it.  Tennis shoes by other companies I LOVE.  The toning shoes are great. NOT THESE.  AWEFULL AWEFULL AWEFULLColor was great and the feel of the scarf but once I received it and went to wash it before use, the edge of the scarf completely unraveled. Super disappointed. Will not purchase again.I love the wallet but the day I put my stuff in it the snap came iffI love this belt.  Never thought I'd write that sentence about a belt, but it's true.  The design is gorgeous, the ratcheting mechanism works flawlessly, and it's very easy to release.  Looks great with both formal and casual clothes.  An absolute pleasure to wear and to own.

Update:  I loved this belt when I first purchased it. However, after about two weeks the ratcheting mechanism broke. Now if I so much as yawn the belt loosens. I would no longer recommend this product.These pants came with all kinds of HOLES in the. Very upsetting. Poor, poor quality.I use this Coat once and in that oportunity the seams broke and the fabric rip away in many parts . It was a desaster!!!!It's not a real leather bag! Just a few parts are leather!!!
Don't be fooled with this marketing trick!!
The real price of this semi leather bag is under 50!!The case looks good, but the clasps are poorly attached. I had the left one come off after my second job fair with it.  Pay more for a better product and skip this one.Fit ok but was like wearing a cardboard.It's smelly and no matter how many times, the smell won't go away.Had it a couple of weeks and the material ripped ,not good qualityWhat junk! No where near an xlarge. And the material feels like a plastic bag.Because the gathering is on the front only, it unevenly fell like an empty balloon in the front.  It may make a nice maternity top, but if you are not pregnant, it will make you look as if you are.  I have a long torso but this reached my upper thighs.  If I wore the bottom to my hips, it left too much material in the front only.  Otherwise, the fabric was really nice.Very narrow shoe and long. Design very cute!Normally I can wear an 8.5 in Adidas.  This pair was too tight across the ball of my foot.Tangled way to easily, I got the wig and took it out of the package and noticed a huge bald spot in the wig. The hair is thin at the top, but thick on the bottom layers. LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PHOTO! My wig is more of a yellow than the blonde shown in the picture, and it's not layered like the wig in the picture. Wish I could get my money back, but I can't contact the seller.I chose this purse because it has all the pockets and storage I want.  It's cheaply made, unusual leather-looking fabric, came with a smudge of the brown coloring on the black part that won't come off, and the zippers were fraying and getting stuck from day one.I bought these boots last december and have worn them 5X since then. I love how they feel but I am not happy with the quality of the boot. The tips are completely falling apart and I noticed the heel is now peeling as well. I am very disappointed as they were not chep shoes.Really small. Almost a girl size instead of a ladies but other than that I would have loved itBeautiful but this has to be made for a child. It's ridiculously too small.came brokenXLarge woman would fit a child.  China sizing is largely different and there is no sizing chart to assist US sized women.No room in the cups, although it said it would fit me.  I ordered my blouse size - 2X, 18 to 20.  Couldn't hardly get it on and the girls were bulging out everywhere!  I am returning it tomorrow, after the Christmas rush.The face is nice but the bracelet/band is too shiny and looks cheaptoo narrow of a shoe and expect a lot more from eccoi was so in love with this product when i saw it online, but i rec'd it and lost one the same day i wore it because the latch is so loose and not secure enough. it is not even at end so u have to bend it and it still doesn't stay in.Way too small! It could not fit even my small wrist. Being made of stainless steel, it can't be bent to a larger size, and there isn't  enough metal if you could. Valaria207@gmail.comIts too small for me but I will use it sometimes.Found better ones at the dollar storeThe fabrique and the general appearance was different from that had been seen in amazon pictureWish Could be replaced with 3x extra wide fore shoe box area, toes a little to tight.
extra wide only size, was told over phone send back , we will replace. never happen.In two weeks three of the gems fell out of it.very small, very cheapThis is a very poorly made product. The fur is already falling off and so are the bells. The kitty ears don't really look like kitty ears and the paws are WAY too big for a child. Don't waste your money!!Not good at all! It becomes tarnished right away!Cool shirt. Fits well, but when it arrived it STUNK like cigarette smoke. It was disgustingly overwhelming as a non-smoker who lives in Vegas. I thought I had walked into a casino. I had to wash it twice to get the smoke stench out. This is unsatisfactory and therefore will not be ordering from this company again.I've purchased several Lindsay Phillips snaps with no problem, but this set had one "flop" where the snap was missing a piece. At $6 I really don't think it's worth the hassle of a return, and the colors/texture of this product are beautiful. SO hopefully my experience is a rare exception!This purse is what I expected for the price, however it is smaller than I thought. I haven't carried it yet but I plan to do something with it before the summer ends.material sucked broke in 2 seconds.I love these shoes but they kill my feet and they are so deceiving because they feel like pillows when you first walk in them,  The part that goes over your toes - ouch!!  That really hurts after a very shirt time.I ordered extra large because I knew that they would fit because I usually wear a large and even the extra large were way too small and very short in the length this company makes their clothes but their clothes is not according to us standards the quality that was there but as far as the fact that they would fit me or not kind of sucked I was looking forward to wearing themThis style was fine as far as casual black polos go, I guess.  It's just that it ran very small.  I am on the larger side of 2X and ordered a 2X... and it was skin tight and a little short.  Some reviewers complained of it being too long... I'm built like a bear so that wasn't my problem at all.  Too short for me.  A 3X might have been an okay fit for me, maybe.  Hard to say.  Seems to be a bit hit or miss with tri-mountain polos whenever I try a new style. Not interested in playing the ordering different sizes game to see which ones fit.  Nothing special about this polo to bother.  It needs to go back.  I think I will stick to the styles I know fit me.For a men's size 12, they are VERY small, my husband couldn't even get them on so they were returned.These shoes had no support and had gum soles.  I was disappointed at the shoe quality.  I have bought propet before and loved the productDidn't fit my size 11 feet.  Returned.So tiny you can barley put it on. Would not recommend it at all.Elastic waste started falling off after 1st wash... not just 1 pair but all of them...Some of the reviews complining about the shoddy rubber in Sorel boots go back to 2014. Well, it is almost 2017 and nothing has improved. I have gone through four pair in a row, none of which lasted longer than a month. My 1964s deveoped cracks along the heels two pair in a row. Replaced with Caribous - two pair in a row developed holes by the outside toe area. Why is is so hard to get the rubber right? Sorel boots used to last, and the rubber on my old cheapo discount store winter boots are still fine after seven years (they're ugly though ;-)I bought this for when we take our honeymoon in Belize. It arrived quickly, was beautiful and fit perfect.
Wore it for a half hour and one of the small stones came out.
Returned, not interested in trying another product from this seller.I went to try them on and they ripped immediately. I didn't even get them up to my knee. Very cheaply madeI've been buying D4's for a few years now, usually Blue or Light Khaki.  This particular pair of Dark Khaki's don't feel as relaxed as the previous pairs.  I noticed one thing different about this pair, D4's usually have a button and a clasp, this pair only had a button.  I wish I could return them, but I already washed them.The sizing is way off.snap broke first time used. Waste of moneyThe crosses where broken off of the hoop when I opened themAbit smallMy daughter waited so long and patiently for these shoes to come, and she was so upset when I finally laced them up for her, the silicone portion that holds the laces snapped right through. I barely even synched them up, it broke so easily. These shoes are beautiful but very poorly designed. We were so disappointed.Worst quality...Strap got brokeI was a bit disappointed that this item fit smaller than I expected.  But that is not my biggest disappointed...It is so thin you can see through it. Will have to wear leggings or something underneath which is what I didn't want to doThese panties were too large although I've ordered a them in a size small. They were also very unflattering so I had to return them.Faded quickly after only a few wearsI receive this by the estimated arrival date, but the zipper pull broke before I'd even thrown out the packing. It's such a hassle to return, so I kept it to put my phone and small camera in. I wasn't a fan of the color either.I retuned them. poor quality and runs smallI did end up returning these as they were too big. I wear a 5-6 shoe but 6 was the smallest size available. I can usually get away with a dress shoe in size 6 but my foot ended up slipping around in them and my little toe kept getting caught in the last band. They are nice looking and the heel size is great for long nights but just were not the right size for me.The picture of this sweater is adorable, however, I was disappointed when I opened the package. The colors have more of a brownish tint to them than the picture shows. It also fits very small- not true to the size chart. I ordered a small. Will be exchanging for a medium. If it fits well and looks nice then I won't return it, even if the colors aren't quite the same.It was great right out of the package.... Then I washed it and it shrunk around the neck and curled around the bottom. It's now a junk shirt I wear for projects around the house. It is soft and comfortable at least.Definitely a sweet looking slipper, but I'm 2 months into ownership and the material on the sole of the slipper is deteriorating. The dots on the bottom are now surrounded both exposed rubber. Also the yellow emblems on the heel have broke around the edges and shifted. Ive had thoughts to reconstruct them myself because they're sweet but I shouldnt have to do that for a $30 pair of slippers..The shoe started falling apart after one wear.the product was not the one shown
and the material that it was made cheap
the worst part is the seams wear in the front and not on the sides or back
that made the dress a cheap imitation, don't buyNot for small busted! I have a very small bust so the underwire in this suit does not look good--instead it puckers.  The bottom fits nicely though.  I am 5'2 110 lbs.Too small. Attempts to return were ignored.This time I'm looking for, I have received and I was surprised by its beauty and strength, and there is time between your hands gives you comfort and taste because the image is not enough in the CalendarI was excited when I saw this jacket and ordered it right away. It arrived sooner then expected but my excitement quickly died down once I opened the package. The fabric is super cheap. Polyester nightmare on steroids. I ordered a size up after reading the reviews but the jacket still didn't fit right. It's also short in the front so it looks rather weird. I have hips so this would give me more of a round look rather then compliment my hourglass figure. So disappointed. I want to return it but after reading the terms, I would pretty much only get a few bucks back after they deduct 20% and the price to ship it to the United Kingdom from the states. Not worth the time and effort. I won't be purchasing from this seller ever again.Cute but broke a week later. Never held time either.NiceI ordered a 32/33 sleeve.  It is what I've worn for years.  This is closer to a 37.  It also came wrinkled and not folded.  It appears to be a returned product.  I have used Kenneth Cole in the past, so it leads me to believe this is not original brand.It is not genuine at all, it actually looked uncomfortable, I did not even bother to try it on.  Instead I went straight to Amazon Returns.  The picture is of an authentic jacket, you can see the little squares within the fabric that is indicative of ripstop fabric.  I don't know what the heck they sent me but the crap is retarded. If I see the word "Propper" before BDU I am steering clear.First let me say that I have worn Crocs for years working in the healthcare industry. And as a gardener, I have always preferred them for light yard work. However, this last pair has forever turned me off to purchasing another pair. After about 3 months of light wear in the semi-wet conditions of my yard they became so tight that I was no longer able to get them on my foot. They actually shrank. Crazy, I know, but true. And of course after 3 months, they are no longer eligible for a return. Don't waste your money.Although the uppers are durable,these boots are hollow in the heel. After two months the heels are worn down until the hollows show. I would not buy these again.Not cut right...lower in the back.My son's head is 75th percentile, and the hat was still too big and constantly popping off.  Also, he HATED wearing in. It didn't work for us.It works well on 4 wheels, but when you try to pull it on 2 wheels, it drags most of the time.  I purchased it to in order make life easier, not more difficult by dragging it.  The handle is not well made either.  When you press the button, it doesn't always depress the button, so you have to press it a few times and jiggle it.  I wish I had purchased an American Tourister one instead.  Their warranty won't cover wheels (which is the most important part of it).  Don't buy it, spend a little bit for a quality piece.  It'll save you more in the end, in terms of money and aggravation.I bought these exact earrings in peridot instead of amethyst. Stay away! If you look in the product details, you will see that these earrings are only half an inch long from the top of the amethyst to the bottom of the silver part. The description claims that the earrings will "add a pretty pop of color around your face" and that the silver bottom part provides "flirty movement." On my peridot earrings, the colored stone is barely discernible, although peridot is much lighter than amethyst, and the bottom part is stationary, providing no flirty movement or movement of any kind as the entire earring did not extend past my earlobe.

I will say that these earrings would be very sweet for a little girl, allowing her to wear semi-precious stones without too much financial consequence if an earring got lost. However, for an adult, they're a waste of $10 ... and whoever priced them at $31 originally is a lunatic.If I could give it no stars I would....the product it's self is worthless it weighed nothing correctly. Waste of money don't buy.Received the suit but half of it was not included...the mask, gloves, and socks were not included as well as the battery pack to the fan!! The fan that makes the suit inflate!!!! Ultimate fail!!!This item looks cheap. It doesnt online but it does when you get it.  Its metal is frosty.  I had to return it because when I took the links off it was too small and when I put one back on it was too big.  I don't recommend this item.They literally shredded as I put then on. A complete waste of money and can't return them since they are ruined.I've worn Munsingwear pouch briefs for many years. My most recent purchase was very dissapointing. The brief has been redesigned and the upper flap which is supposed to fit inside and close the pouch is now much shorter. As a result the pouch doesn't stay closed. I purchased these from "Gustwillers" and they would not take them back since I'd already worn them - I couldn't know there was a problem until after I'd worn them. New underwear is now in the garbage.Pants were not the size marked and therefore do not fit. Inseam is 2 inches shorter than marked. Clearly a mismarked pair of jeans.I love the way they look, but they don't have inserts and the fur only goes about an inch in on the inside of the boot and the rest is just a foamy substance that wouldn't keep me warm and is scratchy. Also, the bottoms don't have grip it is actually cloth on top of the heal, so it would be super dangerous on the ice and snow.
Altogether they look great and arrived quickly, but don't have the quality I expect for the price.The thread that holds the shoe together broke on the left shoe after wearing them about ten times , which means they will unravel and the sole will come off (see picture). I tried to return them but the "return period" is closed (evidently, shoes purchased from Zappos must fall apart within the first month of purchasing them to be eligible for return. Learned my lesson.I returned this because the bra is not lined - there is nothing there to keep you discreet.  The photos make it appear as though it was a lined bra but it is a very thin flimsy material, no lining.  I found the band a bit small too.Everything about these sandals are good, even better, with only one exception and it is a major flow. I have no idea what kind of material these sandals are made of, whatever it may be, it stimulates the growth of bacteria. yes, bacteria. you wear it, and by the end of the day these sandals will reek so bad, you will need to keep them outside even after having them washed with hydrogen per oxide. I had never experienced anything like it, ever, nor did I have ever a problem with my feet.  So beware!These pants are just all around uncomfortable, don't buy them.The watch itself and the band are perfect. The problem is that the reflection of the sun (outdoors) and light from lamps (indoors) makes it extremely difficult to tell the time---the functionality for which the watch was manufactured  and sold. I should have purchased the solar, Seiko  with the white background which, to the best of my memory, was not listed online when I ordered the watch I am commenting on.

Thanks for asking opinions of your purchasers because it is the most expedient and direct way to benefit moving forward!

Bruce Parkerthis is a toy watch for children...which is whom I bought it for however they hated them!I gave them away to someone that was able to used themEven prettier in person perfect for a small female hands really good deal  for the price I think... if you buy it used it's cheaper but if it's for a giftfor a loved one I think it's worth to pay a little extra  okay well after a few months this is waht happened nice watch poor qualityVery disappointed, couldn't find my perfect fit. I bought a 7 and was too large, I tried to buy a 6 but was too small. Kind of missing 1/2 size here.box showed shoes to be what I ordered; however, the shoes inside the box were Green.  had to return - very disappointedCheap qualityI wear a large and and purchased many shirts that size but these shirts are very small for a large or even a medium.returned itI wear a 10.5. I bought and 11. It takes 5 minutes to put on and chafes so badly I will have to throw them away.Huge for size 9 !Walking 3 miles a day. Started walking half miles in the shoes NOT good. Just not a good fit. The sandals work great but not good for jogging.this items was to long and to big i did not like its.Poor qualityIrritated my ear after 20 minutes... I question metal content of posts?  Very pretty, but uncomfortable quickly & I don't like wondering about metal content in my ears...Once again,
Fabric was thin on this cap tooOrdered this directly from Keysmart. I regret that. Even with a discount code it is still cheaper here on Amazon. I guess overall I regret the purchase as the product is flawed. I wouldn't say terrible, but it is not as good as i expected. First off, the keys do not fit well together once assembled, second, as an earlier comment stated, the screws are either too lose and fall out, or too tight as i cant extend my keys. My keys stick out and if the screw loosens slightly, I find them fully extended, so what is the point. I like the finish and the materials, however it is a flawed design and I regret purchasing it.Wasn't as impressed with this outfit.I was just checking the sunglasses that I got here... I had to check it against a list of things that I found and I found that they were counterfeit. They are a good copy but they are not Oakley. They say "China" right on the temple of them. Oakley are ONLY made in the USA. I should have known they were to good to be true. The price was just too good. I will be returning them ASAP. Check when you order them. I don't blame Amazon since they were supplied by someone else but still...This top is way too small to be an XX-Large. It look like a small top. I am not pleased at all being that I purchased this for my Birthday. I am sending it back. I love the color.Fabric was very thin and not that soft but fit greatFit ok but right one gave me a blister on side of foot by back of strap by toes so uncomfortable to wear for longThe part of the buckle that fits into the hole in the leather belt is very poor. It is not angled properly. It very often unhooks and also ends up making the leather hole of the belt bigger and stretched. This is not due to me putting it on too tight, its completed the way it was made! It looks great from the outside, but the mold needs to be redone to correct this major flaw in the design.This cut is really baggy, with wide legs. It's not my style.

Perfect for juggling, birthday parties, and circus antics.These earrings broke the first time I took them off. The chain on the back is so flimsily attached that even though I was being very careful it snapped off. For the 12 hours I wore them they looked great, but it is not worth the price to only get to wear them onceThe fit was not flattering at all. It did not look modern, but it did not look vintage either. Looks very awkward.These are comfortable and fit just fine in the waist and hips.  The problem is kind of weird and seems to be with the way the shorts are designed: they pull in the fronts of my legs when I walk or sit down.  It's strange because they are plenty roomy around my legs; it's just when I move in them that they are tight.  I wasn't comfortable in them.Too dark for my skin tone, so these were not wearable for me at all.I bought a x large and it says between 5'9 and 6'3" on the bag. I'm 5'11" and it wasn't tall enough it gave me a weggie and you could totally see my junk. Not! Good! Especially if there's kids around so don't buy it if your taller than 5'7 waist of timeTerribly cheap.  The thigh part was waaay too big. Made my legs itch as soon as I tried them on. I highly DON'T recommend these to anyone. I returned them and never got my money backSooooooo small! I ordered the largest! I'm 5'9 168... I guess I was dreaming it would fit. Loved it.. Just built for a petite person, not me.Size is too largeBuyer BEWARE!! Heed prior review warnings that this skirt runs ultra-small. I'm a solid size 8, and I thought I was good by ordering up a size to a size 10. When it arrived I could hardly get the skirt halfway up my thighs. Are these kids sizes or what??? I ended up jumping all the way up to a size 14, which now fits me perfectly (which is essentially equivalent to an 8 anywhere else). Geez!!! So BUYER BE FOREWARNED!!! Outside of that the skirt is super cute.Suite says 6-12 mo, and my daughter is really small for her age (20th percentile). Didn't fit her past the beginning of the 7th month. Otherwise very cute and live the way it zips.Print was in very low resolution, very low quality. I didn't like it. Size is ok.The umbrella is adorable. However it broke almost immediately. One of the spoles broke off and then it wouldn't stay open. This was before it was ever used outside.Cute shoes, rubbed my feet into blisters--but that's to be expected from plastic shoes. What wasn't expected was how the side ankle strap ripped away from the footbed on the third wear with no warning. Cheap, poorly made, disposable--suddenly the it no longer seems such a great deal.Didnt last no more then two weeksI've been wearing the same style of dhoes for years.  This is the first time they feel too narrow.  I have blisters on both little toes.  The shoes will be going back.Quality is not that goodI love the style of these shoes. I had another pair last summer. They fit well on my narrow feet, have minimal break in time, are stylish and go well with skirts, leggings or pants. They are relatively supportive - I don't feel it at the end of the day like I do with less supportive flats.
HOWEVER, the quality is poor. The sole came undone at the toe within a week or two. My previous Keen flats lasted a little longer than that without falling apart, but not much. Still, for the price, they're a great deal and I will admit to beating up my shoes pretty badly.XXLg in asia is sz 8 in america.  I cannot wear and it is too expensive to return.They are good looking and fitting sunglasses.  The only problem I found was the reflection was unbearable.  Like the other reviews pointed out, the reflection around the nose area is very distracting.  I returned them and bought Maui Jim's.to smallCharms fell off within an hour of wearingDead on arrival, total sham from China impossible to return! (order items in US!!)This dress looks much better in the picture than in real. The quality is strictly ok. I ordered a Medium and it literally was body hugging. Will be returning it.Too smallArrived with holes and tears :(I brought these shoes a week ago and they arrived a day before the expected deliverly date. They fit nice to size and had a pretty color. They were very nice to wear until one of the shoe started to rip. I've only wore them twice since I got them and it started to fall apart. I wasn't rough on the shoes and made sure that I didn't get any dirt on them so I'm not sure how only one of the shoes just ripped in the back (the heel area). I ordered the same shoes in a different color but I haven't worn them yet because I don't want the same mistake to happen again.Pants were baggy; material had no shape; fabric was of poor quality.
Certainly not worth $39.00!
I sent them back.
I've had excellent luck with Haggar products in the past, but these trousers were far below the usual quality standards.These look good and may go with outfits, but they were hard on my feet. There is no soft cushion in the foot bed.  The edges around the toe area  was felt when I walked and irritated my toes.  They are brand new in my closet, but I didn't take the time to send them back. I will give them away.To small I purchased a 3x there is no size posted inside the dress it didn't even fit my sister who is a size medium very cheaply made the bottom is already frayed the material is way too thin not happy at all I understand that the price is so low I didn't expect a fantabulous outfit but I did not expect something of such poor qualityMy girlfriend doesn't wear them because they are a bit big, and the back bends out of place easily.I ordered these pants thinking I was ordering for an adult ..
WHat arrived was a child size large.
That I promptly handed over to my tween daughter to wear.
For petite child like bodys only..
I am a size 9 5ft7.Different to what I saw online .Don't fit me wellOnly received one ring. Didn't receive the female ring.This was the most ridiculous piece of clothing I've ever tried on. I am a women's medium and I couldn't get this on. It stopped at my elbows. My arms have muscle, but these were so poorly designed that they'd fit only the skinniest of arms. There is a glittery aqua blue thread throughout the garment that adds quite a level of tackiness, and the stripe pattern doesn't match on the seams. Fine if you're 20 and starting out, but it's not worth more than $15.Too small, I had to return them.This costume is adorable.  I would've loved to give it five stars.  However, the fact that the package had obviously been opened and taped shut and one of the foot straps was broken I just can't.  If I would've had time to find it elsewhere I would've returned it.  The costume itself gets 5 stars, fit my average size almost four year old perfectly.  The company selling?  Not so impressed.The glasses looked good, but within 3 days the right arm broke off. Is it possible to get a replacement?

ThanksThese looked really cheap. I figured that they might based on the price, but they didn't even to seem to be made from real rubber. They also scuffed up as soon as I put anything on and the buckles are the thinnest metal possible - so they seem like they would snap easily. I returned these the same day.I was most disappointed in this shoe. I have previously purchases the Go Walk 3 and it was most comfortable and a perfect fit.
The same size Go Walk 4 had a smaller toe box and both the length and width were shorter and narrower.With no support this backpack is undesirable. Quality seems fine but everything goes to the bottom, the bag holds no shape and is uncomfortable for my kid to wear. It's like wearing a laundry bag on your back. After 2 weeks we are already looking for a replacement.didn't work, come apart as soon as you pull itThis product is totally different than the picture, the color isn't the same. I don't recommend this productHave  limited wear time on these. Where pockets are sewn on these rip out. Do not buy. Very disappointed Carhart put their name on these.Gave it to my friend broke within 10 minThe quality is good as far as the material but the size is smaller than indicatedThese were supposed to be XL but they run much smaller. More like a medium or large at best.The reviews that say this is SMALL are very accurate. So, sooooo small & with no give whatsoever. I'm pretty average sized and this didn't even come close to fitting. It shows an adult model, the box even has text that says "this is...for adults." LIES - this has to be for kids because it is just that small. Also, the reviewer who mentions the "wild tuft" of hair at the top is spot on - I don't understand why the designers thought anyone would want that and the product images do not indicate it exists. But it does, and it's hideous. Also, it says it has "white stripes," but it doesn't...it has a (singular) white stripe - one. I was hopeful that the positive reviews were right...but no, the negative ones are the accurate ones. I just wish I hadn't waited until the day before Halloween to unbox & try it on...now to scramble a last-minute costume plan.Watch stopped working after a few months.Very comfortable but there is no space for air to get through, by the end of the day you will have wet socksBought a Large for my wife, but when it arrived, it fit snug.  The tag says L12.  Large is usually 14-16.  I measured it and it is 18W by 25L which is a Small.  And the logo does not look crisp and shiny like the picture - it's smudgy and cheap-looking.  Compare the attached photo of the shirt I received to the one advertised.  I requested to return the shirt and the seller offered me a 10% refund.  I declined and asked for a full refund.  They offered a 20% refund.  I filed a claim and Amazon gave me the equivalent cost in a Gift Card.Wore them once and the seat ripped apart. VERY POOR Quality. Do No PurchaseI loved the pattern of the shirt, but even for an 'oversized' fit, it was too big. I'd size down. I ended up giving it to my boyfriend's cousin.I've spent less in much better quality. Don't waste your money.When I received it, I doubted that it was sterling silver.  It was black on the edges and looked like pot metal.  I took it to a jeweler and he assured me it was sterling and he polished it for me.  I'm sure my granddaughter will love it but I won't buy from Sabrina Silver again.  I don't think I should have to take any new purchase to a jeweler to have it authenticated and polished just to be assured that it is, indeed, sterling.  The very least they could have done is to have it polished before sending it.  One other thing, other buyers have posted that the "chain" that came with it was also nice.  I did not receive a chain with mine.Loved these the first step I took...light and comfortable. After six weeks of very light use (walking the dog on dry pavement), they developed holes in the upper fabric at the flex points. The fabric Saucony calls a "flex film" is a design failure and Saucony should pull these from production. I thank the users that are taking the time to warn future buyers and even posting pictures of the holes. Please look at the pics, my shoes look exactly like the failed shoes of other buyers. This "flex film" is a design flaw and I truly feel Saucony should reimburse every owner that takes the time to complain. Where is the testing and quality control. It seems some sort of heat process was used to create the patter in the fabric and every hole starts in the center of the tiny rectangle pattern. I own North Face shoes that are doing the exact same thing and am in the return process. I am shocked at how fast they are failing, literally days of use. Guess what? SHOES HAVE TO FLEX!!! Shoe companies have made athletic shoes for decades with the knowledge that they will be worn on feet and flexed. This should be an true embarrassment for the Saucony design team. Like I said, really light and comfortable, will last about 6 weeks.....if you can afford that!Did not care for this product, gave it to a lady that thought she might use it as a casual purse, did not meet my needs....Tore up pretty wuickWay too small :(I was very disappointed in these bras. They do not fit as the Hanes bras I bought in Walmart. The material seems to be thicker (that defeats the purpose of being so comfy and cozy) and it fits probably 1/2 size smaller. Such a shame, as I bought several, and they all went back..:-(This was much smaller than expectedHorrible chemical odor.  I was embarassed to give this to my husband.  We had to return it.They fit perfect and surprisingly are very comfortableBottom part to large , top part to smallNice shirt - but me being a guy who wears an XL I was really bummed.  This was so small it fit my wife well who wears a woman's med.  I was wondering if they sent me a boys instead of a men's - but nope. :-/The collar sags after the first wash.  Have to wear it backwards to keep the collar high.Lovely item; no issues with shipping or order process.  Ordered a wide but shoe isn't wide enough for me. Sizing for feet always difficult. Once I get that straightened out I'll be back to reorderNice wallet but wish it had included a card for your informationwaste money, too narrowI'm not overly thrilled by this one.  I personally wear a 1x/2x but purchased in a 3x (Black) because my intent was to use this as a bathing suit coverup and wanted something oversized/flowy.  The black 3x fits more like a 2x, so keep that in mind when purchasing. I tried it on prior to washing.... It's flattering when on and fell nicely above the knee (5'6, long torso, short legs).  After reading other reviews I purposely didn't put this in the dryer and hung it to dry. Other reviewers had said that it reduced in length by a few inches after being in the dryer so I wanted to avoid that at all cost. Prior to washing I noticed a few frayed areas on the trim along the neck and under the arms, it unfortunately got worse in the wash (even though it went into a light / delicates load by itself).

So I don't really recommend this, as flattering as it was, but now it's no more than a ratty rag for me.  Very disappointed, couldn't even really wear it once. If I didn't already wash it, I would have sent it back.  Wasted $30.Baggier fit than an earlier pair that I bought from Kohl'sLove these boots, even have a pair for myself. Unfortunately the pair we recieved already started coming apart. The fringe stitching is not very good and is already unraveling.I knew this was a cheaper product and that is exactly what I got. Seems more like plastic than leather. Opend the package and put it on after seeing exactly what I had received. Leather/plastic came unraveled and came off the fastener of the bracelet.
Needless to say, it went in the trash.With my dog eating my Olbrish wallet, I decided it was time to look for something to replace it. The current trend of "minimalist" wallets appeals to me as I'm a front-pocket carry person and keeping the bulk down is key. Tyvek was one of the interesting materials out there, and Dynomighty's own advertising as the original Tyvek wallet highlights their popularity (or at least prevalence in the market).

Unfortunately, this is one case where "original" doesn't mean "better." Apparently made from a single sheet of Tyvek, the folding and contortions result in an excess of bulk, with multiple layers dividing things up to the point where it is reminiscent of a paper football or an origami monstrosity, not a thin wallet. There are large open areas in the wallet that you would like to be able to use for storage, but they aren't functional in any way.

If you really want Tyvek, look elsewhere. Also be aware that Tyvek stretches (card slots reported loosen up dramatically) and "gets dirty" rather than "develops a patina" the way a leather would.

If you want light weight, I'd search out some of the small-maker pieces in fabrics like
* Dyneema or Dyneema X
* X-pac
* VX
* TX 07
* WX
* Cuben fiber

There are ones out there that are even less bulky and more usable than the highly rated&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Flowfold-Men-s-Sailcloth-Slim-Front-Pocket-Bifold-Billfold-Wallet/dp/B00IMPVYZA/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Flowfold Men's Sailcloth Slim Front Pocket Bifold Billfold Wallet</a>Lasted a year...to me that's a disappointment. I understand that these are lower end watch-winders, however my last one (different company) lasted over 3 years. So my experience can only vouch for one year of use from this product and at this point I'm tempted to spend the money on a better winder that I can count on.

When it was working - loud clicking and bright blue light, I had to move it out of our room.Bigger than expected and my money is not ready after 2 months of the claimThese have a really bad chemical smell.  I soaked 4 times in vinegar & water then 3 times in tide  & water and the smell has lessened but is still there.  The smell is so bad that I won't put in with my regular laundry.  Will keep soaking in hopes of getting rid of the smell.  Can not be worn yet....Cheap and itchy material. Not a good fit on meWashed 1 time and the decal washed off.  Extremely cheap quality not to last for 1 washing.  DO NOT BUY!Its a nice pair of pants. The quality is there but the size is just too small. its about 2 sizes too small. Which is a shame because I really wanted these pants but now I had to return them.This fits very funny and it is not eligible for return.Terrible sizing. 18month onesies are comparable to 3 month onesiesI ordered the nem-jo2 in black charcoal and it doesn't look like the pic. Its missing the hood and the material is cheap. I'm so unsatisfied. This was supposed to be a gift for my husband but I won't be giving him this. Now I have to buy a new gift for valentines day.Not for me...Not recommended in any wayNot very wide for a wide width shoeDisappointing...I wear medium size tops/blouses and this tank is pretty tight. Also the material doesn't allow your skin to breathe and makes me too warm...and I'm usually cold. I sure this tank works for some women but it was not a good purchase for me. The only good thing is that the tank is long and provides good coverage.Very poor quality construction, I wonder if the product is original.This shoe was so uncomfortable, I can hardly fit my feet into it.  I normally wear a size 7 and normal width.  This shoe runs small.  I am so disappointed by how cheap the quality of this shoe look and feel.  The picture looks a lot better than in person.  I like the style and the height of the heels only.These are not true Converse shoes.  I ordered them in the size all of my other Converse (12 pair) are in, a size 8.  It was too tight and the sole is thicker than the ones I own.  I sent them back and found the color I needed at a Journeys Store and tried on the same size I ordered on this site and they fit perfectly like all my others.  While these are a very nice looking Converse, I don't believe these are the real deal.  Nice try though....literally made me look like the Michelin man. you would think its a mens jacket. it didn't lay over my bust area nicely so it looked like i had breasts to my chin. the length (not quite hip length not waist length) was very unflattering. also it arrived with a handful of feathers sticking out the seams. smhCost too much to send back.Too small trying to rerun but not getting any direction, wanted to see if there will be a return label or if I must pay to return but getting no answersI received the bag and it looks pretty beat up. Very disappointed because it looked flawless on the photo Bag is dented in almost like someone stuck it with a pen all over..light went out on second monthfabric too flimsy and no bra shelf for supportIt was way small for the size indicated, and it was cheap feeling, I was expecting more the quality of the Target hoodies I'd bought previously. I ended up donating it, so not sure how it held up after washing.Based on other comments I ordered a 7 (I normally wear a 7.5).  They were tolerable fit wise, but bordered on too small.  And then I did not like how flexible the toe is - other golf sandals I have tried on are stiffer, and my personal preference for golf is a stiffer shoe.While this wallet is very cute for the price, it does NOT hold American money. It is too short to hold American currency long ways. You would have to fold your money in half to put it in this wallet. Who makes a wallet that wouldn't be able to carry money the correct way, when its purpose is to HOLD MONEY????They are too small and one of them has a flaw in the suede. Unfortunatelly I live in Argentina so I can`t return them.The shipping was great. However after I opened it, I was stunned by the color of amethyst. It was not green, it's more transparent in color. At some angle (if the light is directly shinning at it), it is very very light green. I was going to give this as a Christmas gift but decided not to since 1) color of 'green' amethyst 2) came in a little pouch which made it look even more cheap. I hate returning, so kept it myself and wore it once. I got compliments but they all thought it was glass earrings.Not well made- retuned itToo big, looks and feels very inexpensiveThis is cheap looking, did not give it to my mother in law to embarrassed....not a good buy at all.Did not fit willSent back because these are not skinny jeans they are more like a boyfriend/straight leg fit.I only gave two stars because this necklace tarnished a week after I purchased this online ... My daughter loved it but I threw it out 7 days later ... The box was so cute it was a little bite size cupcake ... I think 2 stars is being fair.Love everything about this bag EXCEPT the shoulder straps.  They are a different material than the bag and are not durable at all.  Started using it in February of 2017.  The shoulder straps are completely worn and coming apart, and it is only April.  The rest of the bag is durable and perfect with tons of space and multiple pockets.  Disappointing because otherwise it is a great bag.This dress looks great on pic... is super thin... its see thru and not appropriate to wear .. your lady parts will be seen thru lolsomewhat smallterrible quality, really regret the purchaseMy Son is playing for the national league was using this shoe for 6 months.
The She looks great and fits as expected, BUT

During an official league game the shoe without any warning just started to break into pieces.
My son has to play the last 10 min with one shoe as in the picture I added.

Very big disappointment from Adidasits nice, it just broke within the first couple of days. i was really upset because i liked it, but it took forever to come and it broke fastThe overall part was a perfect fit.  However I had to return them because the straps were 2 inches to short.  In order to snap them I had to lengthen them to the max and then lean forward to snap them but then I could not straighten up without pulling them up to much in the crotch.  Sad because they were made well and looked nice.pretty but fit not even close to stated size. Stitching flimsy.overall poor workmanship.returned.noticed same issue with all similar purchases this and related companies.too short side waysCheap platic. Kept riding up on my arms. Find something else.Size said it was a 4. it is NOT! its like a 2 and def did not fit at all.I ordered the narrow, and my heels were popping out of the shoes as I walked.  Way too wide, and my feet are not exceptionally narrow.  Back they go!Very flimsy canvas, veery little support.  Can only wear when walking will be at a minimum.I like the shoe basically.  However, the sizing seems to run a little small on this shoe.  Not a true 6 1/2, so I am unable to wear tights in this shoe.Poor quality, could only wear once. Threads shredded. Tossed I garbage out of frustration. One can check my review history, I rarely post negative.I have received the watch without the paperwork like the manual and the warranty paper!!!! It is weired!!! Take care guys before ordering. I returned itIt's super tight. The thong part is painful for a high waisted woman like me. I'm sure someone might like this but not me. I'm not a fan.Completely see through...Lasts for only 6 weeks! I wore very lightly (just to work and back) 3-4 times a week and by the 6th-7th week the "leather" on the arms was breaking apart.

I tried to contact the seller and was very unprofessionally when asked about a warranty: "No!". Exact quote, I can't make this stuff up).Size chart was very confusing.Waaaaayyyy to big. I bought a small... I had to give it away. The fabric felt great!I washed them out of the bag and they shrunk- can't wear at allSon liked this shoe style however when we put the water proof to the test walking around Colorado his socks were soaked.DON'T BUY FRONT THIS SELLER! These shirts are CRAP! They are not officially licensed and therefore and being printed illegally and the band's receive none of the proceeds. The quality is terrible. It looks like someone saved a thumbnail from Google and enlarged it, making it highly pixelated. The print isn't even half the size as advertised! The fit of the shirt is weird. It's super tight around shoulders and arms and loose like a dress toward the bottom. I made the mistake of ordering 2 shirts from this seller thinking I was getting a great deal. I was so wrong. This is a total rip off.I like these shirts but will not buy anymore.  For the price they should hold up better.  This one came with a snag and hanging thread already in it.  Awful.  For some reason there is no way to contact this company on the Amazon site unlike others.  Don't buy it, too much, and too easily torn and snagged.Customer service was horrible! Watch came in shipping box with no instructions or wrapping. Battery was dead when I got the watch so I had To go buy a new battery. Then the watch still didn't work. When I asked where the instructions were, they said I should Google it. I pages 75 dollars for this watch. I shouldn't have to Google it. Very rude!!!not expected fitStrap across heal tore after wearing only twice.Not at all the fit I expected, ordered a 14H and a 33 W x 26 L is what came in.Sizing is not consistent with other shoes of the brand and it slips more in water and grease than other shoes of the same brand.IT WILL COST YOU MORE TO SHIP BACK TO CHINA!! DON'T BUY IT UNLESS YOU'RE ONE SIZE FITS ALL PERSON.Sizing is completely wrong.Way too small. I never wore it.xxl fits my size zero daughter. I cannot fit it. and I only take a large I got a couple of sizes bigger thinking it might run small but really this is not meant for anyone who is an adult size to wear.  Material is nice, but cannot wear it due to the sizing.Cute boot but have t return it it runs too big&  the pointy toe comes out way too much ur toes stop but the shoe keeps goingToo LargeThese boots were too tight.I opened it and now i cant close the freaking clasp! Has anyone else experienced this?Way to small didn't even work wellIf only I had read the reviews. This is an in-house, poorly screenprinted, FAKE guy harvey shirt. Do not buy!It's s***I have a small head and this still to tight and unconfortable!!!I expected better quality from my Irideon. The snaps were cheaply put on and of cheap qualityI have been an 8 1/2 for 40 years, these are way to narrow and way too small.So disappointed by these. I love Cuddl Duds generally, but these were so thin, so baggy. I'm not sure what "Flexfit" is supposed to mean, but these didn't really flex or fit.Beautiful but the battery needed to be replaced the first week, and the watch no longer keeps accurate time; it runs slow. I am returning it.Lots of wrinklesPurchased shoe 5/2016.  The toe of the shoe is too narrow and squeezes my toes also it looks "plastic" and runs large (flopped off of the back of my heel).  I'm returning the shoe and am very disappointed that the vendor ShoeMall requires that I pay for shipping the item back to them to return it.  Lousy customer services!  Don't waste your time or $.cheap. terrible quality.A very boxy and awkward fit. Arms were entirely too shortfits 2 sizes small and is see trough. disappointed all aroundAfter wearing it for a few days the leather is starting to peel.  I'm embarrassed because the second one I bought was for a gift. Sorry I spent the money.....Waist is about 2" less than advertised & there is no "stretch" built in to the pants.Fell apart at the Seams during first use.Sizing is way off and the quality is pretty flimsy. Way cuter in the ad than in person. Such a shameVery cheap made. Top part is way small but the body part fit great. Better for someone with a small chest.I liked the shoes, but the quality is bad. The stitching started to come unsewn after 3 weeks. I'd read some reviews about the poor quality, but thought I'd give it a try. Sorry I did. I sent them back. If the quality was good, the shoes would be great.I bought this suitcase because I thought it would be durable. I was mistaken. After only 6 months and 3 domestic flights, I have to buy a new suitcase. The corners have all become significantly indented. Briggs and Riley won't repair  even though they have this amazing warranty (in theory)  because the bag is still usable. Just big dents.I bought these for a vacation. At first, I was pretty impressed by the quality given how cheap they were. However, over the course of my three day vacation, the grommets for the laces dug into the top of my feet, resulting in blisters which made it painful to walk. In the end, due to how cheap they were and how painful it ended up being to wear them, I threw them out.

If you buy these, I recommend that you use some sort of permanent adhesive rubber tape to cover the grommets where they contact your feet to protect them from injury.I bought all 3 sizes. The bigger ones are great. This 22 size does have a design flaw. When fully packed, it loses balance and falls forward.so soPoor craftsmanship! Too short, I am a 9N, this was very short! Shipping charges for purchase & returnsNot sturdy for real winters. Returned.These shoes look pretty nice, but mine were clearly worn previously when I opened the package.the jacket is looking good,  the purchased one is Asian XXXL, which stated the equivalent of a US Large. I am around 5' 11", even i am Asian. somehow it is still not fitting right. i can't rise my hand. and doesn't cover my hip. overall it looks good, but doesn't fit.I wear a size 36 B and bought a medium thinking it would fit, the material however does not stretch and it fit way too small. The straps were uneven and it was not cute. I am super disappointed in this purchase.Broke after 2 weeksIt said big boy size, and it barely fits my 2 year old.Very thinI bought these with great expectations, and a lot of excitement. I am a tall and fat woman, weighing in at 185 lbs on a good day and 190 lbs when I've actually eaten something, and I am about 5'8". You can imagine how much it broke my heart to look in the mirror after trying so hard to pull these on without ripping them, fidgeting to get them in the right spot, and turn around to see nothing but bulge here and there, a print that did not match what I saw on the screen, and an uncomfortable looking camel toe. These are not, by any means, one size fits all. These are one size fits thin and beautiful. Fat, round, curvy, chubby people, do not waste your money here. Please. It'll only do a number on your self esteem.After all the rave reviews,I was just sure I'd found my next shoe love....I was walking around barefoot by 9 am (I'm a high school teacher).  I love orthaheel and was tired of the same shoes day after day.so I did some research and these seemed to be highly recommended by just about everyone.  Well I am the exception! Bummer.I was disappointed after receiving this robe.  Although it was pretty, it was very thin and much shorter than it looks in this picture.  It obviously runs small.  On the positive side, it was extremely easy to return.  But I am still in the  market for the right silk robe.cut into my skin of my foot, the material is not very good.  The 9 dollar water shoes I bought from walmart is more comfortable.For teens.I ordered these boots for my husband to wear to work. We ordered the M pair first then sent back and got the W pair. They were both too narrow for his foot (he wears a 13) They had comfy insoles but said they killed the tops and sides of his feet. He wore the first pair 2 days and they already were so scuffed up I just didn't see them lasting a long time. Maybe if you don't work around wet stuff all day and are not on our feet all day these will be good. May take some time to break in but he just couldn't stand them to wear that long. Also said they were a bit heavy and his knees hurt after walking 8-10 hrs a day.I was expecting this purse to have more secure closures as I had seen on a purse a friend had ordered. I am disappointed.The shoes come from China with no box just in a bag, shoes was too small.It appeared navy blue. It is smaller than  I expected.Great style but the construction of these boots is very uneven - top of right shoe very uncomfortable due to excess leather at sewing joint, chafes constantly.The item is falling apart !I am very short and this fits me awkwardly.  Way too long and under the arms the sleeves were too big - I couldn't use a smaller size or it wouldn't work around my middle so I will probably wear it around the house but will not wear it outside anywhere- did like the color thoughMasive doesn't begin to describe these. I'm 6'1", 225 and athletic. The large regular hung off me like a tent. There's almost 12 inches from top button to crotch, putting them midway down my thigh. I have large legs, but there was twice as much material needed to be comfortable. These pants are so expensive because you're literally buying the material of two. Completely unwearable unless you are extremely fat. Disappointment is the only way to describe this mess trying to appear as pantsI am a women's size 9(men's 7) and these socks are very tight. I don't have big ankles and my calves are normal size but these socks are so tight the almost cut off my circulation.The band on this item will only fit flat on your body as shown if you are thin as the model.  Otherwise, the band rolls up.  If you have the right shape, it looks like a nice comfortable bra. Unfortunately, I don't have that kind of shape!  It also seemed to be a bit on the small side.  I usually wear a 1X.  Bought a 2X and still small.This seller is misleading.  The strap becomes separated (very easily) causing the wristlet to fall.  Cheap material.  Very dissatisfied.Don't expect quality on this, it's cheap and looks itthis product makes people think all plus-sized people are killers...Everyone said to go larger on the dress. I disagree it was too large. I am 5ft and 120 lbs. I needed a small not a medium.This item just broke into 2 pieces ( Sunday). This item was purchased nearly a year ago and we shouldn't be dealing with this type defect. Wife is very disappointed as she enjoyed wearing and displaying. I'm very apprehensive in purchasing another from this seller. I bought this because of the unique design and being 10k gold. She has another toe ring on other foot that wasn't as near expensive and been wearing for a couple years now with no problems. We are considering taking it to a jeweler to solder back together cause she like it so much...very disappointing and not satisfied.These shirts are VERY SMALL this supposed Mens Large (US) size was smaller than a Females size small after a single washing in cold and air dry, my ten year old daughter can't even wear it!The earring came broken! Which is unacceptableI have used these style of sandals going on 20 years and this is my first one from ECCO. To be honest the sandal is not comfortable, the stitching holds the straps on by the arch support is exposed and begins to cut into your arch after walking for a while. The foot-bed IS comfortable but built for very wide feet, so unless you have wide feet your foot will move more than it would with other brands, which in my case leads to red spots and possible blisters. The tread on them is OK but I get better traction from my Five-Ten's and Teva's, plus after only 7-10 wears the Velcro seems to losing it's grip.

Overall this sandal was a disappointment, especially since it is the most expensive one I have ever owned.

EDIT: After several months the foot-bed absorbed foot odor and I have not been able to get rid of it in any way. These sandals now stink, this has never happened to any other footwear that I have owned.BEWARE OF DISCOUNT SCRUBS AND FASHION. They consider bras an undergarment and don't allow any returns if you try the item on. I have NEVER ordered from a company that will not allow you to return a bra simply for trying it on. All tags were in place and it was in perfect condition but they rejected my return. Don't order unless you are 100% certain of your size (and the sizing in this one is somewhat different than the wired version of this same bra, so order at your own risk). I am now the owner of a bra that doesn't fit.Look better at the picture....didin't like itI purchased several of these shirts and some pants - they claim to be Alfred Dunner but if they are they are not labeled with correct sizing and at the best are 2nds - I have purchased this line for years and it always fits the same no matter what - these shirts - all of them are not even close to true to size - the sleeves are tights - the shirts are short - they do not meet the waist line at all - the pants advertised as a medium length (30-31 for the standard) have an inseam of about 27" - What a Disappointment and waste of time and money - donated the entire lot to the Good Will hoping someone can wear them  -One gauntlet was perfect. Unfortunately  the other one still had stiff, heavy duty plastic stuck over the insignia which was impossible to remove. So the set was useless.I plan to send this lighter back, it seems like a sticker not engraved like it stated.  Nothing wrong with the actual zippo lighter, only the design that is also crooked.Ordered Aqua and got an awful emerald green necklace. Will be returning immediately.Alright, so before i begin i have to emphasize a few things, I have had Asics for the last 6 years, and the Nimbus Model has been AMAZING! HOWEVER, I don't know what you guys did, but the new Nimbus 17 AND Nimbus 18 have been terrible. My feet begin to have planters fasciitis after repeated use of the newer models. I am scouring the web in order to find your old Nimbus 16 which were perfect. I don't know if Asics reads these reviews, but if you do WHY ARE YOU CHARGING $175 FOR THE 3 YEAR OLD VERSION!!! I mean seriously, the brand new model is $150 and the 3 year old version is $175?!?!? It almost feels like you know that the 16 were a better product. Now, with all of this being said, I can be bought....Please provide me a size 11 Male Nimbus 16 and I will remove this EXTREMELY accurate review, and i'll send you back these crappy Nimbus 17.No I Did Not  Like This Ring ! It Was Huge!!!  Good Quality ThoThe "ADIDAS Men's Sport briefs are by far better than these!
These are better than nothing I guess...The small size is no longer a small.Don't buy these I just tried on a brand new one and the strap ripped right off I'm very disappointedI really like the style  very sad  that when I was trying on it broke  very cheap material :(Way too small. I was surprised! But great customer service. Loved the shoes themselves, just surprised by the fit as I have never veered out of my regular size.At first I wrote a postive review as I love Brooks shoes, however after wearing this 3 times the heel sperated from the body of the shoe. I tried contacting the seller with no response. Now I am down $120 with shoes that are in the trash.Ordered it in a medium and fit like a mans XXL. It wasn't even the coat pictured and it smelled old and dirty.Too tight only one size so I didn't know what is was going to get.Very small. Doesn't fit a communication folder from preschool.I like Seiko watches, but this one is a little too masculine. It also didn't come with the guarantee certificate that usually accompanies a Seiko, which is probably why it's so cheap. The real reason I returned it though, is that the band is one of those that constantly pulls the little hairs on your arm. Too uncomfortable!These are not comfortable for me and hard to walk in.Very disappointed. Loved the fit but one of the heels snapped right off five minutes after putting them on for the first time. Had to return them.Ended up using something else since this wig did not look as attractive as the picture.  Sat on to of head but did not give impression of real hair.No. Just don't. I waited a long time for this dress and it finally came today. I was excited to open it and immediately knew it was way too small. I ordered an xl, I am 5'9 160lbs and wear a size large normally. I went up in size to xl and although it fit in the chest area (which most things don't, I have to pin my button up shirts) it was way too tight on my stomach, hips, rear. And was so short it didn't even reach my thighs. If you are super tiny I bet it would look nice. It is pretty however. But I wish it was true to size.Didn't satisfied, the battery is lasting only for less then 2 hoursNice looking watch it kept time for an hour or 2 then stop  it was shipped to me from a return center even though I bought it new, Amazon was excellent with return policy.Ecstatic when I first bought these but after 3 washes the elastic and lace fell apart.I like this ring because it's very pretty, but not made very well. I had it for a day and lost a diamond. Not sure how but if there is a way to tighten them in or something, please make the next ones a better qualityThey are cute. Very uncomfortable though. And not very well made but ok for the price.This thing is terrible.  The sleeves bunch up underneath the arms and make it terribly uncomfortable.  It is basically a bad compression shirt.And they could cover my neck without giving me a wedgie. If you wear the crotch of your pants at your ankles, these will probably work for you. The tags are the first thing to be removed, also a bad design used for generations.It fit right on me ok!!!!!!Terrible face, unreadable outdoorsThese glasses are crap! They are made for kids and the cheapness is evident.  The plastic is blemished and the lens was scratch right out of the mail.  They do not stay on your face and the plastic is rough.dress stretched every time I sat down. chiffon cape very cheap material (snagged). cost too much. I saw the same identical dress in JC Penney for $60.00. I am very disappointed. lace chiffon dress  looks cheap.They are not heavy duty as stated.Doesn't provide a flattering shape of the chest. I like my other ones from Motherhood Maternity better

Update: after a few months of use, the strap had loosen to a point where it keeps falling off my shoulders. Can't tighten the strap because the point at which the front piece latches on would be too far off the back.Is not What I specte, is really small watchToo large.Looks nice and I like it, but if you retuned because is too small or large they charge $21 I think is too much.Eventhoug the pants look great, the material is too thin, so when you wear it, your under wear pop up.I thought it was Polo by Ralph Lauren. This is a lower quality shirt.Pedi m veio super pequenoThese shoes are very small, they actually hurt my toes so much that I cannot wear them at all. Unfortunately, I missed the return window and now am stuck with shoes I cannot wear.The pajamas ran so large I would have  guessed that Omar The Tentmaker made them. Problem is I didn't save receipt so I couldn't return.Wore the bra once for normal daily wear and nursing, and one of the underwires broke through the middle of the bra.  Very disappointing.Wore only a few times and the top of one of the buttons popped off.  Have attempted to reattach but it refuses to stay attached.i ordered white toms,i received natural canvas khaki color-it is not the same!It says a pack of 5, but I only got 4. Also on the label it says body suits for girls and I bought this for my son.Kept unlatching. Seems like the latch would stay in the open position by the slightest movement. I have the brown one also and that one stays put. Must be a manufacturing defect. I returned the item.The quality is not very good. The manacle that it brings is a very bad qualityI was very disappointed in the quality of these shoes.  They fit large.  The feel of the shoes overall was very  uncomfortable, with a narrow heel and no padding.  I guess I expected more from Anne Klein. No wonder they were $18!!Nice pumps but I returned them because they are too narrow in toe area.  The leather is stiff and cuts into top of toes.The bra wasn't the correct size. Possibly a larger size would have been quite comfortable.  This would allowed for a better fit.The pin (where is the arc)  hurt me .I have a pair just like these in  size 7.5, so I ordered a 7.5.  These were way too big.  I can't keep them on my feet.  I checked to make sure they were the correct size.  Don't know if they are seconds or not, but the size  isn't right.  The shoe itself is really nice.  I spent quite a bit of time trying to find the same shoe .  Extremely  disappointed.  Review would have been a 5 star if size was right.Not exactly what I expected. The pendant seems to be too small, but nice craftsmanship.I've ordered packs from this company in the past - they used to be excellent quality, decent size and decent price. The latest version has completely sacrificed the quality of previous versions, and I'll be returning these packs - the first time I've ever returned anything to Amazon.

The materials as so thin as to be translucent, including the leather - a few days use will see seams start to pop, and the material is so thin that you expect it to fall apart if it happens to get exposed to direct sunlight, let alone physical stress. The size of all compartments has been shrunk to the point where a cell phone will no longer fit in in the phone pocket.

All that said, the belt strap is a bit better than in times past - much wider. However, the amazingly poor quality of the rest of the back makes it unacceptable. Unless you need a disposable, single-use day pack, avoid at all costs.I have been wearing these boots for at least 6 years as my daily footwear.  The boot is comfortable and the sole is non-slip on trail rocks. I now spend 99% of the time walking on the carpet through the office, back and forth to my vehicle and am very disappointed in the boot. The sole wears out in less than 6 months - I weigh 200 #s. Also, the loops for the laces tear up the laces in about 3-4 months. They have really cheapened down this boot. It's not worth more than $80. I think they are now made in China - nuff saidcrappy fit, not very stretchy.  low rise, constantly sliding down.I think for 20.00 its made flimsy with thin material. It's smaller than i thought it would be and i don't like the way the camo looks up close. I'm not happy with this product.The top was really big and the bottoms were very small.not wide at allUpdate: Lost my CC card in the is Wallet, the rubber band holders are just not strong enough. Everything else came in really good. But that was the only thing that doesn't work. You run the risk of losing your credit cards if in that area. I would try to re-work this product, but you get what you pay for.Too expensive and monogram on sleeve unwarranted...I don't know who thinks these leggings are 5 stars but the pair I received are terribly baggy, obnoxiously smelly and too short to wear comfortably. I'm, 5'7 and weigh 115, I have very thin, long legs which are hard to find pants for, but I've never had a problem finding a pair of leggings because they are supposed to stretch and fit to the form of the person wearing them. But these leggings are horrible, they do not stretch or fit to anyone's form. I gave them to a friend who is bigger then me cause I thought they might fit her better and they are still baggy and wrinkly.Son had the exact same style and size that fit him perfectly.  These were at least two inches smaller in the waist.  Sizing not standard.The torso is quite short. I can't wear it. Thinking about returning it or donating it.I like the looks of the watch, but it cuts the back of my hand every time I wear it. If I could I would return it for a different onevery bad material and it's size is more than normal :(These glasses will only fit a small child's face/head. My suggestion would be to pop the cheap plastic lenses out when in use because you can't see through them well at all - and they look better when worn this way.  The arms kept popping off and they weren't even being handled in a reckless way...but they can be snapped back on. Just too much of a hassle in my opinion.tarnished quickly and clasp broke within first week. way to thin connections.wish it would have stayed toghether.hope for a discount on a thicker chain?Runs smallthought it was bigger . . . earring look like it will fit babiesComplete crap!It's not that they aren't a nice pair of sandals.
They just don't fit my feet properly.
Hoping I can return them.Flip flop was too short for a size 12It is not the same a the picture so badToo narrowThis gets one star because more on description is needed to help parents know that this model is smaller than most models of the size range.top was way to small to wearHonsestly this is very thing and the grommets are cheap this is def a inside flag u hang on your wall like i do in my dorm. But there is one problem with this while i like it because its unique being both fire and police support. MADE IN CHINA???? REALLY? This is not wal mart find an american producer and i may buy another but when this is gone its GONE.Just too see through and thin.Not pleased. Before this purchase, I went to a uniform store and tried on at least 20 Cherokee tops and bottoms in all different sizes in petite and regular. They did not carry my preferred style of top, so I purchased the bottoms and decided to buy tops through amazon using size ranges I had figured out in store. I ordered an XS and it fits like a youth large. Bizarre fit in arms and armpits, short cap sleeves and short torso not long enough to tuck in without gaps. Same thing happened in navy blue, very disappointed. I have worn mens scrubs provided at work, and none have ever fit this oddly. Will be going with another brand for scrub tops in the future.Watch looks good, BUT, you can not adjust the band! Took it to a pro jeweler and couldn't even get the job done. And the band looks as though it would were very quickly. Unfortunate, wanted this one badly. I suggest not wasting your time. There are many other great pieces out there.It arrived brokenDid not come with pocketI ordered these jeans in the correct size and the length should have been okay.  They run very small and the length was ridiculous. They hit me about mid calf, not as advertised in the photo.  Be cautious when ordering this item, order up a size and only purchase them if you have short legs.Not what we were looking for. Poor quality.Is so tight, it's sometimes hard to wear.Shirt came with a hole in it.  Good thing it wasn't expensive.  It is worn under other shirts.  So it still gets used.  No biggie.Maybe my legs are too muscular to wear these, or maybe it is the shoes. As soon as i put them on I though: woman. Go ahead and get these if you want to dress like a lady.Just bought some other brand of shorts the day these came in the mail . Same size and these pants would not  even button up !I always buy XL and this was way too small. Sleeves were 2-3 inched too short for my arms and too tight to zip up. The material seemed really nice though. I was sad it didn't fit.Not as comfortable as portrayedYou pay for what you get, it feels cheep and weak. Returned it asapThe front side looks great but the back side is a real detriment to the costume. I would have gladly paid a bit more for a complete costume.unable to use and the seller did not wanted to change itthey are too small frame, quality is not bad for the price, but they are way to small, more like kids sizeBroke first dayPretty but arrived with the chain broken...Good looking shoe but way too tight and very heavy (heaviest steel toe boot I've ever tried on).great style but worst quality. With in 2 months, the ear support broke and an month later, the nose support cushion fell off.The shirt started to fall apart after four washers.WAY thin, too big for the skinny.  returned.It came with multiple scratchesNice shoes, but they were really wide on my husbands narrow feet.What a terrible idea.

It is never proper dress etiquette to wear both a belt and suspenders. These REQUIRE you to wear both.
I guess they are good if you want to look like a rube for Halloween, otherwise just don't..Very cheaply made several feathers fall off every time you pick it up.  No where near as thick as it appears in add.was disappointed at the quality. I guess you get what you pay for. Returned.Theyre cheap flat knockoffs i cant even see theu lenses, they're distorted....Broke the very first time I tried to undo the segmentmy 8 1/2 year old did not like them.  The band is not comfortable to her.These were to replace a pair of  608 shoes I purchased 4 years ago. The old pair was sixed 14 B.The new shoes were 14 D. They were narrower ans shorter than the 14 B shoes. That should never happen . I returned them the same days as I received them.One of them broke within a month.Way too small and little support for the breasts and just like the others, I would have loved to be able to use a wireless bra, but apparently the fact not having a wire, makes the support, width, and cup size be completely unrealiable.This costume was too small for my 4 month old. I don't know how it is expected to be ok for a 6 month all. The size should be 0-3 month because that's what it really is, not 3-6. In addition, the material is not as it looks in the picture. It is thin, looks very cheap and poorly made. It is way to expensive for the product you get. Overall a great disappointment.I bought these one year ago. Today the spring on the case is no longer keeping it closed and my glasses can fall out easily. I took very good care of this case throughout that year.

It's up to you. If you think it's worth your money for the case to last about a year then buy them. As for me I'm going to buy a new case that will last longer.Cute jacket but runs really small. Ended up giving it to my daughter.Watch broke about 7 minutes after I tried it on. It looked very chintzy too.I loved these when I got them, but, the seam started coming apart after one wear.Don't waste your money, Complete crap. Maybe this works on some cheap watchbands, but not on the wife's brand new watch. Don't buy it!Didn't do much of anything but bunch up and move around. The underside turned into an overwire and the bottom ride up and wouldn't stay down. Very disappointing....Not cotton, not readable, check out the photo of this thing.  Terrible quality.I tried probably 6 or 7 times to reset the combination and could never get them to work.  I'm waiting to hear back from the seller on whether they will "make good" on these locks; otherwise, save you money as these do not work.Way too big.Shrunk badly, made the pants so short they reach my knees.I returned this coat.  It was tight in the bust, loose in the waist, and the belt gapped terribly.Horrible... terrible materialMy two biggest complaints: The buttons are thin and feel cheap. I get the distinct impression the buttons will break in short order. In addition, the front pocket depth is very small- only going about an inch below the bottom of the pocket opening. So things fall out of the front pockets with ease. Overall unimpressed.If you want pants that come to your navel, these are for you. Grand daddy pants, you just need braces and you're done.Search in socks under "diabetic" seems to ignore that "diabetic" label. These have tight tops and are excruciating for my diabetic legs... 3 thumbs down.The shirt and cape fit well (I ordered a size Large after reading reviews, normally would have ordered a Small). However, the product description and the package said it was supposed to come with the headband too, and it didn't come in the shipment. Not sure if this was a one-time error, or whether none of them actually come with the headpiece.Sorry but this bag did not feel or smell like leather.  Returned ASAPNothing like the pic a whole completely different print lace than in the picI've been wearing boots for a very long time and really liked the look of this simple work boot. I have also owned other Ariat boots for casual wear not work with no problems. This boot is the most uncomfortable boot I have ever owned. Not quiet sure what the problem is, no arch support or what ? I saw that the reviews were mixed both great and bad and unfortunately I agree with the bad reviewers. Maybe your luck will be better.The Batman symbol part of the earring came discolored and the bar is rather long, making it uncomfortable at times. I hate returning things through Amazon, so I won't return it, but I would if the return process was easier.If I could give these boots 0 stars, I would! Where do I begin..? First of all - I did read the reviews. I figured that any of the glitches would have been fixed by now, since there were a few comments stating such things as a glued down sole, two different colored boots, and two left boots. I was WRONG. I got a pair of boots that had TWO RIGHT FEET, AND THEY ARE DIFFERENT SHADES OF BROWN!?! The sole is also glued down and looks very flimsy. This is ridiculous. I spent $50 on these boots. How does the seller let something like this get by?!?! I am definitely returning these and I WILL NOT buy from this seller or this brand again. Waste of time and money.When you say titanium you think extreme durability. One week in and the black finish is coming off the edges. I have other rings of a similar type Ive worn for years and they won't scratch much less loose their finish in a matter of a week. Save your money.I ordered a black hat. The image is black. The description says black. The color was supposed to be black. The hat came white.I had to return them because they just didn't look right on my footI absolutely fell in love with these shoes and they are so beautiful, but they are very poorly designed.  You cannot tell by looking at the shoe itself, but the top/side of the shoe that meets right at your ankle is a little higher than on most shoes and it literally dug into my ankle bone.  I was so disappointed because I love these shoes so much but I was physically not able to even walk in these because of the cutting into my ankle.  I am 5'6' and wear heels every single day...I am one of those people that has a "shoe collection"...and even I have never encountered a problem like this.  I own a ton of Badgley Mischka shoes and love the label but this particular shoe is just a no go.runs very smallDOES NOT WORK TO TIGHT ON THE LEGThese shoes are so unbelievably uncomfortable, I can't describe the pain that I experience when I put them on my feet. However, they go with so much and the print is so cute that I am willing to sacrifice my pinky toes for the sake of fashion, so I kept them.I really loved the minimalist feel and look of this watch. It was a good value, considering the Skagen brand. However, not more than after 1 month of wearing it daily, the glass lens cap fell off the watch face - without any damage or impact. I was merely taking it off my wrist and laying it down on my counter when the cap fell right off! For this I am rating it 1-Star.Item was suppose to be a medium and tag says it is, but fits like an XL.Size very smallI just got it in and the bottom was unraveling and I had to hem it myself. The shirt is made of thicker and corser material than how it appears in the photo, I would not buy this.It was too large even though I bought the size I usually wear. It does not look like a female pants. I'm convinced I was sent a male pants.  Would never buy another one and I can't even wear this one . Not a good buy totally waste of my moneyThe shoes get 5 stars for style.  However, they are sized more than a size too small.  Based on reviews, I ordered two pair: one a half size and another a whole size larger than my regular size. Sadly, even the whole size larger is still shorter than any similar shoe I own.  I would need at least an additional half size up, which isn't available.  Too bad they don't fit as they should.I was unsure about buying this but wanted to save a few bucks. Out of the box the display cover came off and I had to reattach it. The product works so-so but not the way I wanted. I tested it on a few items and decided to return it for a better one.
It was not worth the cost savings because I thought it was a piece of junk and now will waste my time returning it.

I'm getting a better one.Had them less than 6 months before the trim around the top started to break up then the soles cracked and and now at on 11 months the soles have split. Very disappointed only-ever warn indoors on carpet and hardwood floors will certainly never buy another pair.Wasn't true to size , nice materialI can't enter my feet. The wide is small for me.  Anyway inlike this boots. But i can't wear it too sadtoo expensive for a single pieceJunk!  Should have known  Bent to thinIt is much too big and for some reason I cannot find away to return it as there is NO LINK despite saying free returns on the product site.Way too largedoes not meet expectation, the material is not as expected. Zippers are too big for the cloth that was use, bidding can be better.Not true to size at at. I wear a medium. I bought a large because of what the other people were saying on here and that was too small!! So I gave it to a friend that is smaller than me and she didn't even like how it fit. Doesn't cover your butt right at all.my lights went out in 2weeks n ian wear them with the lights on but twice..The costume was too small when i put it on okay quality materialFits weird. Had to double it as I'm small in stature and still it's quite long. I paid extra to get it early. Very disappointed, wouldn't recommend-would not buy again.VERY GOODI'm not sure what I expected, at this price, but I know for a fact that it was not the product that arrived.  This mask is LITERALLY nothing but the eye shape (as pictured) cut out of thin felt fabric and sewn to two sashes to secure it to your face.  I could have made my own of EXACTLY the same quality in less than five minutes with fabric, scissors, and two lines of stitching.  I did not, and would not actually wear this, and would not recommend it except, MAYBE, as a building block to create your own mask on.  It looks cheap - enough so that if it were part of your costume, everyone would know you paid very very little for it and you'd be embarrassed to admit it cost $5.  It probably cost the manufacturer less than a dime.Not terribly in love with this sweatshirt. Right away there seemed to be issues, I ordered the newer 100% cotton but received the original cotton synthetic blend. The overall feel was pretty thin and some of the stiching seems sloppy. After a couple weeks I noticed how easily it stained compared to my other sweaters. Now after a couple months of on/off use the stiching is coming undone along where the cuffs meet the sleeves and the sweater seemed to be worn thin. Was hoping this would last for at least one season as a house sweater.these glassed are not SUNCLOUD, they are some Chinese junk named 0KLEY EYEWEAR.. I have purchased suncloud in the past and have been very happy with their product.  amazon is trying to resolve the problem with the seller.Material is ok but not that good quality.Very stiff, sent backNot the quality or workmanship I remember. This is my second pair and whoever manufactured these vs. the original pair ... have fallen back quite a bit.
In addition they just do not fit. A shame really. Should not have bought shoes over the web, my bad.I was so looking forward to getting this. Should have listened to the prior reviews. It is super- super small and will not fit a girl that wears size zero.
I guess one of my skinny friends will benefit from this. So disappointed.My son could only take the briefcase to school two months and is split in manigueta and slide to end completely damaged. you can do about it?I made sure to get the size I need, but this is not even an ex lg. mens size, let alone a 3x. We love the shirt and it is made well.Just received this in black and white.  The quality is better than expected for the price.  I will be returning it, however, because the thickness of the belt is wider than I realized from the picture (my fault for relying on the pic and not the product dimension). Also, the buckle is very long and overall larger than I'd like.  I have found some at the red bullseye store that are more of the trendy skinny belt I was looking for.  Not a bad product for someone is less particular, especially for the price.The dress fits me well, but I don't like the fabric. It is very coarse and makes a lot of noise when I move around. So I returned it.Very Very thin material . The sizing is very OFF.Seam was starting to come undone after first wash. Not very happy for the price.Was not what I was expecting. Too big. The neck was very big. Not a warm sweater. Not for me.Very cheaply made. I can hardly latch the necklace because the hook is small. I like it but it's not something I would pay $14 for.The band broke after wearing it 5 times.  The clasp retainer (fold-down end piece) separated from where it was attached, I could barely get it off my wrist. I had only worn it a few times, and it was suddenly difficult to undo the clasp- I did finally open it.  When I looked closely, one side of the loop (retainer) was no longer attached and that made it bind.
I returned the watch.  I didn't order another one because that kind of problem should NEVER happen, and I don't have any confidence that another one wouldn't break the same way.  The watch appeared to be nice, I liked the size of it and I would have kept it if the band had not broken.  The only oddity is that it looks a little weird with no text or wording on the watch face. But it's nice and big, the date was clearly visible, and it really looks like a big brother to the real GMT.No padding in the forefoot. Runs narrow.Pretty shoe. Not leather. No comfort. Quality and fit not as expected.Sorry to report there was a manufacturing defect resulting in the right shoe noticeably wider than the left. Had to return the shoes.I've had three SAK bags before & have loved them.  This one isn't anywhere like them......leather gets marked easily & the zip doesn't close entirely.......spaces on each side  which defeats having a zip. I'll be giving mine to charity.  Very disappointed indeed.Other people claimed they have no buzzing sound. I must've been lucky since there is DEFINITELY one coming from the controller. The light is also purple when the tutu is pink. It's not TERRIBLE, and it's far too close to my event to return / wait on another. Will likely not purchase this brand again.i bought size 6,5 but some how the shoes is size 6 or even less. on box size 6,5 , on shoes  6,5 but it is toooooo small. I cannot sand them back ,because I was a pretty sure it is my size because I tride the same brand of shoes in some shop on the land, very disapointed!Its way too tight. He usually wears a size 5 and this was very tight.After wearing less than 10 times one of the lace buttons has fallen off. Boots are no longer wearable the way I like them to be.Bought this well ahead of a planned trip and it looked good on first sight.  Unfortunately, during the trip found out that there was small error in the stitching so the side zipper didn't work.  Luckily the two passports in there hadnt fallen out, but thats really its one job so thats pretty lame.  Just saw this happened to someone else too.  And since I bought it so far ahead of time I cant really do anything about it I guess.  Careful, inspect it well.Print was really bad and pixelated, I returned it immediately.My husband and I have worn Altra running shoes for years and loved them. We decided our son needed a better shoe, so we ordered his first pair of Altras...in less than 6 weeks he already needs a new pair, within the first 2 weeks the whole front had worn off, taking the color with it, like its made from rubbery styrofoam or something (the soles of the shoes are made of this same material). Now there are holes in the tops of the shoe. Hes 9 years old and plays rough, on hands and knees, up and down, but his pair of Under Armour shoes before this pair are still in much better shape. We won't be buying these shoes again.My friend bought these a few months ago and really hoped to love them.  She didn't.  But she doesn't want to bother writing a review here on Amazon.  So I'm doing it for her.

These flip flops are squishy giving them good elasticity.  But the tops where her feet step on are slick and she slides around.  This is not desirable for a shoe to do yoga in.  They also apparently take in water and are squishy when walking on wet pavement, like around a swimming pool.  Although walking round a pool is not their listed purpose, in my opinion this is another quality that makes them unsuitable.

Why are these flip flops only for women?  I think it's taking advantage of all the women who buy them.I realize this is fitted however, the youth size 12 is more like a youth size 6 or 7. Had to return and will not reorder because of the sizing.This shoe is not up to the usual Rockport standards. Not comfortable at all. I will no longer purhcase Rockport shoes if this is what it has come too.Did not fit to sizeThey look very nice! But I ordered a size 9 and I received a size 5.Broke within a weekThe size was too large for a 36 D. I wanted to return the item and the seller replied stating that return shipping is not free and has to be paid by the buyer.

The material was soft and good. Anyways I am returning this bra.Not even closeSmaller then expected. Hoping the quality is at least worth the outrageous priceLiterally broke the first day I got itWhile the neck fits properly.  The length of the shirt comes down to just above my knee and the sleeves are about 2 inches short.  I made the mistake of buying 6 of these shirts.  Waste of money.  Do not buy!!!!I had to give this dress away although I liked the fabric.  The large was way too large and the length in the torso was way too short.Very clever design - convenient finger holes (especially those located at the thumbs for easy texting). However, very poor quality of gloves. The inside lining of BOTH of the gloves tore away from the outer knitted shell after only a couple wears. Too bad - very cute and intelligently designed.The skirt fit fine and I liked it, though the short portion of the skirt was a little shorter than I'd imagined.  I tried it on, everything was good!
I went to wear it to dinner, zipped it up and the zipper promptly split and got jammed at the top!
:/
I suppose I should be glad this happened at the house and not in public right?  I'm not a big girl, the zipper wasn't straining ( 5'5", 118) and I didn't even wash it so it could get"damaged"  it just quit on me!
Very disappointed and too late to send back.I wanted to love this outfit.  It looks great on the model in the picture here.  I received a size medium, which is my normal size.  This just had an oddness to it.  The top is a beautiful purple, but was to tights int he shoulders and bust for me.  I normally wear a 36A bra, so it wasn't a bust issue.  Then  the hip area seems to wide, there is extra material there or something.  I loved the idea of this one piece, easy dressing but this did not work for me.  I am 5' 7, 36A and wear medium to small sizes.  This just didn't fit right.Don't didn't work for only a couple of days! No good!They are ok. The color is a little off and they material at the back is rough.These are NOT sterling silver. They cause an allergic reaction and are unwearable.run smallI am a bigger girl and I got the largest size available. It fit but not well. If you are full-figured or well endowed then probably not the best choice. I'm a size 18, 5'7I was so excited to get my backpack! The color and size came out as expected, beautiful! BUT the more I looked at it, I saw there was a scuff/peeling mark on the left bottom strap, and the top straps were crooked and going left instead of straight up and down no matter how I angled them or tried to straighten. The holder for the left strap was clearly sewn crooked which contributing to the crookedness. There is a tiny hole on the fabric. There is a stain on the back. I don't care if I'm being nitpicky. For $100 wtf is this??? I asked for a replacement, so we shall see!Cheap materialThe bra is a little small but comfortable enough.  The low review is because I suspect it's a knock-off.  The stitching is frayed and it looks a little worn just out of the package..Way too big.. Small is a large.One leg was longer than the other!! I have not received this product so far, other than the shoe of diesel have arrived, please check what happened. Thanks MarcioThis was much thicker than I thought it would be.  The card sleeves are quite thin and tear at the seams after putting a card in and out a few times.  The snap is a pain to line up and close.  It will just sit on my dresser with cards that I seldom use.It came early but I'm soooo disappointed because the tights has a BIG hole  .planning to return it.quality control is poor.1 stone fell out on day 1. threw in garbageThe color was vibrant and beautiful. However, the material was not so comfortable.buckle broke free from belt within a week. what a joke...the mask should have been shipped with packing peanuts or other material to protect the mask, or the mask could have been in an internal box. All the feathers were broken in transit, which makes the mask look a little shabby. The description did not explain that the mask is supported by a black headband, which allows the mask to be lifted up onto the forehead or top of the head- which is a nice feature.  I like the size of the mask on my face; it covers most of my nose. I can see well through the eye holes, which has been a problem with other masks. Aside from the damage, it is a pretty nice mask for the price. Can I exchange the damaged mask for an undamaged mask?Get what you pay for. Not real sturdy but works ok.The details say it's Thermal pants...but it's not!
It's just another normal pants...
It's tiny for chinesse people...
I really hate itLabeled as being "with jingling bells," it does not jingle.This product is not a genuine Marie E product. Buyers beware.What happened!? Did Hanes cheapen up their socks? I ordered these socks thinking they were the same type of Hanes crew socks I bought at box store. I've been slowly replacing the store ones after they wore out. These ARE THINNER and not as cushioned as my older socks were. After only a couple of washings I hear the crackling of breaking elastic when I put the socks on and now they don't stay up as well. I won't purchase these again and trying another brandIt looks like a $10 necklace.  Good quality for $10.  You get what you pay for.  I agree, it's so shiny it looks cheap.  Otherwise, shipment was fast and arrived in perfect condition.Got order fast, but
-based on look item is OVERPRICED: it was posted as an original price of $345 and discounted to $69.99. Have anybody ever bought them for a full price? Cannot imagine.
-No any paper or instruction enclosed. On Amazon movement posted as Swiss, on manufacturer's web- as Japanese movement for the same item?!Hundreds of millions of rabbits are slaughtered for their fur and their flesh every year. They are often killed by having their necks snapped or having their skulls beaten before being strung up by the legs and having their heads cut off.Look to masculineThese were unfortunately way too small:(Watch was not working when it arrived, turned out to be it had no battery. I changed the battery, and while making the extension shorter it snapped out. By the way, stopwatch does not stop at 12, it stops randomly around 10.

Looks really nice but poor quality, fair for the very low price.Not juniors sizes at all..i purchased a medium according to the size chart...the sweater is huge!! the material is terrible...really cheap...would return it if i could...I can't step into this boot with my high arches.  I'm afraid a larger size wouldn't help as It has more to do with the shape of my foot than the sizing.  Disappointing,  because these boots are beautiful and of high quality.  Perhaps a full side zipper rather than a half zipper would help with getting these on and off.I'm a 36D cup and it fit my mother a 36B I ordered a XLIt was okAll my Nine West pumps are a 6 so I got a 6. My heel slips but my toes are smashed in there. :(Dlvd in good time.  A bit pricey!  I ordered White but color was really definitely a light grey!!!!!This thing is horrible.  You can tell its very cheap and it gives no support.  I order a 38C and I'm upset I spent my money on this!  Not worth it at all.  VERY VERY CHEAP and made poorly.This item is crap and cheap don't recommend this itemWas to smallFor 15 dollar toddler sweatpants I would expect them to hold together long enough to come out of the package. Super cute but they run very large and are poorly sewn together. Easier to sew them myself they try and return.My daughter bought these for her bff's birthday. She loved the Jack socks! On the other hand the Sally socks suck! She could not pull them up her legs. The do not stretch and are not made to fit a 15 year old average weight girl. Major defect in how that pair was made.Too small, no matter the size.very good looking and comfortable ....however 2 stars because of durability .the sole is coming off .disappointed .want to returnFit was awfulReceived shoes that were scratched and dirty/used.This bag is very roomy, and the look of it is cute, however the material is not so great. I knew this was a faux leather product when I purchased it, but I was not expecting it to feel SO fake. I've purchased many Nine West purse over the years, and this was a bit of a disappointment. If it had just been made of better quality material I would have loved it. Maybe the material has a better feel in different colors, but the Snow Petal color was not nice. This item was returned.Love the look of this watch.  The silicone chain looks pretty cool and the face is easy to read.  But it barely fits my wrist (way tight).  I'm a nurse, so I need to be able to pull it up to wash my hands since it's not even marked as being splash resistant.  My biggest complaint about it, though, is that it isn't accurate.  I kept having to reset it all day because it kept losing time.  It usually runs about 15-20 minutes slow. Would return it if I hadn't already worn it.Other reviews stated that there was no support and that it stretched to were they were non wearable again.  After look at the different styles i figured they were talking about the black lace ones, so i ordered the standard black ones......Yes the same goes for those.  They stretch and have zero support.  I should have listened to the other reviews.....shame on me.  If you want to wear them for 15 minutes then throw them in the trash, these are for you.Poor quality and finishes , they lose color with a few washings. Volera not really buy this product or a similar one .For starters, you get what you paid for. Overall, I like the length and the texture of the hair. However, I ordered light blonde and I got sent blonde, which is a deep gold and not what I needed whatsoever. I had trouble finding the part in the hair. The wig looks like it has bangs, but it must be longer strands tucked and pinned to the other side. The wig only serves me well in the sense that my costume requires a hat (thank GOD).I will not auto close for Me because They run too smallThe shoe was wore once and the side of it has a hole. Not sure if stitching was loose or just a dud but they are currently ruined I tried to sew it but was unsucessful ..  Never had an issue with their shoes before.Zipper was broken when I opened the package.Poorly executed stitches and one of the straps was literally attached by a thread. Will have to return. Sleeves on the jacket were also oddly tight! Would not recommend this item!These are very cheap feeling sunglasses.  The kind of dollar store glasses that don't sit level on your head.  I wouldn't bother.Spend extra buy elsewhereThis was not the style of dress that was pictured.  They sent me a XL and I ordered up a size so they didn't need to send me the XL. It was still not a good fit at all.  I gave it to my daughter.They looked cheap. I returned themNot cotton as advertised. Some kind of elastic stretchy material I have never seen before. The image on the back was lifted from a very low resolution picture.  By the time they enlarged it, it became very blurry and not crisp and clear. So on the back I have a blurry picture of a "Wooden Ship".  Are they even an licensed re-seller of CSN items?  Pirated?  If not and I was one of the CSN trio I would be embarrassed.  I am glad it was cheap.  Not a loss of any real $$.

As a side note, very seldom do I give a rating below 4 stars.  To give this a 1 says much.

Update Jul-16-2016
I find it interesting that this supplier got a number of what looks like "Bogus and Fake" 5-Star reviews just after their 1st review which was mine. Trying to pad the star count??? I would have left well enough alone. But now I am forced to report them to Amazon. Dishonest, dishonest, dishonest!!!!

Update Jul-31-2016
Just put the shirt in the trash.  What else was I going to do with it?  Warning to all.  Look at the real reviews and not the bogus ones the vendor made up.  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS VENDOR.We ordered size 4T and it was too small.Quality isn't good. We had to return it.After wearing only 3 [yes three] times the shoes [both] begin to squeak when I walked.  Did not bring them on trips as they were new and I only wanted to break them in at the home office.  So 3 wearings and squeaks.  China made. Likely poor supplier control from Nunn Bush and low quality adhesive.  30 day return policy leaves me stuck.This shoes are too narrow and small. I ordered navy color. And the insole is badly attached with cheap glue.Ugly shoulder pads giving uneven bump!!!A little too small. I had to give them to someone else but they're really nice on someone else feet.Weird shaped shoe, material was a little tougher than what i thought. Had to returnToo smallI think this hat would even be too big for Andre the GiantLooks good hope it will stretch out. Way too narrowIt wasn't true to size. It was to big. And the buttons on the side made it uncomfortable to wear a beltAwful fabricAll the stones are broken, they don't look like the picture at all.These seemd fine, at first. However, the pocket decoration began coming off in almost no time and the knees streched out with very little wear.Love the shoes however they do run a little bigI bought a large and this wouldn't fit a size extra small.  No label tag on the dress.  Very cheap.Returning.After only one month they already look old. The pink is rubbing off the toe. Disappointed. After two months they look like they are hand me downs that are years old.It is too large and the material does not look good, Under the arm is tight and the dress it big.Tried these for 2 months and the shoe shape got distorted. My foot started hurting wearing these. Recommend not to buy this product.Not happy with the fabrick.  Looks cheap and runs large.Love the patriotic flag, but this broke within a week. The pin on the very bottom fell out. I have been looking for another, but had to go back to my plain black Swiss one that has been working for over a year with no problems.Side 5/6 too small need side 6/7 pls. ThanksBad quality not originalAlthough the design is beautiful, and my daughter really love it. The stitching started to come apart after 3 days of wear.  It's a little too expensive, based on what else is available in the market, for that to happen.Would have been a nice cart, but the box it came in was too small. It crushed bottom of the bag, and it won't stand upright.Because there are no 1/2 sizes, I ordered the size 7...too small, and I believe the 8 will be too large, have to send back.Thank you!They were not true to size.  I even ordered a bigger size and still tightbad qualityWas not true to sizeThe pants are 10 inches too long for my husband who is 5' 11' and this fabric is not easy to sew. They are very soft and would be great if he couldn't pull them up to his ears while they are still too long.So what disappointed that the shoe was too small.These shoes have been nothing but problems!  They are cute and I love the look of them, but one shoe gave me a huge raw spot from where the zipper rubs on my leg within the first hour of wearing them. When I took them to the repair shop, all they could do is put a piece of rubber over that part.  Then about the 3rd time I wore the shoes, the entire sole of both shoes came off!  Again I went to the shoe repair shop, and was told they could not be repaired because they have a bad design and nothing to glue the sole back down to.  Wish I would have sent them back!!I read all the reviews and purchased a 2 sizes larger.  1 because I wear a L in juniors and 2 because the review said it fit small.  I ordered the XL and it was HUGE!!  It is totally see-thru.  I gave it to my daughter to wear while running in the rain.  I love it on the model...hated it on!Looked cheaply made.  returned.Don't waste your money this tangles so much.  In it sheds like crazy you'll have two strands of hair on the wig by the third wearRuined my nieces 30th birthday for me as the watch I bought her didn't work. Where's the quality control!Waist waaaay too big!Still have not revived parcel June 2, however was cleared customs on may 7th... I would love to see through my d&g'sToo thick, I think I can wear it to the North Pole, but I didn't need.I like the material, a Lycra blend, and the color (pink) is great, but the design is not the best. It seems underdesigned and not thought out, really. It looks terrible out of the package, but it's stretchy and conforms to you and so it looks better on. These are in NO way running shorts; anyone who says so is lying. They are either underwear or club wear, suitable for gogo boys. The one-size business is annoying. I wear 36" and I'm muscular and I think these wouldn't work for anyone bigger. I like that they're made by our neighbors in Mexico. The price is a bit high, considering the really basic design, though. If they were more like shorts and not the novelty they appear to be, I'd buy more. They are not awful, but they're not the best either.  This particular product isn't enough to make me want more pairs.Where is my refundNo I believe u need to have large for a comfortable  suiting!Furious!!  I have been wearing Gold Toe Ribbed Crew Socks for many years now.  These socks are nothing but cheap, thin, imported, poorly made imitations!  They are just garbage!  There wasn't even an invoice in the package!The material is heavier than I expected, And way too tight around the hips.This belt i thought it was a good belt because of the brand & it would last long but the firts month it started to loose the brown and the black split it sucks don't recommend no body to buy thisA little tight. Kind of pointless for breastfed infants because their stool is lose. The bowel movement will go through the diaper.Bought this as a gift because the rose gold is becoming more popular.  I am not impressed with this watch and am returning it.  Rose gold doesn't go with the black band material.  Also, do not feel that the face of the watch is shown well against the rose gold.  I have seen other rose gold watches and liked them, but decided to buy from Amazon, but won't be this brand and model. Look better in the picture.Thin and cheaply made should have bought from the bands web site
You get what you pay forThey broke the first day!!!! i just cannot believe it....The waist was too small... The only good thing is the fit for the leg is perfectFell apart when moved my fingerEven though these flip flops fit, I don't find them to be comfortable at all, and will probably return.doesn't look like pictureThis shoe is extremely narrow however it is made very nice and the material is great. The color is very bright and nice.The size is wrong. Fits like a 28-30 Sizetop fits true to size, pants are way too big, they feel as if they are two sizes bigger than top. Can not wear bottoms. Very disappointed.Awful shape. Wide and boxy. Who is this suppose to fit.. Ordered a large.. I do not recommend to average sized femalenot the right style - the foot wanted to walk right out of them!Seem to be good quality, but definitely made for the overweight. I'm not skinny and this still is not a good fit.Liked the bag for about a month until the main zipper broke off.It's very pretty, but the lock kept opening, my mom love it, but she almost lost it.Shoes were not comfortable. I own 10 pairs of crocks. This is the only pair I ordered online. This is also the only pair of light up ones . I will not order shoes online again.Both shoes fit differently.  Very disappointed.  And I have to pay a fee to return them.  Not acceptable.All the photos failed to show that it has a giant full bag-covering fold over flap closure in the front...and not a flap with a useful pocket or anything. Then inside, two little pockets in the side lining, not even big enough for a phone or a wallet. Sent back.I washed this onesie on the delicate cycle and dried it on the lowest setting in preparation for our son's birth. I was hoping to take it to the hospital. However, one of the snaps at the neck fell off. I have yet to find it in our washer or dryer. Very disappointed. (Amazon is not letting me post photos.)received wrong colorNot happy with these t shirts after washing 2 they shrunk up so bad my husband can't wear them going to return
The other 6 I bought 8The bead looked bright yellow but it ended being pine-color wood, non descript.  If I had known it I would have chosen another bead or another wood like the mahogany color one.  Dissapointing purchaseASICS makes a great shoe.  But I found out the hard way that are made on the small side.  These shoes were a bit too tight and I was unable to walk in them.  I ended up donating them to a charity as once worn I was unable to return them.They are very comfortable but in less than 2 months they fell apart!! Never had this problem w/New Balance but Im definitely not happyNone of the colors shown were the ones I received.Item was entirely too small. Fit more like a YOUTH large. Had to give them to my daughter.Not what I expected at all....I own other sets of WonderWink's and I have never had any of this quality. I only spent about $35 for the set so it's not worth it to return them. I suppose they'll be good enough for the price, but they are really stiff and uncomfortable material. I love WonderWink's mostly for the comfort and these seem like a cheap knock-off, but they have the WonderWink tags, so I don't know. I'm just not impressed at all. I won't be ordering any more of these, that's for sure. I think I'll go back to the 2 hour drive to the uniform store and spend the extra money to get better quality. My other WonderWink's are still my favorite and I love the brand, but I wouldn't recommend to any one to purchase these particular ones.I have ordered both the silver, which I am happy with, and this black one. Now I was never expecting the greatest watch only spending $40 but this one was absolutely horrible. The watch face and the back was not installed in its case straight so the face was tilted and the BREDA insignia was obviously tilted as well. Also the "sticker" in the top smaller timezone was ripped at the 11hr. spot. I am actually surprised that the company would not at least look at it before they put it around its pillow and into it's box. It just shows that the company does not really care.  -NateHorrible!!! Looks nothing like the picture. I bought this for my son for hallowen. He was going as "Joe dirt". This wig was really curly in the back although the picture shows it as straight.I gave this a low rating because it did not tell you how many pairs of earrings it would hold and the dimensions... if I had known it would only hold 12 pair of earrings I would not have purchased it.. unfortunately I bought 2 of them and to send them back the shipping is too high.. I will use them for hoop earrings I guessI ordered up 2 sizes and it was still to small ....way to short the xxxxl is more like a large/xlThe Pendant is much smaller than i expected it to be. very dissappointed with it. Although this was originally a putchase I made for myself, I'm keeping it to give to my 8yr old Granddaughter.They fit small. And what I thought was going to be a plus size XXL the package said xl/XXL and fit more like a medium/large.Very cheap boots ... They were only $20 thank goodness !  Just need something for a week while on vacation so hopefully they will hold up that long !Not plus size it constantly roll down my legHat is poorly made and too big.I wanted to love these shoes but I think they may be poorly designed. The criss-cross rubs on my foot and maybe a callous would develop there over time but the shoes are too flat for me to keep to find out. I love that they are vegan and cute but comfort is also really important.it says in the description that it fits from head to toe but mine only fit my head.It was smaller than expected I'm not sure if that's a China thing or what .I've read other reviews about products shipped from China and they also said the product was smaller than advertised.  I can get it on so I can make it work . Probably couldn't get my money back anyway.Not only was this product too small I thought it was a 4t and I received a 2t and it is not the color that is shown in the picturesMy friend wears a medium in all pants and these were way too small for herAlso, it was not terry cloth like a towel.Size was too small .. I always buy 559 jeans 32/34
And this pair was not true to sizeThe fabric is nice, but the cloak is very inaccurate. The actual emblem on the back is much smaller than the picture. There were so many loose threads hanging off from it. They were easy to clean up, but I shouldn't have had to do it. The button is in the center, instead of off to the side as it is in the show. Overall very unhappy with my purchase, and will be returning it shortly.So big...I'm a 36DDD bust and this was loose, falling off of mefrom the start i knew i would receive the wrong size bc it wouldn't allow me to click 12 mths.. every time it kept saying 24. Although I emailed the seller, they did not acknowledge my request & sent the 24 mnths regardless which wouldn't have been a problem if it wasn't a CHRISTMAS GIFT for my nephew in another state. Now it will take a year for him to fit into it... so yeah, I would not recommend. Cute outfit, horrible response team. Now its a useless gift for another year. Thanks a lot.Shrank at least 2 sizes after washing (cold water).I read online thst these were the best socks made for no-show socks. However they started out fine but,  ended up slipping off my heel.  I'm a little disappointed after paying $18 for one pair plus shipping.  I expected them to be better.Might be acceptable to someone who is not familiar with an original shemagh - design pattern is different and its smaller in size.Too small, its for one years old baby ! I bougth size 2T . I bought it as a gift for a 16 mounth baby , and even for her its to small.Small Waist HUGE legs. Returned immediatelyThe good news: true to size, nice length and looked okay on initial wearing.
The bad news: Purchased to wear in tournament in Arizona in early March - wore once and the skirt was fine. On returning to Oregon I put this away in the drawer as too cold here to wear. When I pulled it out to wear again (after one washing) the waistband was no longer secure and rolled, making it very uncomfortable. Because it had been 4.5 months since my purchase date and the skirt had been washed, I was told they would not take a return. So, Cruise Control kept there money and Goodwill received an unwearable tennis skirt.Size runs small and you can't return because it cost almost same amount Ito ship it back and you pay for the shipping. Material is light too and needs constant straightening.. Am giving it 1 star because I can't submit without it. I will end up giving it away.I didn't meet my expectation it was to smallPoor quality. Flimsy liner in bottom of boot wore out revealing hard plastic grid that is painful to walk on. Boots lasted not even one winter.These are really cute but they are like walking on wood. I had to send them back.  They really weren't comfortable because there is no give in them.Watch does not work.Arrived in a nice package but the scarf itself had pulls making it "broken" and not what I would have considered new.Terrible quality and they barely come up to my ankle. Not as pictured.Left glitter Everywhere!truchhaaaaaaaaaThe material is thin as paper.Fit fine but have not worn them for  a extended timeI ordered a RED T-shirt (100%cotton) and received a orange spandex shirt! WTF! you couldn't pay me to wear this!The skirt is very see through!The worst part is the shoulder strap. Seems to be made of plastic. Very low quality and not what I would have expected from Victorinox. The color is definately NOT RED! It is more of a rust color so not exactly what I had hoped for. Stiching seems rugged but only time will tell. I wish a better quality product would have been offered from Victorinox.My daughter did her research and decided on these for her first winter living in Vancouver Canada. The first pair had to be exchanged for a bigger size, and as they don't have half sizes, she got an 8 instead of a 7. The 8 is more than needed in length but still so narrow. She hoped they would stretch out and decided to keep them. They are extremely sturdy, heavy, thick soled boots, I think they will last 20 years if you wanted to wear them that long. But my daughter won't, she spent the whole winter with freezing feet. Maybe they are too thick, and don't breathe? Not sure but she was really disappointed with them and wished she could have returned them :(Piece of crap. Doesn't fit right, I don't know who they tested this on but my boobs look smushed, flat, popping out and ugly in this.The mask eye cutouts are so tiny and the nose part doesn't come out enough for a nice. Lays very flat and not very flexible.No bagVery cheap material. Wrist band broke after a few wear.The crown was not even included in the packaging. My daughter was extremely disappointed.  Also, the sizing chart is not even available and had to guess at sizing, which was very off. Do not waste your money on this.I rinsed it before wearing and the fabric is still stiff. Lost a button in the wash. Overall not impressed. Returned it easily.Funny, the dress looked better in pictures, fit OK, but fabric looked cheap. I returned the dress and was told that I had to pay for the return shipping and my purchase would be fully refunded. I returned the dress and paid the return postage, however, the company refunded only a partial amount of the purchase.  I consider this a rip off!! But thanks to this rip off company my eyes are opened wide. Please do not buy from this company. They must have been ripping off others for a very long time. Maybe  the authorities in Virginia ought to investigate this company. As far as I am concerned this company- Missy Pixie or Pixie missy or whatever their real name is, ought to be under investigation ; if they are not already being investigated . I am writing this review to advise other unsuspecting individuals to be wary of this company, and do not patronize such unethical companies. My wish for them is that they may loose  70 times 70 ,of the amount they have cheated me.It accumulates dirt and does not clean well. Does not fit most brands of cigarettesColors weren't what I expected and they did't fit.Too good to be true. Poor quality. Seems started coming apart after a weeks use. Print was rubbing off and fading after first use. Buyer beware!!!I would like to return it or exchangeMaterial is kind of cheap and not what I would wear for a run.The shoes came very scuffed up with the front of the sole worn through. They were obviously used and have been sent back.Good looking shoe but I'm having problems with the cleats (they move around and the screws won't fully tighten).  I'm not convinced about the build quality. I'll send them back and see if it was just a bad pair.not what i thought.Beautiful but Too small. I need to exchange them.I was under the impression they were skinny jeans since they are called the skinny minnie jeans....they are straight legs, but not skinny.  They do fit well and right on size wise but loose in the legs and not as tight as I would have liked...Huge fit.  Did not fit as expected.I returned this necklace because the wording was so small.  I wanted something more substantial that would stand out.Weird. The bottoms fit awkwardGarbage. Threw it out didn't even bother returning something so cheapI normally wear a size 6 shoe.  I ordered size 5-6 and they were too targe--not good in a water shoe.Sizing is not right and it is very frail and would bend and break reasily.  I still want to try another size one more time.These are suppose to be boys knicker socks.. size 3-4 and I got instead... A man size SOCCER socks!!! So now its crunch time to find the right socks for my sons outfit for our wedding.Sizing was as expected, but white is too revealing (color needed for my workplace)!I am very much disappointed, I selected the medium size while making my purchase. And surprisingly on the bag that boxers are in, state that it is large and yet still amazon pack it as being medium.  It is my first time doing my purchase just did not expect such an error like this.I expected a very soft comfortable slipper but was very disappointed.  There is no soft squishy comfort sole. It's like there is just cardboard on the inside. I can get better slippers at Wal-mart!Dark navy = black.  Otherwise satisfied.So overrated.  They are so damn narrow around the toes, yet huge in length.  If you get them in a size that your toes fill out the length of the boots, they will KILL the top of your toes where your joints connect from the foot to the toes.  Hard to explain.  They fit like garbage.  Even my girlfriend noticed the same thing.  I don't know, man--I get the hype--it's a great looking boot.  They fit horribly, though, and I'm not feeling the fit one bit.  Sold mine on eBay for great money.It does NOT come as pictured. DO NOT BUY. IT COMES AS THE EXAXT SAME AS THE REGULAR FIT.  THIS DID NOT COME AS A SLOUCH BEANIE! VERY VERY DISAPPOINTEDWay to skinny of a belt.Run small. I wear an 11. The 11 fits a 9 1/2 narrow foot. Not happy with this purchase.didn't fit properly they squeaked and moved and there were small gaps in between frame and lensVery thin, runs small and poorly made. The seam along the bottom doesn't have any stretch. You get what you pay for.Calf not wide enoughGreat bag, very ugly pattern. Beware they want too much to return or exchange.VW thing came off after only 1 month. It's not glued on very well.I wear a men's 10-1/2 shoe based on advise in size chart I ordered size 10; way too big in length & width.  I'm returning them.Doesn't fit properly. Doesn't feel very good quality. Wanted to return but Amazon charges $5 for it, so just kept it.I was hopeful but it's just not a good braI was excited to get the booties for my 6 month old because her feet were always cold and the Indiana winter is coming. Even with knit socks under the booties her feet are still cold. I really wanted to like these. She has tiny feet and the size chart did help me find the perfect fit also they did stay on. However they were hard to snap with her wiggling and just with her wearing them for an hour they looked like they were collecting dirt, I bought the fusia color.Shirt was somewhat see through and ran small in sizing. It also had a stain on one side of it. I needed it for a Halloween costume but I definitely won't be reordering from this brand again.They appear to be seconds. A little too big, sleeves too long, neck too tight, the sewing of sleeve to body of shirt doesn't meet together.
The material is too thick for my taste. I'm not that hard to please so consider that also. YuI wanted to love these so badly! They are a really cute design, great colors. I normally wear a 6, sometimes 5.5. I ordered these in a 6 and they cut into my foot near my toes in a weird way. I wore them around the house seeing if they just needed to be broken in, but no luck. The fabric seems a bit cheap, and I think it was a seam that was digging into me. Unfortunate.Imagine my surprise when 2 weeks after purchase, the velcro on one strap tore off. To continue to add insult to injury where 2 of the stars attach to the shoe, they are pulling away from the shoe. I assumed that these weelre quality shoes based on the price, but I have never seen such poor quality shoes in my life. I will NEVER buy this brand again.I have been in the market for a sweater dress, and decided to try this one out.  The fabric is fairly thick, and it is definitely warm.  I tried it on while I was wearing tights, and even though this dress isn't lined, I didn't seem to have any problems with the dress riding up on the tights.  (So, I don't think you'd need to wear a slip with this.)  I didn't really like that the sleeves were only 3/4 lengths, though.

I also really didn't like that the pattern doesn't go all the way around.  The back of the dress is plain black, and I hate how it shows every line and curve.  It makes me too self-conscious -- I hate when your undergarments can be seen through your clothes.  So, I will be returning this.These must be fitted to a child's head.  Very small frame.Difficult to get the eco drive to work. I did not expect it would be so difficult. When you spend $400+ for a watch, you expect it to be easy to set up. It's a nice heavy watch so I gave it two stars. Otherwise, I would give it one star for the amount of time it took me to try to figure out how to complete the initial set up.Not size specifiedmissing and/or loose rivets.  Need to return them but will cost almost as much as the shoes plus shipping..Too small for my binder. My binder hardly fits in this backpack. I have a 3 inch. It does fit, but I have to stuff it inside and that makes the backpack look like a square. And it had this white fuzz all over it and it wouldn't come off. Giving it 2 stars since the pockets were really nice.It was going to take too much work to get it to fit me rightShorts themselves are nice. However, the stripes do not align at the seam. In fact they are opposite and it looks off. I could not find contact info to ask if this seam should align.The quality wasn't very good at all. I bought this bag for my brother and he has only had it for a few weeks. The zipper has already fallen off and the strap broke.Doesnt stay over chest. Isnt white as described; actually an ivory or cream color.This was a gift for Christmas. Normally I would have bought a Medium, but this was purchased as a Small. When the package was opened, the top looked like the right size but the bottoms looked like and Extra, Extra, Extra Large!  When measured up to a Medium pajama pants these Smalls were at least 4 inches bigger!  I am definitely sending them back and hopefully will get a correctly sized set.  If that happens, I will definitely change my review.I thought they would be a better fitJUST recieved and removed from the bag it came in and it has some sort of dirt on it.These are for kids earrings... I didn't see that before I ordered. Much too tiny for my diamond earrings! My bad for not seeing this but wanted to point it out so no one else makes my same mistake!Update to my original 5 star review. I can't believe i'm giving these comfy shoes a 1star.
I've only worn them a dozen or so times during my ownership. This week was my first time to an intermediate terrain 6hrs hiking:

I have wide feet and wear 12, 12.5 casual footwear, and 13 running shoes(asics and hoka), I bought moab ventilators size 13, because they had thousands of great reviews. The shoes were light comfy but I noticed the toe area seems a bit too roomy, Took them for my first intermediate terrain hike of 6hrs this week with a light 10lb backpack, my toe nails got extremely painful especially at the bigger toenails. The journey descending the mountain was extremely unpleasant. Someone said its because of the extra toe room and shoe laces not tight enough, causing my toes to slide towards the shoes top. I don't know if its a quality issue from factory. I was thinking of buying another pair of mid hiking shoes from a reputable brand, or just get a spenco insole for moab ventilator and try them on my next hike. Please post your thoughts. thanks.Not the same color as pictured.The material was thin and stretchy, which I didn't mind, but the dress was way too big. I'm a size Small and ordered a small, but the dress was extremely big that I just have it to my sister. It fit my sister better than it did me (she wears extra-large)sleeves are to tight I will not order againToo small gonna returnHave purchased this exact bra from other location and fit perfectly. This bra was considerably smaller then the previously purchased one.No starsTwo of these items came broken, and it is understandable because they are cheaply made. My mistake for buying them!Beautiful glasses, but a screw fell out 3 weeks ago for the right arm, then this past weekend, another screw broke that holds the lens in on the left side. I'm extremely careful with my sunglasses & cannot believe this happened. Any idea if Ray ban will warranty this ??I bought this 24" and 28" bag for my trip. It went on one round trip from St. Louis to New York and back and I can almost guarantee you they will not make another trip. It looks like its going to tear at the seams. I'm very disappointed in this purchase.This dress stitching is not great very uneven. Although while wearing it its not extremely noticeable. It is lined for winter, so if your thinking of wearing this and you live where it is warm buy something else...This cap is not adjustable and it is a bit too small for an adult.  Wish it was a bit larger.Lower qualtity,thin material,more deeper color than pictures,small than normal shirt.Want to returnAfter TWO wears the rubber on the sides of the shoes began to separate and both shoes! Contacted the company, provided proof of purchase and they replied this was NOT covered by the warranty. Two wears and they look AWFUL! An expensive pair of sneaks and I am super gluing the sides down. Very disappointed with the shoes and the customer service. I will NEVER purchase another pair.Toes are too tight, arch support is good.  Would like wide for toes.the design looks better online than it does in person. the edges are very sharp and cuts you if i could i would send it back and get another one.  i guess you get what you pay for in my opion the price it wasn't worth itDisclaimer: I purchased this card case not from Amazon, but from a local Tumi authorized retailer.

TL;DR:  Not worth the price, get something else.

Review:

The case's material is nice and the wallet looks very good.  However, the quality is not there.
I placed two credit cards and my AAA card in the card slots, three folded $20 bills in the middle compartment, and my driver's license in the ID pocket. .
The next day, I noticed the clear plastic window was coming apart from the leather.  I could see the glue strips that are supposed to keep the plastic window attached to the leather, so I guess the pressure from 3 cards, one ID, and three folded bills is just too much.
I'm extremely disappointed with the quality of this case, specially since I've had a similar case from Fossil that was cheaper and better constructed than this.

If you don't plan to carry anything other than your ID and (maybe) one business card, then you'll probably love this card case.
If you plan to also have one or two credit cards, ID, and some bills, get a Fossil or some other brand.  This is not worth.This top is not good quality and looks cheap.  It fits small and is of poor qualityI really like the idea of these laces and they were comfortable in my sneakers but they don't last long.  I have only had them in for a few weeks and already three have broken.  It is unfortunate because in my opinion they are very expensive.This blouse was simultaneously oversized and clingy. Was not at all what I was expecting. The color was pretty and spot on though.Defective fell apart, replacing the shoes that fell apart again, I suggest strongly if anyone has them return them before they cause harm to you, they fell apart whilst I had them on my feet...this shoe looks top quality, that is why I bought them again...Sadly I have to return them again regretfully they are totally defectiveVery poor fit compared to other styles by the same company in tge same size. Waist was too high snd short and fit was too tight in same size as other styles. Did not like at all. Returned and went for the other styles.not my 1st pair of KD's and I was very disappointed with this pair.  They do not fit well and appear to be childrens glasses.  Dont be fooled by buying these for an adult.It is a beautiful suit however it runs really small but in the bust and it huge.  I still loved the suit and was willing to order another one but after reading the other reviews I don't think I can take a chance on the cup size..Size chart was way offI sent them back. Too small.Too small and had no styling what so ever.It is a much brighter blue than the pictures show. Very disappointed!This did not work well for me. Im usually a 36C-36D and i honestly could have gone with 38C or D the way this fit me. Very tight on the loosest hook, but still managed to lack support. I was in a pinch so i wore it anyway. Then the undwire from the middle piece to support the love neckline came out in the first wash.IT'S MORE LIKE A CHILDS RING.  COST MORE FOR SHIPPING THAN RING WAS WORTH.  WILL SELL IN YARD SALENot the exact color or material I was expecting and the fit is a bit too bigI liked the style of the shoe and after the 11.5 (size i normally wear in Toms) did not fit as well as I would have liked i decided to try a size 12. I could not even get my foot into the shoe for some reason. I assume this shoe runs small, but cannot understand why a size bigger resulted in the shoe being narrower and smaller.Not as nice as the last CROC flip flops I bought.I was very disappointed with this skirt.  It does not hang as nicely on the body as it does in the photograph because of the drawstring in the hem, of all places.  As a result it buckles around the hem and there's nothing you can do about it.

Also, even though it's advertised as a hiking skirt, it's about 2 - 3 inches too short for that purpose, unless you want everyone around you to know exactly how pretty your panties are.  It's too short for hiking.

Finally, the pockets are not deep enough to securely keep anything in there while you're on a trail, and the pockets have no zipper on them, like the Columbia skirts do.

The color is nice and the material is water resistant, but this is not suitable as even a light trail skirt.and these are the worst I've used.  I've been in EMS and HEMS for years.  After one call, the zippers on one boot separated from the middle.  They were not laced in too tight, they are just a poor quality boot zipper that didn't work past one shift.  The leather surrounding the zipper is thin and not of very good quality.  Fortunately, I was able to pull down on the zipper and get my boot off.  If you buy these, save the receipt.I wear a med or lrg, depending on how the shirt fits on my bust, being that this is an unknown brand, I ordered a size larger (XL), and uh  yea it does not fit AT ALL!  It MUST Junious and not Womens as labeled. However even then it is still small for Juniors, because I was just wearing a Juniors XL pajama set last night that fit normal to loose.  The only way I would suggest ordering from them is if you are EXTREMELY petite, and then order 2 sizes up.didn't seem like a flex fit to me .I usually wear an 8 shoe, but like my sneakers 8.5. While the 8.5 would have been the right size, These sneakers were so hard and tight in the toe area I had to return them. I tried breaking them in wearing thick socks walking around house,  after a week, they were still to uncomfortable to keep.Wasn't what I expected. The last pair of pants in this size from this vendor fit well, and looked good. I do plan on keeping it and using it to sleep in. It is comfortable.Look very masculine.I bought these as a Christmas present and they are extremely small to be considered as a size 13.The quality seems decent but I'm a 38 DD, ordered a size XXL and it looks like a A or B cup.  There's just no way...returned them, they run very smallBought this for a concert wanted to baggie so i got xxl, it was cut so small it barly fit my size large boyfriend so glad i got a back upThese broke shortly after I got them. For $40 I expected them to be better quality.This tie looked great when we got it but it wasn't very durable, the second time my son wore the tie it fell apart. Do note he is a kid and played with the zipper a bit but still, to only last two Sundays was very disappointing (especially when each use was only about 3 hours).Love the ring. But after wearing it twice for a short amount of time a rhinestone has already fallen out. Disappointedwe got a dress for some reasonXl is for a very fat man,  Im 215 and this thing fits HHuuuuuuuge.Very very small, will not fit on most adult faces. Not worth even this low price.Really nice, but poor quality. One did not remain on Set positionTerrible odor emitting from the shoes. At first I thought it was because of the box or packaging the shoes arrived in but later discovered the odor came from the shoes material.
Hopefully, in time, the odor will wear off.I wanted so much to love this bra, as I think it's really pretty. I'm petite, 32C. Overall it was very comfortable except for the horizontal seam that bisects the cups; not only did this seam kind of chafe against my nipples a little, but it hit just below them and was visible through my shirts. From the side, it kind of looked like my nipples were always visible, but pointing DOWN. Ugh! Too strange, I had to get rid of it. Maybe not a flattering shape for smaller-busted women.Tried to clip on right out of box-broke. Cheaply made.I ordered this thinking that it was a Garter Belt in the traditional sense and that the Stockings were seperate...  This set cannot be seperated.  If the stockings run the whole set must be replaced. there is no way to adjust the length of the straps without sewing them up,  I'm 5'2" so "One Size Fits Most" did not apply to me,  I would have done well to have looked a little more closely at the pictures but even then I am questioning whether or not I would have caught this being an attached set.
Being an attached set is yet another issue.  It took more effort than I enjoyed investing trying to get this set on without one thing or another twisting in an unbecoming way.This bag looked promising online, but only lasted two months of going to the gym with careful handling.  The shoe compartment seems ripped apart.Way too small! Very disappointed!I got these last month and the Jordan symbol is peeling off and I payed at least over $100I got this watch in record time, which was about the only thing good that happened concerning this purchase. The watch didn't work when it arrived, the band looks like it has been painte to match the watch face. The watch face says "Geneva" but the band is very obviously NOT! Not to mention it is not adjustable. The band has scratches and dings ALL over it. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. If I want to even USE it to tell time I will have to spend twice the worth to get it fixed, then still it won't fit. COMPLETELY DISAPPOINTED!!!Gave them to my daughter whose feet are smaller than mine.Terrible quality fakeThese socks were insanely comfortable. However, they started falling apart after a few times of wearing them. Very disappointing for the price.There are tiny! They are for baby girlsI wear a 3xl big, ordered 3xlt because wanted a little extra length. These shirts fit tight and are very snug in the big belly section. 100% cotton suggest getting size larger3T is 4feet tall????wearing them pre washed they fit just a little tight.  After washing, too small, hard to keep them above the shoe sides.  Tight around the toes.A stone feel out after only three days of wearing it!!I didn't care for the fitThese were way too small for me! I always wear a size 10 and couldn't even get these on my feet. Very sad as they look cute. Simple but cute flats. They do not come in a size 11, though. Real bummer. Not sure why the sizing is SO off.Very light weight and is made of pure plastic.  Ok for the money paid, but daughter has only worn once due to being worried if it'll break.Huge!!!!  The package says for ages 8+ but that is nowhere on the description here.This shirt was printed on a white t-shirt and all of the colors were faded grey and not black at all! Also, the printing was extremely blury and faded. Sadly, this was a gift, and did not live up to expectation!This hoodie shrunk a ton after the first wash, started pilling after the second, and started fraying after the third.  I thought District has high quality stuff but I guess I was wrong.  Really regret ordering these in multiple colors.Silk top layer does not even reach the lower layer, leaving synthetic liner exposed in the back.  This is badly designed.The front sides tore open within a year!Wonderful watch while it lasted. Got as a present in December from my 7 year old daughter. Returning from a trip two weeks ago and as I went to change the time back to current time zone, I was shocked to found that the stem had fallen out! Watch was worn just occasionally as I have a number of watches, so not handled roughly or abused. In fact the watch looks like it just came out of the boxes - there isn't even a line on the leather strap yet where it is secured or even wrinkles on the leather band yet. No scratches, no nicks, brand new looking but yet the stem fell out while on my wrist. Have asked World of Watch company for a Return Authorization but their general warranty indicates that it may not cover the stem falling out. More as I know it.Way to big for me which is sad. Not a small person either. However would be nice if it were smaller.SH

XL should be real. Change the sizes in the US!!!!!Head piece too small for weight of hair piece. Does not stay on, even with bobby pins galore.  Wrong choice if you are going to be out and about.It's ok, the problem I have with the gloves is that they feel like second quality.  I have all kinds of strange sewn lines on the inside.  You might want to  think twice about these.  The lines are bothersome.These are similar to Adidas ZX and Asics Tiger fit, which uses the retro materials and stylng. It's not very comfortable or flexible. They look pretty cool otherwise I wouldn't have ordered them. These also have a little bit of an arch. I wouldn't run in these. If you really do anything athletic, get a real running shoe. I wish these were comfortable, because usually mesh shoes are. They may take awhile to break in.Way to bigDidn't fit my body well.The boots are good looking but they don't fit around my calf. And the cost of returning them is atrocious. I will never order a pair of shoes again!I assumed they were "fleece" pants they are NOT. They are sweatpants!Fit is way off.I can only give 2 stars because unfortunately after 1 wash a stone already fell off.Horrible, they're cheaply made and this is false advertising. It says Woodland digital same with the picture and I got woodland. Im very disappointed and will be returning these immediately.Wrong sizebroke apart within a few days  don't buyVery sheer and thin. Slips off your feet very easilyI ordered these shoes from 6pm and the condition of the shoe was poor. Scuffs are on both shoes, very disappointed.I received these shoes after waiting almost a year to buy them and both of the shoes were ripped at the inner side of the toes! There is a very thin fabric that makes up the colored stripe and if it was already ripped before being worn, imagine how long it's supposed to last!!not what I wantedWrong color took too long. buttons were done w duck tape. The skirt was cute but not worth money.The size is too large although I followed the size chart . I m really angry that I bought itI have a high arch and tender heels. Read other reviews and thought this would be a great shoe for me...well it wasn't it caused my heel area to hurt even more. While the shoe fits well it has absolutely no cushioning.Not waterproof
Sole is already peelingJunk.Awesome shoes, but beware sizing.  They are not US sizes.  Really like them but wrong size, and no help upon return.  I paid 49.00 and they wanted to exchange and charge 167.00.These are are too small for the average person. I would recommend them  for an infant. I was very disappointed with the size of the earrings.I received damaged oneIt was way too small for me...
Even at 10.5...I was excited to receive this shapewear, having seen Dr. Rey on TV I thought there was some credibility to his products. I bought this shapewear to wear under my "mother-of-the-groom" dress at my son's recent wedding. I was glad I tried it out ahead of time. The stiff stays or boning, which are probably made from some cheap plastic, bent inward into the sides of my back after wearing a short time. The front stays just twisted out of place and didn't stay true to the form they were meant. I am not a big woman, I wear a size 10 and bought the appropriate size. Very dissappointing, and very uncomfortable piece.This hat says it can be crushed, but then in the description says you should lay it in your luggage and stuff the crown to pack it. Then other reviews say it doesn't bounce back from being crushed, so inaccurate description!!The shirt was not Under Armour. The tag was ripped off and it looked nothing like the picture. I love buying on Amazon, but this was such a disappointment.This is not a jacket. This is more like a wind breaker, very thin! The quality isn't that great, either. I feel It's overpriced.This runs a half size small. I ordered the 9 and it was beautiful. We were very pleased with the quality. But it was too small. I re-ordered in a size 9.5. It came quickly but was ugly, ugly! It didn't even look like white gold. It looked tarnished, dingy. I contacted a customer service rep via chat and he quickly had a new one sent to me. Still not nearly as nice as the first one. Why would a half size larger be so different in quality? The speed of receiving the ring was good. I am now a week from our wedding so I went ahead and took it to my jeweler to be tested to see if it was even 10K gold at all (it is but a low grade), and then to have engraving done. I had it rhodium dipped too because it is just not shiny and pretty. The 9.5 fits like a 9, and the comfort fit is nice. But my advise is order something else if you want quality.so uncomfortablescrea at the battery pack is too tight and isn't working. I hope they make products which are price worth-it!The clasp will not stay closed. Kept falling off. I changed the clasp, now looks great!Not quality made ,seems cheap. In the photo the chain and metal around "stones" is silver, but on actual product it is gold. Poor packaging one of the earrings was broken.  Did not pay much so not worth the hassle to send back, Put it in the dress up box for kids to play with. Disappointed.The shirt is really low quality,  not soft at all.  Sizing is very small,  even for a fitted juniors t-shirt.  For the price I would have hoped the shirt was a little nicer and fit better than it does.No where near worth the price. I bought XL, fits like medium at best. Waste of money. Don't buy.Ordered these socks for myself.  Thought the colors and designs were very cute. Unfortunately, the socks are tight.  The sizing says normal 9-11 but these do not fit properly. I wrote to the vendor, asking if maybe there was something going on with the sizing however it seems they cannot be bothered responding because I never heard back.Absolutely not happy that I ordered 2 different colors larger than my size they took 3 weeks and I couldn't fit them. I gave them away, but nice for teenagers or someone with a very small frame.One of the earrings magnet already fell off. In the process of trying the glue the smaller magnet back on it fell in the floor and now I can't find it. The earrings themselves look very nice but the backings leave a lot to be desired. I'm actually hoping to return these and get another pair shipped back out...My Medium fit more like a large or extra large.....really odd for Adidas.disappointed, I was not satisfied about the product. it was rusty, ugly truthFootbox far too roomy.  Feels much larger than the 860v4PRODUCT RECEIVED DOES NOT MATCH DESCRIPTION! I have tried ordering the black bralette twice now and both times have received a halter top instead! Looks nothing like the picture. I am extremely disappointed .A little larger than expected.The shoes are just as cute as they look in the picture.  However, the lights on one shoe completely stopped working within a week and a few days after that the other shoe started having just a couple lights stay "on" all the time.  My daughter only wears to school and we definitely have gotten them saturated with water or anything.  Just duds.Nice enough, but "feels" somewhat thicker than I expected.  Watch band is not that well made.  Clasp is good, watch face is very nice and "look and feel" is great.  Some buyers-remorse because of the watch band quality, but overall the watch is good and I can get  a replacement band!I actually love the bag! One star given because I found a hairpin and a dried up old raisin in my supposedly "NEW" bag!!! Shame on you Amazon!!!Sadly these were very cheaply made. They arrived bent and just never reordered because they were poor qualityThis robe is so big it swallows me. I ordered true to size. Im disappointed.It's not quite what I was expecting for the $12 price. I think the clip on the back is a little weak. Feels like it could break soon.  The watch is easy to knock off the pocket or wherever it's clipped because the size of the clip does not grab enough fabric for a sturdy hold. It tells time well. Just wish it clasped better.

Update 12-24-16

Sorry I am late to update this review.  However, I ended up sending this back to get a refund before the 30 day period was up.  This was a good product in theory, but the clasp on it was so small, so weak, and kept popping off of my shirt, waistband, and anything else I tried to clip it on.  In hindsight, this was overpriced and it under performed for my taste.  I ended up settling on an actual wrist watch which I was trying to avoid.  I think this cold have great potential if it was at a better price point and if it had a great clip to safeguard it during use.I ordered a medium thinking a small would be too tight. It fits okay. The fabric isn't that great; I wish it were thicker. Other than that I really like the shirt.
Edit (12-12-16): Since I was relatively happy with my original purchase, I ordered two others like it for gifts. Three weeks later I get a package from China. It was not what I ordered (a navy woman's large), but a male's large, royal blue. The print job on it is awful, the fabric is thin and cheap. It's not even worth the time or effort to send it back for a refund. Judging from other reviews from this seller, it's unlikely I'd have any success if I did try. Extremely disappointed. I'm afraid to find out what next piece of garbage awaits me, that is if I ever get my other package from them.
Edit (12-20-16); Third shirt arrived almost a month after I ordered it. Again, a men's shirt. Again, horrible print job.Sizing makes no sense. Bought an XL and it was absolute huge. Returned for a L, but that was skin tight. Not sure if I got a mislabeled shirt or sizing is just that inconsistent.HAD TO SELL THIS MYSELF - AT A LOSS! :(Fell apart almost immediatelyThey worked well the 3 times I used it. Then the stitching came undone. It wasn't a very good qualityMake sure you really look at the right size because I bought the right size and it is made real small.two stars only for the fabric and manual work. The version and size are ridiculous, it's far too large. I knew it's comfort style, but that can not be the explaination.Small is not right - it is too short.  The overall fit is okay but just barely goes past my jean line.  I expected it to be longerMaybe it was the size, but i think it's a combination of size and design, the costume is just hideous.The seams on this product burst after a few weeks of normal use.Cute shoe but my foot would not slide in rightI ordered size 9 and got size 6. common mistake I am sure. I sent them back.I wish there would be some type of picture showing how this these socks are. Ive already thrown away a 3 pairs because of wearing holes in them.run smallThis top looks just like the picture, fits just as I expected, but I literally wore it ONCE, washed it, tried to wear it again and discovered a HOLE in the front near the tummy area. The material is just too thin, I suppose.They were returned. The fit was way off. Too, too large.It is cheap - it is not black or gray.While the pattern appears the same, the seller has either done some creative Photoshop color adjusting OR it's just an entirely different color than what's pictured.  You can be the judge but what I received was nowhere near as teal and bright as what is pictured.  SELLER, IT IS TIME TO UPDATE YOUR PICTURE.I WOULD have loved it, if it were not for two razor sharp pieces of plastic that were on the corners of the bra closure near the end with the hooks.  These sharp little devils made wearing the garment with any movement of the body too too uncomfortable - painful even.  And this is a sports bra.  I was afraid to try to cut them out (I could sort of see them poking through) but was concerned that the material would unravel after I used my scissors on them, and I would be worse off than to return it when it is brand new.
I do not know if this was an odd "one-off in the manufacturing process or if they are deliberately made that way in order to prevent the ends from rolling or folding in.  Whatever.  If I knew that they no longer make them this way, I would gladly re-order since I did think the bra otherwise would have been great.An actual cup size isn't available so it didn't fit when I got it. Mine was VERY see through which I wasn't expecting. It just wasn't like the picture at all & I was very disappointed.Ordered four shirts, 3xl. Two fit right, two are way too large. Shoulder width too far on this shirt, other shirt marked as 3xlt, not the 3xl I ordered and fit exactly as a 4xl I had previously purchased.
so much for being "dicked" around. Been using Dickies for years. Time to find a better vendor.HARD SOLE!!!These slippers are totally adorable, and my 8-year-old son who won't EVER wear slippers, never wants to take these off!  He wears them in the house all the time, but takes good care of them and does not abuse them.  Unfortunately, they wear out in record time.  His first pair wore out in about 1 1/2 months.  The seams were splitting and eventually the foam sole pad slipped right out of the shoe.  I thought they wore out because they were a little small (yes, they run small).  So he got a 2nd bigger pair for Christmas, wore them 2-3 days, and the seams between the sole and the upper part are already tearing.For a stretch belt, this thing doesn't stretch very much! I really wish they would have specified the measurements and the stretch in the description, it would have saved me purchasing something I cannot wear. My waist measures 38, and this thing won't go around my waist...

On the plus side, if I every manage to wear it, it looks gorgeous!Material is meh....the sizing is way off. Ordered a size big boys 8-10..the long legs were more befitting a size 10-12 the waist would fit a little boys 6....odd. Wish I could have given it no stars.I was excited to make this purchase at a discounted price.  The earrings came as promised but was very poor quality with 3 cloudy stones that could be seen with the naked eye.  Never again will order jewelry on line.I love Danner boots.  I have a pair of Acadias for work and they are fantastic boots.  I wanted a pair of hiking boots similar to the Acadias.  Found the Explorer.  Looks a lot like the Acadia,  same Vibram sole, lace to toe design,  very similar.  Handsome boots.  Got the first pair.  The inside bottom of the left boot,  by the ball of the foot,  was wrinkled.  It was obviously a defective boot.  Comfortable,  but I could feel the wrinkles.  Couldn't smooth them out.  Bummer.  Ordered another pair.  Same thing.  Unbelievably, a third pair was the same.  Very disappointing.  I emailed Danner and let them know their quality control guys and craftsmen were not doing their job.  Well,  3 strikes and you're e out. Sent these back,  too.  American made.  Smh.  I have no doubt these would be great boots if you're lucky enough to get a properly crafted pair.  I wasn't that lucky.  If you decide to order a pair,  good luck.  One star.  Amazon customer service is second to none.Pants are small.There is a fake undershirt patch sown into the shirt, while this adds to the appearance it takes away from comfort, I found myself constantly adjusting the shirt because it was irritating.  You can't actually button it up and if you have a longer neck or broad chest, it will be exposed.  The overall appearance is somewhat feminine, which isn't a big deal but may leave the wrong impression on others.  Overall, I can't recommend this shirt to anyone, there are much better products out there for similar prices.CheapI had heard so many good reviews about this shoe and so i bought it.  The size 7 is way too big and it's uncomfortable.  Also, it did not look good on my foot.  Quite disappointed.Returned them.... too lose for meToo short for a relatively tall woman (5'-8")If that is xl then I dnt want to see small.I love the other See Kai Run sneakers we have bought, because they hold up longer than it takes him to grow out of them. These have not worn as well, I'm guessing because they're canvas. The fabric on the velcro strip was completely worn away in a spot within a couple weeks.The dress fit great except the material was very thin and showed everything you want to hide. Loved the color just not the material.I had a pair of polarized Electric sunglasses that I purchased from a reputable high end surf shop for about $120.  Those were my favorite glasses, but I set them down for a minute and someone snatched them.  So I bought this replacement pair on Amazon ($90).  Nothing at all like my previous glasses. The frame was small and cheaply made and the "polarized" lenses blocked nothing.  I kept taking them off and putting them back on when I was driving and I honestly could not decide which was better.  Returning to Amazon.  I've purchased better sunglasses at a drug store for under $20.

I would not be surprised if these were off-brand impostors.Not true to size says up to 24 does not fit a 20.I rely heavily on reviews before I buy an item; I read almost all of them. The reviews on this product had me bouncing out of my seat, I was so excited about it. Everyone said it was the perfect size with lots of sparkle, they were totally thrilled with it, blahblahblah...

After I ordered this nose screw, I went to Hot Topic and bought a set of three nose screws for less than $10. I figured, what the heck -- ten bucks for three, right? And I was tired of the one I had in my nose and still waiting for this one from Amazon to arrive...

So I put the Hot Topic nose screw in and was really happy with it. When the one I ordered from Amazon came, I was crestfallen. There was absolutely nothing special about it. It wasn't sparkle-ier. prettier, easier to put in, nada. It looked almost exactly like the one from Hot Topic, but I overpaid for it. Side by side, the Hot Topic nose screw was shinier and brighter, so needless to say, it's still in my nose.

I guess I have an "extra" nose screw on hand should the Hot Topic one suck and fall out or something. But I wouldn't recommend getting this at all. I've had my nose pierced for about 9 years and this nose screw fell flat on its face. Bah.These sandals do not actually stay on my feet.  The back portion seems to fit snugly but when I walk it slips off.  It happens on both feet so I would guess this is just not a good style for me.  They are very cute so it is disappointing that the style just does not work.Returned.  No pantry liner.The watch is very nice looking and my husband loved it until we realized it didn't keep time. Worthless ! Amazon was great about the return, very quick.These are not built for cold weather, I live in a state where it is windy and cold and these do not stand up against either environment. Finger tips were constantly cold with the gloves on after i left a warm place. Invest in something else that will do as advertised.Poor fit
Very lightweight probably had a short useful life
Overall disappointed with these T shirtsThe bag looks fine. However, the zipper broke after about a month. I contacted the seller and never got a response.Sizing off. Color not as shown. Mediocre quality.Carter's is running too exact.I wore this watch for a week when in AZ doing nothing but visiting friends, no sports, diving, rock climbing or whatever... and the black band scratched completely down to the shiny steel... I returned it immediately when I came back from the trip.Great, but the color wasn't as bright as it is in the picture and the typeset is off-center.Shirt needs to be longer...it is to short and I'm guessing with a wash it will get smaller..not a very good productI received a Misfit Shine and the Bloom necklace for Christmas. The necklace is gorgeous but unfortunately the shine does not fit securely and falls out constantly. Very disappointing.I thought the price was too good to be true.  Unlike other UGG boots I've had, the interior of this particular Koolaburra is primarily synthetic.  More expensive UGG models just feel better, and they breathe well too, keeping your feet warmer.  I live in UGGs in the winter, so I'm returning the Koolaburra so I can apply the price to the (unfortunately) more expensive boots with real sheepskin fleece.  Sorry to break rank with the other satisfied reviewers.Too tightThese are much too small. Order up a size or two! And they are silky nylon. Which is fine, but I can't wear them.Owl keeps falling off keychainThe battery was dead when this watch arrived, and it just comes in a plastic bag instead of a watch box. I was planning to give it as a present, but it was too tacky.I bought these for my girlfriend, almost 2 weeks ago, who was going for a vacation in San Francisco. (And supposedly going to be her luggage when she goes out of the country this December.) I thought it was cute since her fave color is purple. She received the luggage, she said it was perfectly fine, lightweight, and easy to carry. This is the first time shes going to use the luggage. But as soon as she landed at SF, carried the luggage on to the trunk of the car, she noticed a large crack at the bottom of the luggage. She put tape (praying that the crack won't get bigger). But sad to say, the crack got bigger.I just received these glasses and I am aware that it was" slighty used." However, it was not so great, because there was a half INCH CUT OR mark on left glass!!! How noticeable is that! I thought these products were reviewed before being sold to another customer.. I guess not.. so, I guess if you don't mind a large noticeable cut on lens,.. then it would be fine..BackwardsDon't order!!! Total scam!!!Got it as a gift about 2 years ago.  Stopped working.  Shows random time.  Will not reset.  The T2 button doesn't work as described.  Short presses don't advance the minute hand.  A very long press starts the hands moving, but releasing the button doesn't stop them.  They keep moving to another random time.  Right now, it is 5 hours and 24 minutes fast.  Doesn't show "low battery."  My $25 Timex is much better and lasts until the case wears out.I returned. It's way below my expectation. Totally not as it is described on website. Bags are super small and thin. The smell is really bad, not good material. Color looks old too. I don't know where those good reviews from....Face of watch is a bit too large for most females, but watch band small, also watch band's stitching not good and band cracked the first time worn. Was a gift for my daughter and she had to change out band right away. Not something I would buy again.Love the design, unfortunately the fabric's green color and the artwork's green colors are the same so you can really only see the leprechaun's head and hands, his body completely disappears against the fabric. of the t-shirt.  T-shirt should have been a lighter green.Love it but wtf? Why is missing the t?
"I will always be wilh you" not with? That's bad and sad because I wasted my time, money and it was a surprise :(
(Both wrong in male and female)Not as describedDespite being described as straight legged, they were baggy. Will not buy again.this watch sucks. is a too small. i hate it.  the picture it fraud. the zize of watch is not of the pictureslim fit = too smallNot soft and comfortable like all my other fitflops. Returned theseThis is my second pair of this same style of reef flip flop. I lost my first pair, so ordered these and thought they'd be the same fit. For whatever reason they are huge. I usually wear a 9, but ordered up a size like most reefs I ordered a size 10. The band does not support your feet. I slip out of those constantly. The sole had absolutely no grip! It's plastic and super slippery! I already fell pretty badly and will never wear these again. Waste of $$$ and not the quality of reef I expected.Don't be fooled by what you have heard that they are back in style -- that may be...but they are still as easily stretched out and too-soon sloppy as they were in the 70's!!Unless your belly is pretty flat, the velcro won't stay closed, even when tied.Looks cool. Feels sturdy. Typical Adidas quality although the brand is not visible on the shoes. Fit is narrow. Had to return.Ok wanted to love but just fit very very strange.No shoe laces.Defective, DOA.These glasses were to big. Very disappointed. Either I have a small head or the glasses were just to bigCheaper than what it looks like in the picture.It broke when I tried to get the ball out of the loop and thet wouldnt let me return or exchange very cheapPLEASE DONOT BUY THESE!!! Waisted my hard earned money on these boots!! How dare they sell these boots! I fell for them because I thought they would be good boots based on the name! I'm in tears cause I worked hard to afford these boots! They tore up after only  ONE wear! Only 4hours out for my anniversary with my husband! I was so embarrassed! NEVER again will I buy this name of boots on Amazon or ANYWHERE! These boots ruined my anniversary! *crying real tears*!The material is to thin and the size is slightly to small.  Wish is was a little looser than what it is.This ring is not sterling silver because its turning already.It is kind a small on the front strap/buckle, not a lot of room to adjust.Been just under two months of use and the bottom has completely separated from one of the slippers. Had to throw them out.BOOT ARE MADE TOO NARROW--FIT IS TOO TIGHT
BOOTS LOOK GOOD CONSTRUCTION THO-
MAYBE FOR A PERSON WITH A MORE NARROW FOOR-ALSO WEARING A THINNER SOCKIt is nothing like the picture, very thin and extremely small. I went by the measurements and ordered a XXXL, it would fit someone who is a size 0. The sizing is not accurate at all to the measurements. Very disappointed in the coat and having to pay shipping to send it back. Not worth the price.The boots didn't look like the photo. I was disappointed. But for the price of the boot and it is a nice enough boot to keep. I was expecting a more leather look and feel. I was going to order the other colors but will not now.I bought a bigger size for my daughter that wears a 2, bc of the reviews, I bought a 4. The shoes were big, so her brother liked them so I gave them to him he wears a 3 and the 4 fit him. He wore them for the first time to his bb game and they already have a crack in the sole. He's 9 so it's not like he's playing in the nba, these shoes should take a little wear and tear. Would not recommend these at all.too smallThe band is nice but the stone isn't set firmly in the setting.Great pants! I wear them for work, very comfortable and durable. I really like the gusset crotch and velcro pocket on the left leg. Fits my galaxy smart phone perfectly.Legs tend to ride up.Very cheaply made shoe.It was so smallI did not realize this was so short! I'll figure out a way to use it as I like the color!These are a great price and look good. I ordered 4-5 of them, and each of them broke after 2-3 weeks of wear. Really, save your money.Wallet was great at first but after a couple months of use the flap along the edge of the ID case became loose.  This is due to the flap being glued on as opposed to being stitched on.  See the customer images for a shot of this.HORRIBLE! MY SON GOT A RASH ALL OVER THE AREA OF HIS BUTT AND LEGS THAT THIS PRODUCT COVERS!!! DONT BUY!!!I purchased these to widen a pair of shoes that was a little too tight.  The first one had several problems:  A fungus growing in the wood and the little plastic "spreader" was not attached screw drive with the result I had to spend 20 minutes rebuilding before I could use it.  The plastic spreader in the 2nd stretcher came apart when I tried to take it out of the shoe.  It seems they were glued in place with wood glue as the glue which was spilled all over when these were made did not stick to the plastic.  I will need epoxy these together if I was ever to try to use them again.

Both shoe stretchers would not spread very wide -- I have 10.5 medium shoes, which are well within the range of these shoe stretchers.  I had to put rolled up washcloths inside the shoe such that these would even touch the side of the shoes.

List the problems:

-Fungus in the wood.
-The plastic spreaders will not stay attached making these shoes stay "spread" inside the shoes when you try to remove them.  Plan to take these appart and epoxy them in place before you use them.
-The adjustment screws are made out of plastic such that they will probably break after a few uses.
-They do not spread very far so I could not spread my shoes, even with spacers inside.
-The seller I purchased them from only gave a partial refund, less than 1/2, for a product that was bad out of the box.

Save your money, don't buy these.I guess that's the gamble I take when purchasing online.  I could see the glue on the shoes, they also have stained a few of his white socks.  Just plain cheap!These socks are extremely delicate. The white parts in the picture are extremely thin and very easy to rip.Picture is somewhat deceptive--these hankies are very old fashioned in design. There are no solid black ones, which is what I was looking for. Also, they need ironing. I've never had hankies that wrinkle so much. I would not purchase again.Theyre ok. The side pocket is very small and won't fit my cell phone. When the pants arrived they had nicks in them, as if someone had already worn them and nicked them with a blade or something. When I put my hand in my pocket, the seam on the pocket popped. Not good quality. I wouldnt recommend these.Bought for granddaughter and it broke after wearing once.came already ripped (defective) but my child wanted it anyway. After day 1 a strap ripped off, after day 2 the second strap ripped off and the handle too. IM OUTRAGED HOW AMAZON allowed these products to be sold through it.Not what I expected.Cheap, one of the front fasteners broke off the second time I wore them. If you want a cheap, one-time wear suspender then look no further. Want good suspenders to wear under your suit jacket /  blazer,,, look elsewhere.Spend more money on better shoes.I ordered one white one and 3 purple ones. The material is very thin and stiff. It's very sheer. The image makes it seem like it is a heavier solid cotton but it has small little holes everywhere, almost like a basketball jersey. It is not very good quality for the price. Spent less at target for replacement robes for better quality.This broke the second time my daughter put it on her head.  She was just sitting there and the band came apart.  We looked at it and could see that all the stitching was coming apart - it's only held together by a little thread and paper tags.  Don't waste your money on this.No goodit was too big and hard to put over on my shoulders, so I returned it and I had to pay to ship it back to the company.nice dress but runs very small.Cute but not a good quality. It looked flimsy. I got 1 full size bigger than my kid's size to be able to put a orthotic insole but it got too tight as the show is pretty low to begin with. It didn't work for us it might have worked without the insole but didn't even try.Fits as far as general bra size, I like the strap extender, and it is helpful bra for inserting breast pads, however it does not work at all for nursing. The flip down flap sits up to high - still covering a lot of the breast - and the underwire impedes feeding altogether. It's very supportive, however a little too supportive for a breast feeding mom that doesn't want to restrict flow.I love the glasses, they did fit, but arrived with a rhinestone missing from one side. It wasn't even in the box/bag, or I would have fixed them and kept them. Would rather have another pair than a refund, but that wasn't one of the options in the return info.While the belt itself seems fine, the color is completly misleading. I ordered a Chesnut and I received a Brown one: I had it replaced... to receive another brown, but tagged chestnut (and I then realized that the first belt was also tagged Chesnut).
In short, the vendor is color-blind, or it's a rip-off - You decide. Last time I'm going with this brand.
To make sure: Chestnut is a light brown, as per the picture. The picture is completely misleading. Refer instead to the brown picture: That's what you will get for a chestnut.Size 10 was large and unflattering to me.  Returned.Bra was great for the first week, after a week one of the clasp on the back broke and the wire started poking outVery disappointed in these. Poor quality with no support - my feet were killing me after a six block walk. And regardless of what they claim, this is not real leather but some sort of vegetable-plastic product. Sad to see ECCO quality continue to decline as most of their products are now made in China. Avoid this shoe.Not the right sandal for my wide foot.  My pinky tow stuck out.3x was not a plus size 3xDookieWater leak inside the watch and this bothers me a lot of what made me throw it in JunkLike the look, but fits like a shoe two sizes smallerFits great but rips easy im so disappointedThe shipping was fast actually faster than I thought it was but its not a waist trainer it's more of body sharper or girdle. The material is to thin, not making me look any slimmer it forms to my body. I've been wearing it for 3 weeks now & the the material that makes the shaper stay in place & is bending to my shape not forming it into a slimmer one. Yes it's cheap but it doesn't do the job.Loved them but they broke in a month.The quality as well as the size is not satisfactory. Please refund any and all of the money that I have invested for this item.
Unsatisfied customerHow can they be called work shoes, soles are very thin, support is near zero, would like to send them back but I wore these onceWas not the quality I thought I would beI have a pair of Seychelles flats that are very comfortable and have lasted for years.  I was excited to find a pair of Seychelles sandals that I loved as well. I hoped that these would last a whole season of continuous wear and possibly another, as I believed Seychelles were a quality product.  Unfortunately these sandals have not worn well.  Within the first two weeks there were signs of wear on all the straps as well as significant wear on the soles.  The worst part is that after 3-4 months I just discovered that the one of the shoes has split and will eventually break apart.  These were great while they lasted but unfortunately that wasn't very long.  Luckily these were on sale but I will hesitate to buy any other full price Seychelles as I'm no longer sure what i'm paying for.I haven't had these very long and only wore them a few times.  I noticed today that the mesh is already getting holes on the outside of the shoes.  I would like to return them and be refunded.  The return expired a month ago.Bought this for my boyfriend. He loved it!! It looks great. I'm very happy with this purchase.

UPDATE: after three months the ring just "exploded" as he was opening the garage door. The ceramic part broke in to a few pieces, and cut his hand. :(There is a chunk of the silver paint or whatever it is chipped and so as cheap as it already looked, I feel like I need to go buy some silver nail polish to fill the noticably chipped chunk. It is a cute ring, but until i repair it I will not be wearing it.no enugh room for the toe , so if you really wants that shoes order half size biggerMy husband bought me a pair this past September and I washed them a total of four times (once a month) and never put them in the dryer. The foot liner has worn out in the heel and has eight tears in one and less in the other.  I'm back to wearing the Isotoners I purchased three years ago.  I would expect better from Isotoner.  What happened to their quality?The shirt almost fit before it was washed then it shrunk to short to wear. And the polaris logo faded after one wash. It's like a shirt you win at your county fair - generic. I would like my money back but that won't happen because its washed. I would have givin it no stars if I couldOrder a large , what arrived appears to be is a medium with the size conciviently cut out of the tag .
As for the shirt ... It's a Soundgarden shirt so I love it !The color and footbed for this pair of sandals was phenomenal. The picture doesn't do the color justice. I purchased the Lake Shore/Boulder and I loved it. I do agree with the others reviews, regarding the toe-post being too far back on the shoe. There is far too much room at the top of the shoe because the toe-post is more towards the middle of the shoe. If we could change that, then these sandals would be perfect. I will be returning these.The color is nice. The fit is definitely for a junior. Even the extra large, fits tight.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Fjallraven-Kanken-Classic-Pack-Heritage-and-Responsibility-Since-1960-One-Size-Graphite/dp/B002OWETK4/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Fjallraven - Kanken Classic Pack, Heritage and Responsibility Since 1960, One Size,Graphite</a>
I'll give them credit...it's a good quality fake...but still...a counterfeit.won't buy again...fly is way to small opening.very very tight fittingI was using this bag for about one week and the should strap became un-stitched from the plastic clip. I can no longer use that piece and am extremely disappointed with the quality of the bag.I like the way the material feels. But it doesn't look like the picture. What is pictured has longer sides kind of, and the one I got is straight cut across and slightly flared, but not like the picture. Either way it fits and the print is fine so I'll keep it.To Bucky, Not what I expected, will not ever wear them,some what dissatifed with them! Also very Picky to the skin!!! ;((I have owned a couple of these backpacks before and loved them, but they don't hold up well. I purchased this one in mid-May and the snap has already ripped out of the fabric on the flap after only 3 months of light use! And Amazon shows it's now not eligible for return.I want to return itThe felt in the brim is not continuous and you can see the 3 distinct layers at the margin. Mine arrived in a tiny box, folded multiple times. Due to this, the layers separated from each other and created a large gap between the outer fabric and the inner layer. Hopefully I can super glue it together. I guess you get what you pay for. I would suggest paying a little more and getting a better quality hat.I was very disappointed to find how small these shirts and how wrinkled after washing.  I really did not expect this.I am 5'1" and about 118lb and I ordered up to a small and it fits (just on the tighter side on my thighs). However it had a stain on it out of the package. I needed it for Halloween so I can't exchange it at this point, I'm disappointed.This is my 8th pair of Asics, have been loyal to this particular shoe as they've changed over time- This is by far the cheapest pair and the quality is garbage.  I've had these two months and they are already falling apart.Boat cover is cheaply made. Collected water in it all the time. Cover ripped on me had to be sewed. Not a good cover.Don't buy this.  Five minutes into its first ride, it bounced off the saddle horn. For the remainder of the ride, I held the saddle horn so that it would not bounce off again.  For my second ride, I used a leather strap to attach one of the 2 rings on this bag to a ring on the saddle.  A few minutes later my horse bucked.  The saddle bag tore into two halves along the stitching at the top.  The half without the strap disappeared, while the remaining part with the ring that was attached to the saddle self-destructed 50 feet later: the ring pulled off the bag, and this remaining half of the bag hit the ground.

This would not have been much of a problem if had found both halves of this bag or if I had not been carrying anything important.  But my cell phone is in the half of the bag that I cannot find.  I've been looking for it for hours.

Amazon is gracious about accepting returns, but I wish they wouldn't sell junk in the first place.The shirts fits well and seems to be made a quality material that should hold up. The big issue with this shirt is how bad it wrinkles upon coming out of the dryer. It is the farthest thing from a non-iron shirts. The shirt is extremely difficult to iron and never really holds the wrinkles out. I have not taken it to a dry cleaner yet to see if they can make it look crisp. But, if you plan on ironing it at home I would pass on this shirt for a more iron friendly or wrinkle free type shirt.It's super uncomfortable on the Waist area.It's just ok. It doesn't lay as flat as shown in the picture. The band curls at the edges and the flower sticks up more.It seems that there was a change in the style of the jeans. They have a lower rise than previous Lee jeans I have purchased and the pockets seem to be set lower. It looks like the pants are being worn low when they are not. It seems to be a younger style rather than something for a mature man.This product didn't remove any tarnish from my sterling silver jewelry. Waste of money.These tights were initially very cute! They fit great and they had good compression. The only problem I had with them was the seam in the middle came apart after just one use! :(I ordered a size up for my daughter and they were still too small. Order up 2 sizes at leastStrange fit. Large in some places and short in others.
Has a back seam which ends up in places you do not want it to.Too big for an infant/baby.These are beautiful classic pumps. Sadly they are too small.  I had order a pair in size 5.5 black leather. They were too tight. I tried to find the 5.5 wide version but haven't been able to find them. I did find the size 5.5 C in black patent leather which I can use, but they are about the same as the 5.5 regular width I tried before!Great color very soft, just was way to big can not even wear it.Ordered 8.5 but seems like it was 9.5 or 10. Returned it !XXL is really more like a smaller large or a bigger medium...terrible, and it stinks horribly like insecticide or something...would NOT order again, very disappointed in this shirt...The picture doesn't do it justice. The shorts are way too big. They show them at knee length, but when I got them out of the box, they were more like mid-calf. And I'm 6 ft. 1.Size chart listed is inaccurate.  Medium came as 32-34, not the 34-36 listed.I received these as a Christmas gift and totally loved them.  They are soft, warm, and unbelievably comfortable.  After a little more than a year of daily wear, the sole on the right one is separating from the rest of the slipper.  Incredulous, I took photos and emailed customer service, even though they were past the one year warranty mark (only by a few months).  I was told that they would not replace them since I had owned them for more than a year.  For $80, they should last.  I am extremely disappointed in both the quality of the slippers and the crappy customer service.  If they really made a superior product, I would have no problem paying what they cost, but clearly, these are no better than cheaper slippers.  Seriously, just go buy some Target slippers for $20, then throw them out when they fall apart.was too small lolzthe belt was tooo big!!it was way too small for me to carry around.  Quality is just okay, nothing spectacular.  I had to return because it was just too smaller than I had expected it.Too small. Felt like a burlap sackBag was very small and flimsy.  The stitching was very poor and had a hole at one of the seams because they sew it when it came.  Returned for a refund.I was surprised to see t that the watch ran out of battery when I received it. Had to change a new battery before I could use it. I could not return the watch as I was out of US.piece of crap this dosnt hold any thing in the picture it is suppose to,hold a one dollar bill we all know how long that is rolled up this thing won't hold any thing but 2 small pills no supplements what so ever I won't be buying one ever againI don't really mean small, but short. These shirts were fine the first wear but after I washed them for my husband to wear to work, they shrank in length to were he left he was wearing a belly shirt. We won't buy these again.These boots are enormous I wear a size 10 and these are 13-14 I can almost fit my foot in a shoe insideThe shoes are somewhat heavy and do not provide a good arch support. I already own the FLY shoes, which are a lot more comfortable than this particular pair. I like the way they look, but am disappointed by their lack of comfort.ill-fitting and cheap fabric.The shoes have next to no grip.  The bottom of the shoe has lost all color and in a couple of days of wearing them they feel as if they are 3 years old.Is smaller than the size I order. Is the type of shirt not a mistake.The red rubbed off and my watch turned to white in random places. It looks cheap nowCheaply made. The buttons are loose upon receipt.I first was excited to get these shoes. But when i recieved them there seemed to be a stain on one of the shoes, i didn't care so much since i needed new shoes. But, as i tried them on for the first time, i gently pulled on he heel tap and they ripped! Both of them! I asked if i could please get an exchange after sending them back promptly, and after more than a month i was refunded the money after specificaly asking for just an exchange. Not only did i try and get in contact with them several times over email i also called and did not get good customer service. The representative was rude and her responses left me with the same questions after the call. I understand terms and conditions, but that is not the way you treat a customer.Smaller than described.  I have a true 22x14x9 duffle and this back pack has about 2/3 the space. it's well built but by a bigger one if you are looking for something that is truly the maximum carry on size.Quality is badWhile the keens fit well and are comfortable,  the quality has diminished over the last couple years.  I use to be keens biggest fan.  not any more.  Avoid keens,  unless you want to buy another pair in a few months.Bought this for my hubby for Christmas, washed it once and it shrunk more than one shirt size. If you are going to buy this, but extra big. Graphic is very cute though, just wish he could wear it still.an xL is too big for me but a large is too small, just my luck i'm 5'2 feet tall and chunky I was disappointedFakeRuns way  small and very fittedColor is not at pictured.  Looks black in picture but is more grayish white.  Arrived with one earring attached to card and other at bottom of box with no back.  Found second back at bottom of box and did not match the back on the other earring.Very cheap, not worth to paid for this item.I don't think my 12 year old niece could fit into this. Not true to the size AT ALLOh no!  I went to wear them thinking that they were black and in the sun they are navy. Since I buy so much from Amazon I would like to return them. Pleasenot my cup of teaVery cute, but WAY too short!  It's big around the arms/shoulders, but hardly covers my kids bottom.  She has to wear it with leggings instead of tights.  Very disappointed!Picture is a little misleading, boot is flimsie not a solid leather boot, took it on a motorcycle ride and it will not hold up. If I had the box I would probably sent them back.The earrings look like the ones in the photo unfortunately the thickness and shiny silver sides and back look just like a watch battery from any angle but the front. . The seller was good and quickly with delivery, I just do not like the earrings.Doesnt look like the picture. Its just black with tiny rasta stripesI like this style but noticed the stitching is not very good and I ordered three dresses for my daughter.For the price its not bad, its a big bag alright roomy and has a compartment pocket to put your gym shoes os wet clothes. it says it made
of leather but feels like fleather to me-vinyl! patchworked or looks sewn together faked! Feels thin faked material. Its  made in China.
Theres this stong reeking smell it from the small packages that they put in that is soo strong..... I put several smelling balls you put
in your shoes after you use them to hopefully will get rid of the storng smell!I'm giving this a 2 star because it looks good but I have worn it once and now it's starting to peel. I am extremely disappointed.It looks pretty, but it is pretty worthless. Way too large to even stay in my nose and its not adjustable. Would not buy again.Not what I thought I was getting had to find something elseI am confused to why these boots are getting good reviews.  I had a pair of timberland pro that i purchased a few years ago they were amazing. The quality of these boots that i bout on 1/26/15 are nothing close to the pair i had. They are poorly made and very painful on the feet.  I have purchased 3 different styles of the pros and different sizes they are all horrible, sad to say since my first pair where the best work boots i ever owned.  I will never buy timberland again.I have purchased many Skechers in the past, but I must say this is the first pair I have been disappointed with.  They really hurt my feet. I am trying to break them in although I have never had to do this with Skechers before. I CANNOT wear them to work so I guess I will just wear them around the house. I suggest another kind of Skechers for people on their feet throughout the day. I do NOT like them!Ordered larger size than I wear but did not fit and cups very small. Material thinI typically wear a M, but bought an XL, so that it would hopefully be flowy. The XL fit like a S/M and was very tight. I needed it for a party, so I couldn't return it. Very disappointed. On the bright side, the material is soft and breathable.i could fit the classic uggs in a children's 6 but not these not sure whyBought them for me daughter who looked. Fabulous but the zipper was faulty and refused to zip then when it finally moved up the zipper opened from the middle. I was going to return them then thought of all of the frustrations and then decided to have the zipper replaced at a tailor. Nevertheless the jeans were beautiful despite the cheap zipper!The bandana was blurry. I get better bandanas for $1 at Walmart. Very disappointed, it was like a blurry photoThis shirt was great the first time I wore it.  Then I washed it, following the label instructions (machine wash warm, gentle cycle, tumble dry low heat).  Shirt shrank a LOT and is now way too small.These are VERY thin. Almost not even strong enough to be considered a one-time use disposable. Garbage bags would be more durable.falls apart and the nylon cord sticks out and pokes your skinSecond day of trip the zipper for the day-pack breaks.  Did I just get a bad one or are all these low quality?cheap mask ruins the costumeIt's a narrow fit so it squeezes my feet. Should have gotten 1 size largerIt said "xs".  They are very large.  They feel and look cheap. Disappointing.The clear plastic clasp straps pop out easily. The whole purpose I got these was to hold me up while not being able to notice straps because I am someone who does not like the uncomfortable feel of a strapless bra. I'm pretty disappointed.Crap.I normally wear a size 8 and these were way to big and uncomfortable.How do you get two left bootsWanted to return the item, but their return policy won't allow it. While the pictures look nice of the item, it doesn't show that it's cheaply made and the sizes are not accurate, expected better, now I am stuck with it. not happy.Will never use again. Left waxy film on my shoes (horrible with cloth, better with brush but nowhere near Lincoln Stain/Polish also sold on Amazon).Smaller in the bust than I thoughtsize is not appropriate. it's smallvery thin better used on the arms ....not impressed!!Was extremely short, didn't cover my butt, and I got a donkey okay. I'm like 140 5'5, it's like a shirt on me. I ordered black and Grey at the same time. But it's cute or whatever lol. I jus have to wear leggings or a cardigan.. Or both.Looked like a old lady. Definitely for a smaller type woman. Didn't like the lace, the dress fit too tight and if you have a rounded abdomen the lace will not fit where its suppose to and there is no curvuture to it once this happens which in turn made me feel like I was old. But if you had the right shape and a bit shorter, I am 5'7 a girl posted on here and looked good in the dress, but definitely not for the ones that have a big midsection. Fit tight atop, then flattens you out from there.Watch is lovely, just much too big for a small wrist.
Having difficulty navagating the system to return for refund.
Would appreciate a phone number to call.  Website has returns going in a cycle, not assistance.Saw the Wrangker name abd son likes green and he need this type of shirt for work for summer in Vegas, but the matteriak was course and too heavy weight fir a Vegas summer si I had to return ut.Worst Quality ever. It is impossible to get it wrong when designing a t shirt, but somehow, Showtime did just that, this is the worst t shirt ever! One trip to my laundry machine was enough to fade the print to almost nothing...nothing, it completely faded. I got 5 bucks t shirts in my wardrobe from H&M that are 100 times better quality than this garbage! Unbelievable!The order placement procedure is the worse in regards to the course of action on an initial purchase. According to "OnlineShoes", they're simply the middle-man via a long systematic ordering process that prolongs the delivery of a package. You'll be lucky to see the product by the given end-date if not later outside the expected date. It was extremely disappointing having to order and cancel the product after finding out it would have not arrived on schedule prior to my Spring Break trip.  A complete waste of valuable time attempting to contact the seller to figure-out why the product had not been sent or delivered. Additional waste of time having to cancel the product.
I ended up evaluating these flops at a local store only to find that they are overpriced given the material and cheap nature. I walked out with some Nikey flops at half the price and better quality.i don't like the back styleHoly buckets, this thing is HUGE. I was looking for a small travel laptop bag, but this was way too big. If you need plenty of storage, go for it. But this bag is unattractive on all levels. So disappointed, as I've purchased other Timbuk2 bags which were sort of cute with some artistry. This is as plain and boring as it appears.While the top I received fit well and looks great on, its not what I ordered. I expected to receive an all black top with pockets, and I received a black top with brown suede detailing (elbow patches and a small triangle at the neckline) and buttons down the side, and sadly no pockets!!!I didn't receive this item i received a different one.I have a larger chest, and this shirt did not look right. The fabric was not stretchy, and fit very weird on me.My wife order an XL..the tag said XL..but when she put it on..smh..at lease an XXXL..returning asapi only needed these for initiation, but one heel was crushed when i opened the boxToes are to small on the socksI've been buying 511 and 527 Levi's in 30-inch length for years. In the last year I've bought two pair of each and they've all been two inches longer than before. The boot-cut 527s were not too bad because too-long pants look okay with western boots (although the pants are baggier than before and ragged in the back from dragging on the ground after just a few wears), but with the 511s it's really annoying. They're baggier than they used to be too. They don't make them any smaller than 29L apparently, but don't seem to make 31W-29L, so I'm out of luck. A guy in a retail store whose Levi's were also two inches longer than normal blamed it on Chinese manufacturers when I showed him how much longer his were than the 32-30 511s I was wearing. So I have to start wearing Lee's now? Good god, what is the world coming to.The shoe is a 9, the same as my old pair of Arroyo but is too big now.
I don't understand it. And it feels like they switched the materials of the sole.
Seriously bummed because this was the absolute best pair of shoes I've
ever owned. They went on hikes all over the US from west coast surf, sierra mountain
ranges, to southwest deserts, southern appalachians. These shoes were out
of the box broken in, could walk 10 miles in them with no socks and not get
blisters. Super sad about this, because now they went and changed the shoe and
the new color schemes are weird as well. My feet are mourning.It's too large.I really didn't like thembad zipperVery flimsyI haven't wore it yet already found a tear along the inside of the jacket. Feels cheap, don't expect to keep you warm with if on.very small the Flower is the size of a eraser on a pencil,
 thin gold and poor color gems. I was embarrassed to give these to my daughter for her 12 birthdayIt didn't work, I wanted to put a different battery - no use at all
The product did not respond at any stageUseless.Arrived with a few crystals missing so I was disappointed and am returning for another pair.I got these boots and was immediately impressed with the look and solid "feel" of the boot.
I tried them on and they fit well.
I took a step and noticed something digging into the outer area of each of my lower legs, just below where the clip part of the buckle is attached to the outer boot.

I thought it might be the buckle or the lacing so I tried a variety of things.
I adjusted the boots lacing in a few different ways. I tightened the buckle. I unclipped the buckle. No matter what I did, that pain persisted.

I took a closer look. Basically, on my foot, when I take a step the natural "hinge point" of the boot is just below the buckle (which is an inch or 2 above my ankle on my foot). That buckle's attachment point on the boot is reinforced with extra leather, to better hold it onto the boot. Well, just below that extra leather is the boot's hinge point and, because the leather is thinner there, it bends into the outer part of my lower leg; just above the ankle. Essentially, with every step I took in the boots, the leather would bend inwards and dig into my outer legs. It was very disappointing.  I have owned a wide variety of winter boots over the years and none have hurt my foot like these did.

This might not be an issue on your foot, but it was for me. The pain was annoying and it seemed like a design flaw, but I do not see anyone else complaining about it here so it might just be me.

Perhaps this leather that causes the pain point would break-in over time and stop hurting, but there was no way I was going to take that $90 chance, so I returned them right away.

I will also say that the gaiter could be longer/better designed. It does not tighten well and offers very minimal coverage. The the 2 upper eyelets for the laces are poorly thought out. They are unnecessarily cumbersome and slow down the lacing process.

Overall, I cannot recommend these boots.Functional but incredible cheap and poorly made. I will use it but it won't last long. It's too bad because it is a good size. I would have paid twice as much for better quality. Upgrading the materials would have cost $1-2 in Cost of Goods. The quality mesh bags come from LL Bean but cost $45 or more. There is a big opportunity for a quality bag at a high margin in the $20-25 range.I've owned several different styles of Crocs over the years. Loved them all. I needed something "dressy" yet casual and they had to be comfy, so I was so excited to find these. Let's start with look: these are adorable, fashionable, light weight. Only you will know it's a croc. Wearing it is a different story, however. I wear a size 9, but have very thing and slender feet (which sounds weird, I'm aware). The toe box isn't wide enough, and after wearing them only an hour or so (I was walking a lot), they had chewed my feet raw. Above my left pinky toe, above my right big toe and two places in each heel were skinless. If I go a size up, the toe box will be the same, and the shoes will be floppy. I'm sorely disappointed in these.Although this locket and chain are beautiful and, at first, seemed to be well-made, the glass front of the locket cracked badly after being worn only a few times. I do not know how this even happened since I did not drop it or hit it on anything, so I have to assume that it must not have taken much force to break the glass. I don't know if this is a problem common to all floating charm lockets or just a defect with this particular locket or if it's an issue with this particular brand. I do know that this locket, which I really liked, can no longer be used.

If you decide you want to purchase the locket and hope for better luck than I had, I can tell you that the photos don't do it justice- It is really very pretty with a lot of shine and looks more expensive than it is. The rhinestones have a great sparkle. Also, I liked that the rhinestones were set deep enough into the face that they did not catch on anything or seem likely to be knocked out. I am just sad that mine broke!I ordered the exact same size as my beloved former Telic's which I blew out at summer camp.  This different style seems disappointingly to run a bit smaller.  Yes, I realize I could exchange, but just do not have the time.The light that it was over 50 lbs did not work Not exactly a vintage grey Army t-shirtPurchasing these in a hurry, I thought 3 came in the order (as three are pictured). It is only one pair in the order. They don't stay on any more than most baby socks, but I have found better ones by Babies r' Us.I'm a curvy size 8-10...there wasn't a chance that I could do this up. Would have needed two sizes bigger to get even close.One of the shoes fabric ripped two weeks after purchase.FRAUD. You should show a size relationship photo. These are unbelieveably small. CRIMINALS.Had to return them, much smaller than all previous New Balance sneakers. Could not even get my foot in them/Button fell off in first hour of use.  Zipper is very thin & I don't expect it to last long. Inside pocket is small but fits a cell phone with plenty of space. Probably won't last 6 months, but it otherwise looks as pictured.Dress is very cheaply made. Thought it was from China tbh, also wasn't sewn together correctly. So one side had three loops for the straps and the other only had two, I wouldve kept it but it was too obvious to wear without a coverup. Which defeats the purchase of the dress.What a piece of junk. Just a molded plastic oversized flip flop. Maybe worth $4.95 at a beach shop. I'll stick with Teva.Poor quality.Horrible product!  Last year I bought tutus from Leg Avenue for a marathon and they were wonderful.  I went with this product because it was cheaper.  It is completely unusable.  It smells like fish -- my cat attacked the package.  There is so little tulle that you can see the elastic waistband.  the tulle does not lay well.  Completely unusable.  I found out that the seller does not accept returns.  It is heading for the garbage bin.  I will spend a few extra dollars and order from Leg Avenue again.  I should have known...you get what you pay for. :/But white doesn't show the words simplicityI thought I would try more expensive socks for my daily two mile walk.  I like the way they fit but I was disappointed to see that a hole is beginning to form at the back (not the bottom) of the heel on both socks after a short time.  I shall go back to cheaper socks that I will be more willing to replace when worn.  These are the first socks I've ever had that got a hole in the back of the heel; about an inch from the bottom of the heel; very odd.The sparkles were good. I was surprised at the poor quality of the fabric. That was something I couldn't see online.Returned over a year ago, never received refund. This isn't only a ripoff, but the shorts don't work if you have an ounce of leg muscle -- super, super narrow.They are very cute but there is a crease in them that make the top of his foot very irritated. He cannot wear them.I DONT  LIKE THE DRESS IS DIFERENT THAN THE PICTURE AND THE BELT IT DIDNT ARRIVE ,
I THINK THIS KIND OF DRESS NEEDS TO LL BE BUY IN THE STORE NOT BY INTERNETWas more coral then orangeI have my doubts that this is an authentic Puma shirt. My son has several Puma shirts and this one is not the same quality as ones purchased from golf store retailers. Quality of the material and the fact that the logo is not sewn on add to my doubts.No tailbone protection whatsoever. Wish it did, and it would be good. Pictures are deceiving.Very light weight and returned it because though the colour is gorgeous, the fit was not flattering to me - too much of a belly. Also fit my bosom rather awkwardly.I thought these would light up too. I didn't buy them from amazon so didn't see any of these reviews. I'm sure my daughter will still love them, but its still disappointing.This watch is so cute and I was so excited to wear it.  After a couple hours, the brass studs turned my skin green.**Update**
Belt is now falling apart and the loops are breaking off also at the seams. Will not buy again and find another brand to buy from.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
My CTM elastic belt is the best belt in my closet. All my other belts gets uncomfortable after several hours of usage or feels really stiff. This elastic belt is very lightweight & is easily adjustable whether you have a empty or full belly. No one likes when you go to a family event with the aroma of BBQ ribs/chicken and after several plates, you notice your belt in on the last loop. You can't adjust the belt anymore so off it comes, lol. Well this elastic belt can accommodate a full belly after you enjoyed yourself a little too much.

The belt feels smooth and sturdy with no stitches coming apart so far. There are no designated spots to tighten the belt so I love the fact you can adjust it however you like to. Will be buying more colors.I was really excited about this bag beacuse of the advertising it has. Unfortunately that was the complete opposite when i recieved it. It is super small and i was going to pack for a three days and as i started pcking it didn't fit. Had to borrow a regular suitcase. Will be returning it as soon as possible.Previously bought the same bra in the regular back and thought I'd try out this version.
Cup material is MUCH thinner the the rest of bra and provides little support.
Sent packaged folded into quarters with the cardboard band plastic-tagged through the bra in FOUR different areas. Total overkill and caused many holes due to it being folded so much. Straight out of package was already snagged and pulled.
Not recommended, buy the regular version!Put these in some men's new balance sneakers. They have leather punched small hole eyelets and it was tricky. One end broke off as I was trying to pull it through.
But once they were in they have been durable. Just tedious to install.Not a bad pair of pants.  Fit as expected but the fabric they are made of collects lint like crazy.  Buy yourself a lint roller too. You'll  need it  The dryer doesn't help with this.  If you wash them with anything they will attract the lint and you have to use a lint roller every time.  If you have pets, forget it.Horrible cheap and NOT worth the expense. They looked cute. They ripped along the seam from the sole to the start of the top. Poorly made, poorly advertised and way too expensive for such a cheaply made pair of "slippers"For a child it would be perfect but for an adult,  which is what I ordered for..it was to small. I wish I would have known. But it's still cute.The Stone Park Campus Lodge from the necklace. I think they should have used more gluesmaller than the size suggestedThe fit was good, but the underwire kept sticking into me making it uncomfortable to wear.A very different color than in the photo!The pink in the photo is waaaay off. If you're looking for 80's neon pink, then it's the belt for you. If you're looking for the pink in the photo, run the other direction because this just isn't it.These are not 3x. And they're nowhere near as long as the ones in the picture.Great looking shoes but the quality is terrible.  I've owned them less than a month and the souls are already falling apart. BEWARE and buy better quality shoes that don't fall apart in less than a month. For the record I work in an office. I'm not running in these.Shoes were pretty but had to send them back as the box I received had one size 8.5 and one 6.5.I ordered a 3X because I like a roomy nightgown. This isn't even a 2X. It is tight across the chest and binds under the armholes.  I washed it before wearing but it is still itchy. I'm unimpressed. Back to Eileen West I guess.Too big in seat and legsits cheap leather no bueno don't buy its fake alligator boot fell apart after 2 times wearThe shoes are great and are a 100% genuine product. The only problem is the sizing is WAY off, buyer beware; especially if you have bigger or wide feet.but the date doesn't change
i just wanted a cheap watch that worked
i guess next time i'll get a casioThis was my 1st experience with Crocs flips & I was delighted when I open the box. I'd ordered these because I needed some flips to wear to the beach that are more supportive than my cheapy TGT specials & I think these would've been a step in the right direction. The color is gorgeous, bright, vivid & very attractive. The fit of the footbed was spot on. Yeah!
The issues for me are with the toe thong. I'm an avid barefooter, rock my Vibrams & have a relatively wide space between my big & index toes but the Kadee 2 thong is situated such that I couldn't seem to find a comfortable position for my foot that allowed for a natural gait. When I removed them to examine the thong I notice that it is several pieces affixed with some sort of epoxy that on the left sandal appears to already be failing. Considering I plan to wear these out in high heat/sun conditions I don't see either holding up to more than a trip or two at most. Plus, I didn't realize this type of shoe would squeak & chirp literally every time I so much as twitch. I've a pair of Crocs slingbacks that don't chirp, so maybe it was just the weird fit on these?At least two sizes smaller than! So if your a large buy an XXL !Narrow. Rubbed sides of his feet.I tried only one of the three shirts and it was much too large in the body.  The sleeves were fine and the neck was too.  I have contacted a local seamstress to see if they can be fitted.  I'm not small having a 46" chest and 41" waist but the shirt was cut for an even larger man.  Very disappointed.I ordered this in W, or C,D, and I couldn't even get my bare foot into one.  I had to go get thin socks to even get them on.  Once on, I could barely walk.  They are REALLY high, and my feet were crammed in them so tightly, my toes were all crunched and squished on top of one another.  I knew they were going back the second I stood up.  5 minutes after taking them off, my feet still hurt.  I definitely would have blisters on each side of my foot if I wore them for any significant length of time.  I would understand if I ordered in regular width, but I ordered wide width!  I can wear wide shoes in any other brand I have tried.  The shoes themselves look nice, but the sequins look a little cheap.  Very disappointed.  I so looked forward to this purchase and waited with baited breath for them to arrive just to be let down.  Bummer.I wear 10 or 10.5 and these were way too big. I had to go down to 9.5 that size fit perfectly.Smaller size .... too large .... and I'm not thin, just average and proportionate ....Was great for a week then latex ripped.The colors were not like in the picture. They were faded looking when I got the shirt. The picture online show the colors bright.The shirts are comfy enough. However after the 2nd wash, the shirts have fallen apart! I use gentle detergent and the normal cycle on my washer. I have never had a piece of clothing fall apart like this. Ever. I will not be able to return because I've already tossed all the packaging...and I've purchased 3 packages. Highly disappointed. Quality of these shirts have gone down for sure. Spend your money on another brand.Had to send this straight back.  I bought my regular size and it was so small I even checked to make sure they'd sent the correct size.  They had.  I didn't even try sizing up half a size as I had no confidence it would fit.This is the worst baiting suit Ive ever gotten its ugly and isn't like the picture at allAfter one week of school this backpack is showing it's true colors.  The material is flimsy and the zipper is worthless.  I don't expect this backpack to last much longer which is upsetting considering the price I paid for it.I believed one of your reviews that said that the clasp was small enough to fit into any pendant.  It doesn't and I may take it to a jewelry store to fix.  Cannot use my beautiful sugilite heart until I do.Not what I expected don't even want to give it one stsrDidn't love them.  I'm 5'6 138lbs and typically wear a size 6.  I like my lounge shots to be roomy and these are too short and not as roomy as I had hoped.  I just sleep in them.I bought this item when it was priced around $12 and it deserved five stars at that price. I bought this primarily to wear during last few weeks of pregnancy and during hospital stay, and it more than met my expectations. The material is soft, stretchable and the design is not so grandmotherly! It is plenty roomy in the abdomen area yet well fitting around the chest. The buttons in the front are real and open. At 5'4", it falls below the knees. In fact, I liked it so much that I wanted to get a second one and put it in my cart but wasn't able to place the order right away. I come back to the cart the next day and to my utter surprise, the item price had been jacked up to $47. Now, I would have still happily paid up to $20 for this, but a 291% increase in price is utterly ridiculous. Hence the 2 stars.  At its current price, that is what this item will get. If the price goes back down to anything more meaningful for the actual quality of this product, I would revise the rating.It fits ok, but the material is too thin and it got a whole in it the first gay I wore it.  I ddidn,t even get it caught on something.This was the biggest piece of crap I have ever bought. The lining and the padding both stick up over the top of the suit. the armholes are super small and the lining also rides up in between the breasts. Just awfulAfter several washes they become very stiff and they feel like straw. Two stars for about 2 great uses.Very smallgave it to goodwillNice shirt but after washing it cant wear again. The dye wash out of it. Not please with the purchase.I am sure these work great for some folks.  The bungie kept getting tighter and tighter each use.  Really hurt my feet.Disappointing. These run really small and are very scratchy; not soft at all. Very disappointed.  Fortunately I had also ordered some others that were great.looks cheapThey are cute, but thats all that is going for them. They are not comfortable at all.Bought theses for my daughter who wears a size 8. Both shoes are stamped 8 but one shoe is bigger than the other. On closer inspection - the part that fits between the toes, one is longer than the other and that's the shoes that is bigger.The khaki top was way off color they. Sent me a brown top it was also way too small the chart is way off wouldn't suggest this to anyone.Great boot make sure to order at least one size larger than neededWhen I ordered these jeans...I ordered a size larger because they are quite stretchy....I received them and after wearing them only once.....the button already fell off.....Grrrrrrrrr..........Other then that.....they are nice! I would be cautious when  ordering these! (Unless you enjoy sewing)Skirt was hideous. Don't care for rouching. Returned immediatelyDid not realize that they were sheer type socks.Loved the shoe, too small. Couldnt replace them through Amazon, none left. Had to return them.Wide in the torso, short in the sleeves.  Not flattering.This watch did not last one month before breaking.  Poorly made.Super cute back pack. Daughter was super excited about. However, it only lasted 2 months before there was a broken strap. I fixed the strap and the following month there was a rip in the bottom. At this point she had to use her old bag from the year before for the rest of the school year.Fits too large, like 1 size up.
Did not like the color, it was too dullnoSizing seems smaller than its supposed to beworst purchase i ever made from amazon! less than two days after i got it the poorly made poorly strung thread that held the whole thing together snapped! and my beads went flying everywhere this item was of poor construction and and poor quality! don't buy! stay away terrible! just terrible!everyone goes through a lot of backpacks with kids, but this one wore out a lot quicker than others.  It was a thinner and the fabric and stitching simply wore out after only a couple of months.  We are hard on backpacks but this is one of the worst quality ones we have ever purchased..did not fit..maybe miss sized since all my others that size DO fit.Good glasses but the quality isn't there, they broke in a dayReturned it. Didn't fit as expected.One of the straps broke in the first month.  Then a whole seem down the side tore within a week of that.Not made as to what I remember an XL should be.  Thin material and there was a hole in the shirt up by the Velcro which holds the cape on.Not good, the lenses are way to big for my face and the piece that goes around your ear; painful, they poke the back of the ear.I had one pair of these gloves that I purchased at another store and loved them so I purchased these on Amazon but they are not the same.  They pill so badly and I haven't even washed them yet.  I can't wear them.  I am going to try to wash them and see if that will help.  I love Smartwool, I only buy their socks, so I don't know why these liners are so bad.Can't even get them on, going back.I just took this suitcase on a plane trip domestically.  After the first leg, the bag was so beaten up.  After the second leg, it had dings out of it where the outer material ripped.  Would have expected it to be better quality than that.  I am very disappointed.  I love the shape and the two sided design though.  Just wish the outside was better quality.I bought this for my toddler (15 mo) and at first they seemed to be ok but as he became more stable with walking, they made him trip and fall very easily.  I think the thickness of the velcro strap is too stiff and does not allow the baby to fully bend his foot as he takes steps so he has to walk flat footed without bending.  this caused him to fall on concrete head first and scrape his nose badly.  The other shoe I bought from Stride Rite were great and allowed him the flexibility to bend his foot and stabilize on each step.  Unfortunately the return window closed on the Kellen so I could not return it.  However, I would not buy this shoe if your child is a beginner walker.Broke after one time wear.Bought the first bra, received it, tried it on and top snap came apart. Returned bra and finally recieved second bra. Tried it on and doggone if the second snap from the bottom didn't come apart. I can live with this until I find another company that sells better quality products as I really need a bra. In the meantime I will not do any further business with Footsmart.Loved the shoe, but it was too narrow.  I had to return it.Absolutely not true to size and they are very cheap looking, not like the picture shows.Don't like how the dress fit me. Somewhat to small on chest.I'm very suspicious of the good reviews on here of pajama gram. if you go on yelp , you will see reviews that I think more accurately reflect the quality and customer support of this line, which is abysmal . I got a set as a gift. The bottoms fit fine, but after a few washings the elastic in the wait became irrevocably twisted. The set seemed to be mismatched, though they were both marked the same size, top and bottom. The bottom fit fine, yet the top was much too small . I'm a woman of average proportions , and don't usually have this issue. I attempted to contact the company several times thru their website, as they offer a satisfaction guarantee , however nobody ever responded to any of my requests for instructions on how to proceed with a return or exchange.Returned did not like.Not comfortable. Not true to sizeHorrible! Cheap material, an XL wouldn't fit someone who wears a S!I paid only $10, which is about what these shoes are worth. The plastic is smooth on one foot and slightly rumpled on the other. They are very lightweight and don't offer much in the way of support. For the price, it isn't worth the hassle of a return. These are shoes that work for just running to the grocery store or something but aren't anything special.These ran very short and we had to return them.Cheap, uncomfortable. Possibly knockoffs? I've worn this style of Skechers for years, and these don't feel like the Skechers I'm used to.I picked up this jacket during a 'Daily Deal'. It is not high quality. The first day I used it the pocket ripped. The zippers are plastic and don't work well. I jacket is very bulky- I was hoping for more of a light fall jacket. You can remove the inner jacket from the outer jacket but when you wear the outer shell it feels very large- too large. If you are looking for a jacket you can do better than this.just uglyDid not like itI will have to return this item because it is smaller than I expected.didn't work to open any of my watches :(
if it cost more i'd send it back.The shoe feels awesome but, the gel heel blew out after wearing them for a few days. I felt something weird, took it off and there was blue sticky gel all over my foot. Maybe it was just a fluke.Very see thruThe first thing I noticed when I opened the package up was that the cloth did not feel soft. I was expecting it to be 100% cotton, which some are not. 3 are striped with 53% cotton and 47% polyester, while the remaining 2 are 100% cotton, and yet, they don't feel like 100% cotton. Hanes was in my understanding cheap but quality, no fancy name brand. Not any more I gather. I'm not returning these, because I don't feel comfortable returning underwear, so they'll just have to sit at the bottom of the pile for those times when the laundry hasn't been done.I see most of the reviews for this are for the most part very good.  I must have received a bad one - this thing looks like it came out of a 25 cent bubble gum machine.  Really looks like a cheap piece of plastic, no sparkle or life at all in the stone.  Sent it right back.The handle for this bag makes it awkward to carry. The bag is pretty, but nothing close to what I would call a backpack. To me, this is a laundry bag.Really tight compared to other silver jeans I own!cheap with permanent plastic studsVery Cheap! The Props had to be fixed before they could even be used. Not a fan of this item at all!For now 1 star. But I like the shirt just need to order x-large.This was a nice shoe, but I usually wear a size 9 and these was at least an entire size too small.not what I imagine.My friend was telling me that spinner rings might help with ADD and being a kinesthetic learner (where you have to be doing it to learn it. In theory, spinning the ring or doing things with your hand while reading or listening to a lecture might trick your brain enough to assimilate the information). Bought this for my friend and she reported that within a week it was black, I think the silver was really poor quality. I offered to return it for her and get something else but she felt bad and wouldn't let me.this wouldnt fit on a dolls head don't buyLittle over a week after I bought this, the thread  that kept the mesh pockets together came undone. This one seam keeps 4 different pockets seperated so now I have two huge pockets. I didn't stuff it overly full, I just put stuff wear it fit in the organizer. I was so excited to use this product and have a nicely organized purse, but I wasted my money. The quality is disappointing.Arm length fit well. A person would not know they are size Short by the length of the Legs. They are very long. I wouldn't recommend them for that reason. I am 5' 5" .PROS- Super cute shoes! Super cute packaging!

CONS- Arriving with a STAIN already on the toe!  This was a pretty big bummer.I really wanted this to work, but the charging system was defective right out of the box - it would overload a charger designed for iPads (which can supply a lot of power)  the cord would heat right up.  Fortunately it didn't damage my laptop when I plugged it in, that would have been expensive - the over current limit on the USB port shut it down.  The manual was very poor and while the construction of the watch seemed OK I never really got to use it was clearly defective and had to be returned.  I replaced it with a Polar, a brand I've used for 15 years.I was really excited to get these gloves. They are beautiful in the picture. The color and design do look like the picture, but they are not gathered, which make them look unfinished. They just stop abruptly, which looks very unflattering. I'm very disappointed they were the perfect touch to my classic wedding gown, and now I will not be wearing themI didn't get the chance to try them on until it was too late for return. These shoes had to be tagged wrong. I ordered a sz9... They may be a sz 6. I had my daughter inlaw try them and they are too little for her too. She wears a sz 7. Now I'm stuck with themThe head piece sheds like crazy.Needed to return it. Order one size larger or you will have to do the same.These shoes fell apart, so I requested a replacement. The replacement shoes fell apart. This is not what I expect from $194 shoes or Eileen Fisher.when I received it did not resemble the picture in away.  it is going backIt was too big.The bracket was a lot smaller than expectedOrdered these to replace the same ones that I have, but I had to return these because they didn't fit the same.Had to return.I received it and it was so miss sized top was big middle was tight and hips seams were way off!Too small. Not going to buy any more on line.  EmmyIt looks brown, but when I hold it up to the light I can see that its somewhat red.The socks wear out quite fast and become covered in acrylic balls very easily.  They look pretty unsightly after just a few wearing.  Stick to the other gold toe lines such as the metropolitan or Canterbury as they are much better made and better fabrics.  I am surprised they still make this remnant socks from the 60s with this horrible acrylic.I am 5'2 224lbs and very bottom heavy. I purchased this garment in a 3x. 1st- impression very nicely made, quality fabric. 2nd impression- This garment rolls up and becomes a thong very easily, and does NOT look like boy shorts as depicted in the picture. 3rd impression - OMG!!! I thought that I was going to have to have this thing surgically removed from my rear-end! Sheeeeshhhhhh!!!!!Color was very cute everything fit but beware -  I had to have my daughter help me take it off because it would not come out from my arms you have to have teeny tiny arms in order for it to fit like the pictureThey're junk. Broke first week usingLarger than I thought it would be.  Does not fit in your pocket that well.I really like the shoes and Ive gotten a number of compliments since I received them a few days ago. HOWEVER... I am absolutely appalled by the way I received them and the condition. The outer box was huge, so the shoe box just kinda rolled around inside. The actual shoe box had no lid, so they were held in with a rubber band! This caused one shoe to basically fall out of the box, bending the tongue back. The tongue now has a crease in it. Finally, the bottom of the shoes were visibly dingy suggesting that they had already been worn. I was ready to send them back, but noticed I would be charged return shipping AND a restocking fee, so I decided to live with the disappointment and keep them.This cover does not have the clear plastic sleeve that prevents duplicate check images from bleeding down to the next check.  If your checkbook makes duplicates, do not order this cover. It will not work.I liked the wallet, until the zipper head completely camet off within 3 months of purchase. I was considering repurchasing one thinking maybe I just had bad luck with the first one. But then  I saw similar complaints in other reviews. Be wary of the zipper when purchasing this wallet.I have the same jeans purchases from a local store in town. The tag says 38 waist on those pairs and they fit fine. These are at least a 34 because I cannot button them and I also where 36 which are tight but I can wear. Not sure how there is a mix up but both pair are clearly not the size tagged. Even being stretch fabric, they cannot be buttoned. Someone sewed in the wrong tag.The colors just real badThe material is not good quality - it's almost like a plastic type feel.I bought this wallet ten months ago. My wallets normally last for years. I am disappointed the the stitching holding the ID window is failing, causing cards to fall out. The wallets corners are also wearing prematurely. I agree with other reviewers who state that this is not a slimfold wallet. I am now forced to replace it.I returned it.The frame is not strong enoughPretty little dress and I really liked the lace around the collar. Unfortunately, it ran too small/ short and the fabric wasn't what I had expected. I ended up returning.It lasted for like 2 weeks then the button ripped off. I don't find it worth the money I spent on it.I put this item on my christmas list and got them on Christmas day.  It is now 3 days later and the pink ribbon is coming off and 2 of the buttons holding on the ribbon fell off.  I strongly do not recommend if you have small children where you have to watch everything going into their mouth.  However, if you don't care about the ribbon or missing parts, they are wearable.  My favorite thing about these slippers is the non-slip bottom, somewhat like tennis shoes.  Not the most comfortable, but I have to wear something around the house otherwise my feet are killing me if I am on the wood floors all the time.  I will likely have to buy inserts to make them more comfortable as the cushioning is almost gone.  It's really too bad as I had high hopes for these, and since they are my 1st "Skechers", I doubt I'll buy anymore of the brand.I thought I was ordering traditional boxer short underwear.  But these underwear bottoms are much tighter than the boxer shorts I'm used to.I currently own several pairs of Hanes briefs, size 12, and they have fit perfectly for 2 years, even after repeated washing/drying. I purchased the pack of White briefs, also size 12, and they were made out of cheaper cotton, and are two inches smaller, than my older briefs. (Yes, I measured them against the briefs I already owned.)  I also purchased the pack of colored briefs. These briefs were one inch smaller than my own briefs, and the cotton is also thinner.

I am very disappointed that a brand I've depended on for many years, is now delivering smaller sized briefs with cheap material. Definitely time to shop for a different brand of briefs.My daughter wears size 12 (little kid) and I ordered 12.5. I was surprised when I opened the package. The shoe box was really small. Indeed the shoes were way too small. This pair is the same length as a size 11.5 which my daughter is wearing and shorter than her size 12 shoes. Since PUMA is narrow (not as wide as regular medium), it is tight to fit into. If you want to buy it, go up at least 1 size.Size was not even close to 10.5 EEE I'm not happy!Was like two sizes too smallI recently purchased these for a trip to Seattle, but when I received them they were not the same product listed. The pants were not the right color, as I ordered dark olive and they looked more of like a gray, also there was a lack of the "motorcycle detail". Another complaint is the inseam is 29 in when the product description says they would be 30 in. I'm 5'8" and these were ankle length on me.

On the bright side, I wear a size four of these fit like a glove. I would buy this brand again but not this product, and possibly not from Amazon, but rather a retailer such as REI.These shoes are too small for my granddaughter.  I need to return them for a different pair.First of all not real leather.  Tried to exchange for smaller size.  Received return only label no response for exchange request.  Next day receive an email telling me they made a mistake. Can't return and told me I should wear thicker socks.  (Seriously).

I wrote back asking why the sudden change about return/exchange and was told their inventory moves too fast

Looked them up on Yelp and Shoe Metro had 100s of negative reviews.

Never again!Really bad, actually they posted a cheaper price and for some reason they returned the money And didn't noticed me about this change.Depends on what you're looking for, I thought they were too long and rested uncomfortably under the kneecap. Not what I was expecting.It hurts too much heel and is not nothing comfortableGreat fitting shoes only problem is that the stitching on the top came undone after one run...Dress is too loose. I am a small in all clothes and brands. I ordered a small as always and it feels like a medium size. I don't like the quality of it neither. It is absolutelly not worth to pay that cost.One day after it came in the mail the stone fell out. It was very pretty though,  while it lasted.I bought the size recomended by the website but my heels go right over the end. Disappointing. Ive never managed to get the right size shoe online. Other than that they are very comfortable and look great so i have ordered a bigger size.This is not the item I expected, for the second time!  The material and fit is completely different than the shirt I ordered the first time and this was supposed to be the exact same item #.I purchased this dress for my daughters birthday.  I received it in two.  I was really looking forward to the dress because it looks very beautiful on the model.  I am completely disappointed.  The dress is not full at all. It's thin and see through.  It looks cheap.  I am going to try and return it, not sure how difficult it will be to do so.  Please do not waste your money on this dress.  I will not be doing much shopping online after this awful experience. My daughters birthday is in 7 days and she has nothing to wear.okay book bag just not as durable as i would have liked it to be. It was my schoolbag so i would have at least wanted for it to last the whole year. If you are looking for a long term bag this is not for you.Would be better for very wide, thick feet. The lower strap was too loose and my foot slid out the front. Good size as far as length of foot. I'm a standard size and all shoes in my size fit. The beads were pretty, but they were not true to size.These shoes are far toooooooooooo wide for being labeled as Narrow.I love the style of these sandals but the quality is subpar for the price you pay. Stitching came out of the zipper area within a few weeks of receiving them. Amazon was easy to work with to get an exchange but the second pair had the same problem. Better off picking a different company that has better quality.Gold wore off after a few months i guess you get what you pay for. Still wearing it as it turned silverThis shirt was adorable BUT ran way too small and was see through.so sheer and unsupportive you might as well just go braless. returned.Quality is very poor, large plastic taste. Not real leather shoesis plastic shoes.Bag was empty no earringsThese are the most uncomfortable shoes I have ever worn.  My girlfriend's high heels are clouds compared to this.  I thought they would soften up after a week of wearing them, NOPE just more punishment.  I'm using the last 1% of my phone battery to write this warning- stay away!I consider myself to be slim and curvy  however this coverup  does not really fit how she shows in that picture it's very large in the back in an order for it to be formfitting you need to be a big girl or tie it in the back somehow. You get what you pay forTop was wonderfully roomy, but I had trouble getting the bottoms on!This backpack has a great, vivid, detailed design and cool lights (that are very sensitive, I must add), however, one of the straps started to detach after the 5th day of use.My first return of an Invicta Watch!  I currently own 22 Invictas.  This one stopped working after a day.  I know it's a lower end watch but, it should at least work.  It will be returned.Fit was as expected. Very comfortable shoe! I have 2 other pr of ballet flats that are not comfortable at all.
But; the buckles on the shoes were uneven; noticeably uneven. Hoping it was a fluke bc I ordered a replacement pr; and plan to get a pr in another color. If replacement pr's buckles are good; a 5 star rating is in orderBelt does not hold up. I wore it for 2 months and the buckle snapped off the end. If they had made this a non-reversible belt that did not swivel it would hold up. I'm really not sure why they thought they had to make it reversible anyway, as you can barely tell the difference between the 2 colors anyway.

I would not recommend this product based on my experience with the longevity of the product. I bought the belt because it looked well made, sadly, it isn't.2 stars may not be fair.  This dress was too small.  I sent it back.Overall they look nice out of the box, corduroy is sift and fine. but the Legs are way too long. The waist looks as if it has a string to adjust the waist (since it tighter), but it is s false tie and cannot be used as such, which is unfortunate. As a result we will almost never wear these.Oddly short lengthwise and Im saying that as someone whos barely 5 feet. I cant imagine how short this would look on someone of average height. Definitely not the length pictured or even close to it.I was expecting this to be a smoother, not any sort of real control, but I also expected it to be at least somewhat comfortable, since it wasn't squeezing anything in.  It's not.  The waistband rolls down, and I had to order a size up to even have that level of discomfort.  I wound up wearing a pair of bike shorts under the dress I purchased these for.

The only thing these have going for them are their price.  If you're considering going for them based on that, by all means, but order at least one size up if you have any hips or butt.We bought these sandals a month ago. My daughter loved them, they are really cute and comfortable. However, they started falling apart after the first use, within a week they were no longer wearable as the whole sole pulled off from the bottom. We were both really disappointed since it is hard to find sandals that my daughter can tolerate and they only lasted a couple of days.too small around the toes.Ridiculously small and cheap.Nice casual watch. Wanted something I can just wear and if it gets scratched or messed up, I can just replace. Very easy to read, looks rugged.  I just wish the band was a little bit longer, but that is every watch I buy or own.

Update:  Dropped to 1 star - within a month the battery is dying and the watch is loosing time. shame.Generally love babiators but the last two pairs have been stretched out. May have to consider a new brandThe material feels to thick and stiff.  It does not have the stretchy flexibility of a good cotton T-shirt.no Insta Slim scam chinese fakeVery very. small, does not fit more than a tablet and laptop and maybe a pair of Nikes at most. It's not utilitarian or designed for adventure travel. The only plus is the strap behind the backpack to secure it to your carryon. Wouldn't recommend.The clip is not all shiny silver as in the photos. The decorative part has a gun metal finish. That finish was applied sloppily, and looked tarnished and uneven. It was defective merchandise. If I'd seen it in a store case, I wouldn't have bought it. I gave it one extra star only because the clip itself seemed sturdy...and because I'm nice.I travel Mon-Thu every week and was looking to replace my old and pretty beat up suitcase. I decided to buy this one in spite of the negative reviews around the small lining and I regret it! Here are the pros and cons:

Pros:

1) Fairly high quality material used in construction, zippers are ok and wheels are pretty well constructed.
2) The Magna Trac feature is sweet and it does take very little effort to guide this suitcase through the airport

Cons:

1) The lining is too small. I don't carry a LOT of stuff but this suitcase will only barely hold 1 week of stuff. I sometimes stay over my at my client site and have to use my older suitcase to carry 2 weeks of stuff(still a carry on)
2) The Magna Trac feature is nice, but it does cause this suitcase to roll all by itself, you have to constantly be on watch as a rolling suitcase could be a hazard to other people at the airport

I initially gave it 3 stars, but reduced to 2 as I was unable to return this item. The seller will not take it back, so I am stuck with this. I will try reaching out to Travel Pro to see if they can do something about it. Spend the extra money and go for a B&R.It's definitely not leather. The redeeming factor is it has a lot of pockets and the color is pretty.Look nice but they run very small.I gave these as a gift and I would send them back if I had that option.  The photo shows the original leather string shoe laces...what you get is a cross string held by an elastic band...Sperry must be made in China, now. No leather shoe lacesAbsolute garbage. Didnt keep time, stopped randomly, and the metal part of the wrist strap dug into my wrist after I put it on.Shoe did seem to have a little more padding on the sole, but I needed better support. Went back to 900 series. Not sure I should ding the shoe.Had to return it. The product came scratched and dented. It looked like someone used it for a night of incredible fun then returned it for the next lucky customer. Had it been new it looks like it would've been a nice product.Much too large, no style or flair.  Nice shade pink and cotton towel was adequate if not exceptional.  Was disappointed.Bought it for the publicity, i train martial arts, I used them for walking, some training, not kicking. They are as comfortable as they get, but not for running or every day job. They ripped apart in the 2nd month of use.The size table I used was incorrect. I used the size 40 for leeway and it was still to small.Literally received 2 hours ago. Went for a simple walk in them. Right shoe already ripped open. Absolute trash and not what I would expect.horribly bad. laughable. the material is the opposite of cozy knit fabric. It's the type of sweater that Abstemiousness District 85 might be forced to wear in a sad, anti- comfort, anti-fashion Dystopia.Highly dissapointed. The wallet is not black and green as the picture shows...it is only blackLooking at the dress online is very nice but looking at it in person i really don't like it...I was really disappointed because I don't like the material of this dressThis product had a lot of potential but did not work for me because the hooks do not fit my bras. Now I wear a 36-38B and the hooks don't line up.You pay for what you get.....very cheaply made..extremely thin...do not wash them they shrink up...this is what you get from China
should have known betterNice shoes just poor quality.. one shoe won't light up or charge agter a week. The other is on the fritz changes randomly and leds aren't in sync any longerIt was big than I expect.Its cute from the front, but unless you've got back, it just looks stupid.Whilst the colour in this T-shirt is brilliant and the knit drapes well it is NOT 100% cotton as listed; it is a polyester and cotton blend.  Quite a disappointment from Marc Ecko.Not long enough for my torso, no options given as to length, only S, M, L and XLopened package, 2 buttons immediately fell off.  Sized very SMALL, like 2 sizes too small.  Was not worth the price or the shipping.Jeans did not match the picture. Tag on back was different making me think they were knock offs, and back pockets had these fuzzy stress marks also not pictured.Too small and very thin material.Lovely blouse. I ordered a ladies large and it was the size of a girl's size 10/12. Plus the blouse was not long sleeved as shown by the photo.I returned this purchase. I intended them to be winter wear but they are to thin for that. Maybe summer time pjsI have purchased 3 pairs of 550 jeans over the past 2 months.  On each pair, belt loops have ripped out of the fabric after wearing the pants only a few times.  Why pay a premium for Levis?!!  I won't be buying Levis anymore.  They have lost a lifelong customer...I can't wear it at all...But I lived outside the US so it's impossible for me to change it ...sighJust received the necklace and due to poor quality thread or linkages it has broke, rest is self explanatory. U can decide based on this.The shoes are poorly made the stiching HORRIBLE..
SAFE YOUR MONEYCheap looking. Even on sale not worth price. Will return them.Horribly itchy seams! I would love this bra if the seams where strap attaches to bust weren't so scratchy! Its non-wearable for that reason!it s too large same XXL not XlRuns small. Cheap quality.I bought these capris in my normal size and they were too small so I re-ordered them in the next larger size and they were still too small.  I never vary in size so I was very disappointed in these.  They seemed like nice capris but in white you could definitely see through them.<div id="video-block-R1R25HPP0WZYEQ" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81kGismXmpS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/B14OziktIKS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;These don't actually work.  I bought them to prevent my RFID badge from being cloned but I can read the RFID chip right through the sleeve without any issue.  I can even jam my badge into two sleeves and still read right through it.I purchased these on June 27,2018, absolutely loved them so much and they fit well ... BUT they broke August 5, 2018. I took really great care of them and to have them last only 5 1/2 weeks was unacceptable at best.Their idea of 4xl is about standard 2xl.  Waste of money.The style is Perfect for a formal event or even a night out with the girls. But it can only fit money and your ID. My iPhone couldn't even fit in it. Such a hassle.Pretty ugly skirtThis boots were very destructive looking. When they were shipped there was black marks all over them and a piece of wood missing. The box was all beat up and a used earing was in there.Way to smallShoes were much narrower at the toe than other Born Sandals that I have owned. The front strap traps my baby toe. Otherwise the quality and comfort is great. I have tried to stretch the front strap, but haven't had any luck.Watch out these pants run real small in the waist. Get a size larger than normalThis piece hurts after wearing for a whileI wish these would have lasted more than a couple of months.
I've owned many different sandals over the years but these were the worst, Maybe just defective even. Two months after receiving these I was running at the beach with them and they just warped, badly. I never used them again.

As you can can see the left sandal warped on the heel end and heel top.Too large and thick.Too bigIf I could give this 0 stars, I would.  I hadn't even washed the pants yet, was just trying them on and there was a whole in the seam on the thigh.  Awful quality!!Not flattering at all.  If you are as thin as the model, go for it.  If you are buying it because you want to conceal a little bit of a belly, don't.  It will only make you look bigger.  It's uncomfortable around the underarm area.  I use the strap and it's uncomfortable.The saying, "you get what you pay for" couldn't be any more true when it comes to these shoes. I thought I was saving money when I got a pair of these instead of my previous, more expensive ASICS (Nimbus 11), but, alas, I was wrong.

I started wearing this pair in January 2015 and just a couple of months ago, noticed two holes developing on the top/front of the shoes. The holes have started to get bigger and the shoes seems to be falling apart from regular use. I understand that these shoes are about 60% less than my other ASICS, but I find it unacceptable that those shoes (Nimbus 11s) lasted more than 5 years of regular use while this pair is falling apart with only 8 months of use. I should also had that I used the Nimbus for running and long walks, while these shoes are mainly for work, worn on a carpeted office floor.

I will contact Amazon and ASICS regarding this matter and will update this review as to how the issue is resolved. As it stands now, the quality of these shoes have really turned me off from buying another pair of ASICS. The shoes are comfortable but I just don't want to keep buying a new pair every 6-8 months.Sole separated after 6 months...the purple tread pulled away from the white bottom.I found this item to be cheaply made and appear tacky and cheap as well. I order two different styles and returned both. They don't look nearly as sharp as they do in the picture. They look more like a Kmart product.Cheap, inexpensive materials.  Not a quality product.If you order this make sure you order a size or two up. I ordered a size up and it was still snuggle.  It also ripped. I've bought better sports bra from Walmart for the same price. Save your money.Turn your fingers green hahaThis is a nice looking shoe, but I could not wear it. The area above the toe was overly snug for my high arches. I was hoping the open nature of the shoe would alleviate this common problem of mine, but alas, it did not.  I got an amazon approval to return the item,but a couple weeks later, I still have not seen a refund on my credit card....sucksYou can. save your money on this item. If you but it, you may lose it anyway when it opens and falls out.The picture looked great, but the actual product was not.  When I opened the package and put it on, the clasp came off on one side!  I never even got to wear this!

I expected a better-made product, and wonder how this could have even made it into the marketplace.It was too small. I don't like the material or the quality of this sweatshirt. Not a good buy.Shirt was not as described. Half of the print is barely visible on the shirt. One wash and it's an awkward fit and too tight.These shoes are the most uncomfortable pair that I have ever owned. I will not be buying them again.Very narrow. Super cute shoes but I couldn't even wear them, my feet would hang over the sides. Ended up giving them away.This jacket is very fair in many respects.  It's a touch heavy compared to Primaloft.  Despite being a trim cut its still baggy in some places.  I m keeping it but it's a backup at best.  Usually a big outdoor research fan.  Not this time.  Don't recommend.Feel like the size runs 1 size smaller but item as described.Even though there are strategically placed front pockets, the white shirt is still way too sheer for me. I will return this one.Not true to fit and too light of materialVery disappointed.  The bag frayed.handle is wobbly and wheels don't roll we'll.  would not buy
 AgainNo. They are cheap plastic. I could have spent way less for sonethubg similar at Walmartvery cheap my fiance wore it once and the strap broke where it connects together.The thick sock like inner lining under the surface netting absorbs dust, dirt and bacteria. Just the sole is washable but the lining is not. Instructions are to wipe clean. How can you wipe clean the inner thick fabric?The dress is colorful but the top is a little large, it falls off the sholdersI ordered 5 pair of the Woodlore shoe tree in XL.  My size runs between 11 and 11.5 US medium to slightly wide.  Prior to this purchase I had one pair of shoe trees from Thom Mcann (yep very old).  When I recieved the shoe trees I had five XL boxes but one box contained size L instead of XL.  Before I return them I thought it might be useful to measure each and compare them to the old Thom Mcann ones.  Surprisingly the Thom Mcann size L was larger in all dimensions than the Woodlore XL.

Front portion measurements were:

Thom Mcann L was 3.5 inches wide, 5.5 inches long, and 2.75 tall.
Woodlore XL was 3.25 inches wide, 5.5 inches long, and 1.75 inches tall.
Woodlore L was 3.25 inches wide by 5 inches long, and 1.75 inches tall.

The heel portion of the woodlore brands did not fill the heel area of any of my shoes.I ordered the size I always wear and have a similar pair of Clarks in black in this size.  These are too small to wear comfortably.  I'll be returning them for certain.This pair of shoes has bottle openers on the bottom of the soles. Who walks on dirty public streets where people urinate, then decides to open a bottle with the bottom of their shoe? That's just weird. The metal openers scratched my hardwood floors when my husband tried them on.

As far as fit is concerned, the other models by this company are much more cushioned and comfy. Maybe if he had the chance to properly break them in, they'd feel better, but he said they were "hard feeling."

Returning them, not happy. P.s. Please think twice about putting your mouth on something  that's touched your shoe sole, which has probably walked in public restrooms before. Gross.Did not come with drawer. It only has one. Returned itemWrong colorLove my Sandler but I wear them almost daily and they are already starting to break down where my toes grasp as I walk.There were loose threads everywhere. For the cost, it's not worth it.Top of shaft WAY too big for my legsAlthough the package arrived and was marked "White" as ordered it was much
more "Cream" than white. :(

I was apprehensive about the whole on-line gift purchasing process so we  identified the color and and size at a brick and mortar store. It was disappointing  that Santa's quality control failed to deliver the gift desired.
I will now have to work through an exchange procedure that I am none to happy about.

(If you wanted Cream Converse the size was perfect)I ordered an xl as I take a large usually and even this was way too snug. Gave it to my daughter. Very disappointed.I ordered them one size bigger and they were really tight.I've been wearing this brand/style Jean for many years and they have always been great. Even with my weight fluctuations over the years, the different sizes always fit very well. The fabric they use is a little weak and doesn't last as long as I think Jeans should but I am pretty hard on them and you just can't beat the comfort of them. Highly recommended!

---------------
UPDATE 6/5/12

DO NOT BUY THESE. Levis severely cheaped out on their material. I love the fit of these jeans but they don't last at all. The first pairs I had gotten did very well, lasted about a couple of years. I purchased a new pair expecting the same quality and they lasted a month. A freaking MONTH. So I returned them (Amazon was awesome and handled it for me even though I was just outside my 30 days). The second pair...2 DAYS! Absolute junk. It really angers me ans they fit me well, I love the pockets and color but it's just not worth it. I use these jeans as every day jeans and can't treat them like they are fragile.

I ended up writing a letter to Levis about the problem. They were willing to take them back and give me another pair but get this...these jeans have been discontinued and they couldn't replace them with the same style. Tells me they've had lots of problems with these.

For now, I'll stick to my Dickies. Not as nice as these jeans to wear but they at least last.Broke after two hours of having it out of the box it was shipped in. Very cheaply made.This bag is not the size that I was looking for, today was the very first day I actually used it and guess what? the straps fell apart , it is very very poor in quality and so inferior you cannot put too much thing in the bag cause it will break, I am so dissatisfied with this item I wish I could of gotten a replacement forthwith I really waste my money , I will no longer buy anything from this seller , its very disappointing. I would not recommend this to anyone DONT WASTE TIME AND MONEY.They looked nice and my boys enjoyed them until I put them in the washer, the bottom on both of my boys shoes came off.  I was not expecting that!  I was disappointed.  The shoes still look new a year later because unable to wear them due to the bottoms peeling off.  unhappy customer in Fl.I bought these as I wear somewhere between an 8 and 8.5... these shoes were TOO BIG for my friend who wears a 9! Definitely order a size down. They're also pretty crappy quality and for the price, you can find a better pair out there. They're dull and metal looking, not dazzling and silver. Will be returning.I thought this was a nice bra initially. It got the job done and was very comfortable. Unfortunately, after one wash one of the wires came out and it had to be trashed.I wish that I had read the reviews before buying. It was supposed to be a cowboy hat and boots with matching stars for my son. What I got was a floppy girly sun hat and booties with brown flowers on them. The hat hangs down like a floppy sun hat, and the stars are not sewn right they look like flowers. (Edit) I was able to remove the stars and get the hat to shape a bit. Still not like the photo, but I ended up keeping the outfit.Wish it didn't have the Rhinestones.. returning itI wanted to wash the costume before putting my grandson in it. I washed it and the foot of the bear unraveled...he never got to wear it. Not well made. Very disappointed.European size, smaller than expectedFabric is nota good quality!!I loved it when I received it but within a week, 2 beads came loose.  The material that held the beads was rough and snagged a good blouse.  I'm returning it.Hurt !!!  Thought they would be like Clarks- but nope!I had high hopes but they were crushed,the bottom eyelets broke out of the leather within 2 weeks. OK no big deal but 3 months in and the waterproofing is shot every time the leather gets wet so do my feet.im going back to RedwingDid not fit, order at least 1 size more size toe is really smallMy first pair of full grain leather timberlands lasted about 2 years of almost constant wear. I thought they were rugged and comfortable. Boy, has that changed in the 5 years since I got rid of them. these new boots do not last. The sole of these shoes separated form the upper within a couple months. These are not sturdy at all. for the price, buy some Chippewa boots and live happily knowing you're wearing quality.Size 9 were quite snug.  It seemed they might possible fit if I allowed them time to stretch and break in. One of the boots jabbed my inner leg at the leather and suede seam. The arch of that boot also clicked with each step. I concluded this pair was defective. I sadly returned the boots. I love the looks of these boots The reviews convinced me the Ariat boot is a good purchase. I decided to order a second pair, this time size nine and a half. This pair was loose enough to have my heel slip while walking.  I felt I needed to comprare both sizes side by side.  After much consideration I ordered size nine again! This second pair of size nine boots were extremely tight. I decided to keep the nine and a half boots knowing I can wear thicker socks. Today I attempted to return the pristine  size nine boots. Apparently I have exceeded the 30 day return period by 8 days. I have unsuccessfully attempted to reach a speaking human being for any assistance. This has been a very disheartening experience. I would not encourage a purchase of these boots.I ordered a size 24 months, but received a size 18 months, therefore it was too small. contacted customer service about the issue, but unfortunately i couldn't receive the correct size because it was out of stock. Wish i had known beforehand, then i could have gotten the correct size elsewhere. Nice jacket though, just not the size i ordered. I had to purchase something else locally for my grandson's Christmas present!I purchased this shoe for my husband as this is a standard shoe for him.  This particular shoe is much stiffer than others. Not sure why this is the case.  .Too bigNot a comfortable shoe at all and the sole started coming off the third day after I received them smh, I'd suggest not buying these but if you do PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU BUY VERY COMFORTABLE INSOLES FOR THEMThe fit was great but they came in light a dark blue. I thought they would be more on the black size.Terrible shoe!  You definitely get what you pay for in these shoes.Quality is only ok...after wearing for a while, elastic in the leg openings does not hold up...loose fitting...not good for briefs.Worn these just a few times, kept them in the box, and the vinyl is peeling off around the ankles, up the back seam, just cracking and peeling all over.Completely different from the photo not sure happen either wrong photo on website or wrong product?Smaller than expected and looks plastic.  Was not happy.  I gave the bag away.  Totally cute for my niece in high school though.Cheap quality, did not wear past a few washes.Empty case. No lenses. Still want the item.Fairly large for a US small. Sleeves are very long.I did not expect this jacket to have a colorful purple and blue paisley lining! It had a very strong chemical smell that filled the room. It also has built-in shoulder pads. The fit would be good for a woman with broad shoulders, a large bust, and very narrow waist.A small 7.5. Hard to put on and very stiff.I bought size 3-5 for my nephew who is 21 months old, but fit is kind of too small, especially the ankle area is way too tight. he has no way to wear them at all.I don't think this is a legitimate Alex and Ani product.  I had this on my wish list and my son purchased for me as a gift.  I only work it twice and the charm cracked and now there is a bubble in it. It's definitely not the same quality as my other bracelets from A&A.  This is so upsetting, my son works hard and should not be taken advantage of.Ring size not true and ring is so small you can hardly see it. I sent it back.I purchased this bracelet for my husband for Valentines day this year. He loved it. He wore it everyday, 5 days a week to work and on the weekends only if we were going out. He never wore it to bed, or showered with it on. He took very great care of it by cleaning it every night and storing it in the box it came in every night. While we were at Walmart this weekend one of the links cracked and broke. He hadn't hit it on anything that day to make it crack. I'm very upset that I purchased a bracelet that my husband loved to just have crack and break only 4 months after purchase. I will never purchase another piece of jewelry from the company that made it nor any piece of jewelry made of tungsten and ceramic again. My husband was so upset and now I am heart broken and feel like I purchased a piece of junk to show him how much I love him.Honestly, I was disappointed in the product considering the price; I expected something thicker and more substantial.  It is a lovely design, however, I don't expect it to hold up based on how thin it is --- hopefully I will be proven wrong.  I will either edit this or submit a new review a few months from now once the product has been used.  We'll see....I ordered and watch didn't work.  Contacted seller they mailed out another one.  It didn't work.  I contacted the seller again, they mailed me batteries for the watch, and the battery did not fit the watch.  I went out and bought batteries to fit and watch still did not work.  Cute watch, hate that it did not work:(My nike shoes running!! It was not handed it by me! It was handed by someone mistakeI am a 7 in almost all shoes. These not only run small but they are narrow. I am so bummed out because Ive dreamed of having these, so I bough the next size, but the shoe is STILL too narrow. My feet are a bit wide from the top because I have stubby toes, the shape of this shoe does not make sense for my feet. Sorry, but if you have wide feet or stubby toes, these are not for you.I hate these shoes. Always ripping within a few days of buying them. This is my second pair and now I guess I'm stuck with them because of the return policy. Whatever. I won't go there again for boots.since the regular size was one size fits all I assumed that meant size small so I ordered a 'plus size' version as well...they arrived today and I compared them to the regular size and they are exactly the same! I am very disappointed that they are misrepresenting their sizing so badly.I did not realize that the sole is just like the sole of a platform flip-flop! I hope it stands up to the winter, if not i will have to purchase a different pair!About $5 to much for the frame QualityThis dress is ridiculous..... I am a size small and this fits like a medium ... plus the quality is very very cheap with threads and sequins loose ... I won't recommend this dress to my worst enemy..... real poor quality and it's looks nothing like the modelIt was pretty.... I gave to my daughter in law. The chain broke in the first half hr of wearing it. Very disappointingFits one to two sizes smallerPretty design but very see through. Not what I expected.Shoes fit my foot, But the smell simply too strong.Doesn't look like photo, blue can't be seen unless under bright light. Sent back and order black and silver and the silver with blue. Loved both if those.These are not 501s. They are poorly constructed, run very small, and ride lower in the back than in the front which makes it feel like they are falling off. The cuffs on the leg openings look like they belong on your mother's pants. The red tag on the back pocket does not say Levi's. I should have listened to the other reviewers on Amazon but figured they were crazy. I mean, how could anyone ever go wrong buying a pair of 501s? Run from these pseudo 501s.Review of Haggar Men's Work To Weekend Flat Front Twill Pants

Like others have noted, the hemline on these pants frays after a few washes, making them worthless. How could this company continue to sell these? Do they not test their own product? Is it planned obsolescence?(After 3 washes???) Or is it a typical company with everyone overwhelmed, and no one willing to make the effort? They got 30 of my hard-earned dollars for this pair of junk and will not get more until they improve the product.

It is not so hard. They would have the average American middle-aged male as customer for life if they just paid attention.

1)Use a more durable fabric. I have Walmart-brand George twill pants that are six years old that I wear twice (and wash once) a week, and they still look pretty good.

2)Use a riveted top "button". Like on denim jeans. I replace all the top buttons on my work pants with these(which I buy at a fabric store)

3)Cut the pants so they fit at a mans natural waist(under the gut)and don't look like they're falling down from the rear(we're not teenagers).This Haggar pant is designed OK in this respect.

4)Keep the secret "expandable" waist. I am in and out of a car all day long, and this keeps them from "digging in" at the waist and helps reduce stress... really. This kind is much more comfortable than the "stretchable" waist design that this and other companies feature.

5)Add a zippable side pocket for a phone. Hidden or not, it's needed.

6)Feature a range of colors. More than tan and black, anyway.

7)Sell them for $20. Their is a recession, people are watching their money. Walmart George brand pants used to cost $18.

8)Get rid of the creased pantline. That is for dress slacks. These are more casual. Also no cuff. Pleats have been out of style so long that they will probably be in style soon, but for now, no.

9)The cool fabric type looks promising, especially for summer, but I can't trust this brand after seeing these on the market for at least two years. You suck.

10)Shorts with the above features would get my money, alsowrong SizeI took this bag on vacation and it worked pretty good. However, I bought the purse in August and the lining is already ripped by the zipper.Terrible product! DO NOT BUY!!! Used them once and killed my feet, got scratched and no body liked them!The material is not as thick as expected, actually is very thin and you don't feel much support in the area. I would not buy it again. The style though is very convenient and practical.The zipper broke the first time my son put it on! I spent 30 mins fixing it so he could wear it to a Halloween party. Then, when he put it on again on Halloween, it broke again! Looks great, but definitely not made well. Not worth the money spent.Maybe it's my own fault, but I expected a lot more :(I will send it back , I,M JUST waiting for one more thing,it dosent fit,I don't have anything to say but it sucks and it donsent fit so I,m sending it backIt does not work at all. I was probably expecting too much though.The coat is more of a blazer. When I purchased it, it was on sale for about $15. I cant imagine paying regular price. I ordered a larger size for my daughter for next year and when it came it looked half the size I was expecting. The sleeves come to your elbow. I sent it back.Broke within the first day of use.
Do not recoommend.The quality of these shoes was disappointing. They do not have the comfort, fit, nor the usual quality workmanship I am used to getting with Skechers. I would not recommend these shoes.Will be returningThis seller is a scam.....FOR SURE.... It only has a super tiny picture of the Death Cheetah logo on the front, which honestly looks like they just ironed it on.....And it smeared. Nothing else, that's it. SO FREAKING MAD!!!!!!They didn't last 3 days and I only had worn them a couple of times. The nose peice broke.The strap ripped after the first use. Not very good quality material.  Disappointed.The necklace wasn't as great as I thought it would be. The cord wasn't strong and it began rusting in the first week. I won't buy again.The trousers as such are good looking but the size chart is not appropriate AT all. I've ordered an XXL, chart says it's a 38, which it is not at all. The trousers are not only to small but also horribly short. The infos should be adjusted urgently as it's absolutely misleading.1.came with the zipper broke!
2. Looks like it was warn and dirty
3. Hard to iron but thats the material
4. You would need a slip
I bought this to elope in Vegas and was upset the zipper was totally broken, lucky I knew how to remedy that issue as I had no time for another dress.The product might be good but I ordered a pant size W30*L38and received a pant W38*L30!!! It was a gift for my son... very disapointedThe right shoe does not fit properly because the heal is not high enough, I have 4 pairs of Sanuk and this is the first pair that does not feel good,
I am sorry I bought these, I hope I can return themTerrible, cheap toy, don't waste your moneyVery thick material..Not suitable for the Texas heat.Order came in like 5 sizes too small. It looks fine but they need to post American sizes. My XL was like a kids medium. Cmon! Get it together!!!!!!! I couldn't even get 1 arm in smhI orders thus for my wedding and she I recieved it its broken. Super disopointed.not as expectedHave worn HiTec boots for yrs and have always found them comfortable right out of the box  but alas the times they are achang'n  plan to return my usual selection of this brand primarily because the boot tongue has been trimmed so short  that the laces ride up on the ankle  not funHad high hopes for these.  Did not work at all.  Just gave everything a hint of yellow color.Had an awful potent smell on it, like it was sprayed with perfume and bagged.Do not like the material.  It is not dry fit.  It discolored when wetwayyyyyyy toooo small, like a half shirt and I couldn't wait to get it, I was super bummedReturned this pair because it was to narrow and would not fit.  If you have to buy these shoes get 1/2 to 1 size bigger and wider.These boots were purchased a very short time ago and already the back heel is pulling away from the boot itself.  These are the fastest wear showing boots that I have every purchased.  I would not recommend these to anyone unless you want to purchase another pair to replace them almost right away.
Very disappointedNot what I expected! The band isn't properly made.Did not fit even though same size as other converse previously purchased for same personVery uncomfortable. Small for my breasts, too big  for my waist. The fabric is very  rough. Very bad!! No fit as expected :(They are not made near as well the previous ones . It seems that material is a lower grade and the fleece inside was cut crooked.Cheaply made. They feel like plastic on your feet.I'm in the process of returning these boots. I'll explain why. Let me just begin by saying they're a BEAUTIFUL design. They're so convenient with the zipper on the side! They're tall but the platform makes them literally 3" heels. I truly WANTED to keep these shoes. I TRIED with all my heart to love them. I failed miserably.

I gave two stars literally ONLY because of how cute they were and because of the zipper on the side. However, these shoes are about as comfortably as walking on bricks all day!!!!!! Majority of the comments stated they were comfortable but you begin to notice the hardness after a while or you can't wear them ALL day. I want shoes that I can wear ALL day or at least all night, not just 2 hours. I mean you never know what can happen when you go out to have fun. Who wants to time themselves simply because of how long they last in their shoes???? NO ONE. I don't know. Maybe it's just me having sensitive feet, but I just couldn't keep them. They'd never get worn. I paid about 40 bucks for these, NOT WORTH IT. The inside has NO padding, WHATSOEVER. I swear it feels like you're walking on an inclined concrete ground (on your tippy toes!) So uncomfortable. I had to put TWO pairs of ankle socks on each foot just to feel a SLIGHT relief. Even then, I still couldn't last long in these shoes. I'm like "it's not worth it" believe me.

High heels with NO PADDING for comfort? They shouldn't be manufactured. -_- I mean everyone knows heels are the shoes most people have problems with. Hell, even my flat mary janes have more padding than those. These literally have NONE. The bottoms are ROCK HARD. They are big too! I got them in white. They literally look like roller skates on my feet!! If you don't like having big heels, don't buy these.

Oh and about the sizing? I'm a wide foot. I always order a size 8 on heels that specify they're a Medium fit because of that reason. These shoes were way too big on my bare feet for comfort!! I felt like I would surely step out of them! That is usually my size for wide feet but the length was just TOO much and the width was EVEN WIDER!! The double socks on my feet made the fit better but they were still too long for comfort. Anyway, they run way too big. But I know how to make my shoes smaller if I need to so that's not my main problem. My main problem was with the rock hard bottom they expected you to walk / stand on all day!! -_- How much more common sense do you need to know that for heels as big as these, you should have some sort of padding placed for the in-step? You'll for surely collapse your ankles and blister your toes in these shoes. They aren't worth it!!

Other than that, the bottoms are GREAT as far as grip goes. They aren't slippery shoes. They also have a convenient zipper. They're cute but they're just TOO DAMN BIG. I swear they look like roller skates on my feet. They're too uncomfortable. I don't last 2 hours in those.

I swear I wanted to love them so bad... :-(Fit small and does not seem to have the premium build that I hoped for.This suit is  ridiculously small. I knew it would run very small but this was waaaaay worse than I imagined. I normally wear a small or medium so I ordered the xl. I'm 5'0 and the suit barely fit my torso. I'm fairly certain this is just an adult looking suit for a 6 year old child. Other than the fit, the suit itself is made well and is adorable.didnt know there was a split on the side. Had i seen that i woud not have order it.It is too small.Terrible holes in it. And the neck was way to big... The thumbs were in the wrong spot. I do not recommend this brand at all.. I ordered another brand and it was amazing.The quality isn't bad for a inexpensive shoe but I returned it immediately because it looks like a knock off of a converse shoe. What they don't show you in the pictures is the huge branding on the back of the shoe. I would rather pay $10 more and buy real vs knock off.This jacket is ok. Not wild about the color.
Just went through the East Coast blizzard with it.
It was warm enough. I found it difficult to maneuver in, i.e. shovel and snow went right down my collar.Material is not good.. looks very cheap not worth it.The sarong I received was not the one pictured.The threats in the back of the dress came undone while I was in a public place. Not cool. Had to pin it for the rest of the afternoon.Could not get the lock to set.  Very aggravating.  Spent a lot of time on it for nothing.  I do not recommend this productWorst purchase ever. They don't look like the picture at all/ Looks so cheap with disgusting smell. Zips inside the handbag are so cheap and low quality.very largeCute blouse didn't work out well for what I wanted. I ordered an XL which fit great except for the back.  it drooped below a bra line and I had on a strapless bra.  I don't like wearing things I have fidget with and this was going to be one of those tops because I'd be conscious of my bra showing.  Ordering a smaller size to would have made it tighter around the stomach.  Had to send it back.Not what I expected... It does not look like the picture at all. My husband thought I bought a onesie for a pajama the material looks very different in the picture also it is very small in the bust and stomach area and maybe should have gone a size up will not order anything like this again very disappointingI ended up returning them, the felt narrow and small plus they looked less attractive on my leg once I tried them on.shrank after washI bought 6 pairs of these socks that werenot cheap! Unfortunately 2 of the pairs had large holes in the toe. I was unable to return them because I no longer had the invoice and had them for awhile.  If you buy these check them for holes when they arrive.It is very absord that I have to wind it everyday. The purported kinematic winder is not functioning.

As per the astetic look I will give it five stars but functionality am going to score this beautiful watch a two star.has very good material but the sizes come very largeThis product was not even close in size!  I ordered a 3X which was actually like a size 10!  I even had a girlfriend try it on and she's a size 12 and she couldn't even button it!  Very disappoint in the product.  Will never waste my time ordering clothes again.I was very disappointed with the fit of this dress.  I have other Vince Camuto dresses in the same size from Dept Stores and they fit beautifully.  This seems to be a second cut. I cannot wear it, so I will donate it.  I will not be buying  on line again any of these dresses.
In addition the embellished decorations are falling off.I bought this gorgeous septum ring  and unfortunately the black paint started to come off. It got all over my nose and face. The quality was very cheap!I loved the style and color, but the 39 was too small and the 40 was way too large. I'm wondering if the shoes were sized correctly.size 4 is too small. might fit a three year old for couple months unless the boy is tiny for his age. Even size 5/6 is quite small. Style and cloth material is good. but considering washers and dryers here, everything gets shrinked. not sure 5/6 will be 3 soon.Frumpy and cheap....fits more like a pajama.  I threw away the "bib with a tie" (not a real shirt) as it was basically just trash ("tie" was wrinkled beyond ironing). No pockets so had to leave my wallet and cell phone in the car while at the party....if you need to look good for your office party, keep scrolling.They're great fashion glasses if you don't want them to be functional. The glasses have no curve to them so if you wear them to drive in the early morning or later on at  night, the sun can still get in on the side. I guess I shouldn't expect much for the price.This was way too small - in the waist AND too large - in length.  I expect some variation among manufacturers but this wasn't even close.  And they don't stretch.First and foremost I have never ordered a sports coat from anyone before that shipped it balled up like a beach towel in a bag!!!  Frankly I was oh so close to returning it as I know how to incur the cost to have it pressed.  This is a cashmere jacket and the vendor folds it up and puts it in an bag that was 11 inches by 18 inches.  You can only imagine the amount of creases and wrinkles!  So disappointing.Too small though the style is niceIts boxy, shiny and not cute in person.Smallest xl I've ever seen. More like a medium. Very disappointedvery cheepRipped quite easily. Fit well dispite rippingQuality seems good but can't wear it, very small. I even ordered big.It's orange where there is to be ivory/white.  Horrible!  Was to be a teacher gift but can't expect anyone to wear an orange, red and blue pin.  Back it goes.It was broken!!!Really poor quality. The color came undone after a week of use.Annoying.These boots are beautiful and comfortable, but the leather tore on the top of the shoe the second day my daughter wore them... so I wasted my money.I bought this shoe on March 18,how come it's not in my records?The color was a wash out black.These are A LOT smaller then I thought they would be. Theyare only 12 inches tall if you count the handle, I would say they will hold one average sized paperback book. The fadric in nice, and I am going to keep them for other things, but they are not big enough for what I originally needed them for, which was to hold a t-shirt and a water bottle.Not really a huge fan of this shirt.  As other reviewers have said, the actual shirt is much darker than the one advertised in the picture here.  I thought it would be a funny shirt to have, but honestly the eagle blends in with the shirt too much and does not "pop" nearly as much as it does in the advertised picture.

The sizing is a bit off and runs way too long on me as a 5'10 male who ordered a medium.  This shirt goes down past my butt and almost makes it look like I'm wearing a dress.  The shirt is just way too long, I have no idea why they would make these shirts this long.

As far as my overall opinion goes, after a few washes it looks like an old, ragged T-shirt my grandparents handed down to me.  The shirt is a good idea, but I feel that the quality could be improved to match how it looks in the advertised picture.too smallthere are great until you wash them and then they keep fraying.  I'm yanking out elastic strings consistently.  Don't recommend this productVery narrowFell off of my baby while she was sleeping. the post is VERY sharp and I would have been terrified if it would have stabbed her.My foot is a size 7.5. Period. From heels, to sandals, and every shoe in between, I am a 7.5. And, to note, I've never had to buy a Wide shoe. I was so excited to get this shoe...especially after buying them during a Cyber Monday sale. They were delivered and I immediately opened them and TRIED to try them on. I couldn't even get my toe box into the toe of the shoe; as if the metatarsal area - and yes, I had to Google that - were simply too big for the shoe! (No, my feet aren't swollen!) I am so disappointed because I just KNEW these were the shoes I could wear for my at-home workouts. I can't tell you how they feel during a workout, or if they rub my foot the wrong way...because I couldn't even get them on! Felt like I was trying to wear the shoes of my 9 y/o!OUCH!! the opening isn't wide enough, too stiff, doesn't look right when worn.Product came in smelling strongly of petroleum. Had to air them in the outdoors for a couple of weeks before I could wear them.Way thinner than expectedIt is not abundantly clear, before purchasing, just how large this product is. It cannot be worn in a normal setting. This is costume jewelry, people.One of the laces poped off the plastic and I lost itA little too long, it's like they're making their clothes for teenage basketball players, rather then someone who just wants a comfortable workout shirt. Other then that it's a nice shirt.did not fit and did not like it at all!!!After hearing about how great purse hooks were for awhile, I bit the bullet and ordered like 15 of them off Amazon to distribute to my friends and family for the holidays.  For my friends, it was more cost-efficient to order the 5 or 10-pack assortments that Amazon carries and let them choose their own favorite design/color.  However, as a treat to myself for being such a good friend, I bought the Black Swirl Purse Hanger that was decidedly more expensive per unit because I liked the pattern and wanted a "nicer" one for myself.

This item was my favorite thing ever for a month or two.  And then, one day I pulled it out of my purse only to notice that the underside of the purse hook (the part that rests on the tabletop) had fallen off, nowhere to be found.  With the missing part, the purse hook wouldn't even stay on a table without sliding off, nevertheless with a purse hanging on the end.

To add insult to injury, my friends that I gifted the "cheaper" purse hooks to had zero problems with theirs. One friend to this day (1.5 years later) still whips hers out every chance she gets and waves it around in my face tauntingly (at lease this is my interpretation) before hanging her purse on it.  My purse, meanwhile, has to sit on the floor.Well made with good features.  My only complaint is that the date doesn't appear on the face--only the day of the week.

Update: the watch died in little over a year.  Forget "sturdy".I really thought after 4 or 5 wears I'd break these in but they still are painful. The top strap has rubbed and given me the worst blisters on the top of toes. Really upset I paid decent money and can't make them work..These are NOT  blue despite what the label says :(This might be a good shoe, but the sizing is so far off that we may never know. Hate the disappointment of a gift that doesn't fit and the hassle of returning things, thus they are still in the box in the closet....The watch came set to California time, and with no instructions for resetting.  The link to instructions on the Web did not yield any useful information, Therefore the watch was useless to me.Put it on my actual tags. Fits the chain perfect!uncomfortable.too small.feel like lower productthese tarnished within days.  Bought two different times, did it both times.  Wouldn't buy.These boots run small.  There was a lump under the toe area.  The laces are difficult to use.  They appear to be made so they don't slide but it makes them really hard to pull through to tighten.They are a nice looking shoe.  These shoes provide little to no support.  If you are on your feet more than 4 hours, these shoes are not for you. My feet were sore after 30 minutes.Very good leather but quite uncomfortableThis is nothing like described...small cheap plastic toyNine West had a style called "Rocha" that looked exactly like this shoe.  I have that style in several colors and even 2 pairs in some colors.  They are a classic style that go with everything.  When NW quit making the Rocha, I assumed this style, the Beautie, would seamlessly take it's place.  That was not the case!  This shoe runs a half to full size smaller, is cut differently and not nearly as comfortable and the toe area is cut lower which exposes the top of my toes and is not very attractive.  I have purchased this style in a half size larger after returning these which are OK, but NW totally blew it on this shoe.  I will not purchase any more and am very disappointed.Like the top but it stretched out with one hand wash and the straps stretched out and my bra hangs out and it gaps on the sidesVery tinyBall fell off within first few uses. Very disappointed in this purchase after reading positive reviews and choosing it over more expensive name brands.Very stifd and uncomfortable.Didn't last long - the spring and clip broke off with minimal usage.The necklace was beautiful when it arrived, and my girlfriend loved it. However, the clasp separated from the string within two days of purchase. While the pearls are nice, shoddy workmanship has made this necklace currently unwearable.

Could this have been a perfect gift? Yes. But it's not. If you're going to buy a pearl necklace, make sure that it's made right.Okay--for $35 I wasn't expecting great quality, but the dress had a hole right in the center medallion on the bodice.  Poor stitching and wonky seams I could have lived with, but the hole isn't even something I could fix.  Disappointing, as the dress was really pretty and fit nicely.This so was not what I thought it would be.  It looks nice but the music plays all the time.  The lid doesn't fit the way I thought it would.Broke the first week.I ordered these two sizes bigger than what my son normally wears and they were too small.Size was not what was expected...Way to large for 32-30.  Will be returning.I'm surprised by some of the statements in other reviews.  They simply don't seem to be true.  Overall these shoes are just "ok".  For the price they are fine, but they are not really great.  The tongue in them is somewhat uncomfortable with harsh ridges around the stitching.  The size is awkward.  Heel to toe size is close to as expected, but then I had to tighten the laces significantly to get them to stay on my feet.  And I have a slightly wider than average foot (this is my experience with Size 12, perhaps other sizes are different).

The quality of them is not amazing either.  The stitching just looks poorly done, and I would not be surprised if it starts unraveling within a couple of uses.

My biggest gripe however is how fast they dry out.  These are supposed to be water shoes, and some reviews even say they dry quickly.  Maybe if you just splash some water on them that might be true?  If you actually walk in water with these shoes, don't plan on them drying out for hours.  I primarily bought these to use in a kayak and prevent sunburn on my feet.  Today was the first day I wore these shoes.  When I got in the kayak the shoes stayed noticeably wet on my feet for 2 or 3 hours.  This was in the sunlight.  When I was leaving and got out of the kayak in the water, I took the shoes back off at my truck and brought them inside when I got home.  That was 5 hours ago and they are still pretty soggy.  I honestly don't think they dry any quicker than regular tennis shoes.

EDIT:
It's now been over 30 hours since they were last in the water, sitting in a bathtub.  They are still completely drenched.  Squeeze the side and water squishes out.  This is unacceptable for a water shoe really.  I've lowered my rating due to it and will be seeking an alternative pair of water shoes that actually dry out as they should.The watch was working when we received it; however, when we gave it to our granddaughter as a gift 5 weeks later it was not running.  If the problem is the battery, Timex needs to put longer lasting batteries in their products when they are sent or include a replacement. If it's not the battery, it's too late to return.  I am not impressed and would not purchase another of these watches.Not a quality product, don't waste your money.I like how like it is but I hate the fit. It was so tight in my feet I was losing circulation. I wish I can return it. But I already worn it I don't think they will take it back. The straps was so hard. I would like to try the other pair without the straps it's a little pricier but it might fit better. My shoes is now just sitting there. I am very disappointed.Very cheaply made.  My  five year old grandson will use it for a vacation this coming July.  I hope it holds up.This bra is dangerous, the under wire broke and cut my breast up pretty.Too small.  9.5 fit like an 8Costume is adorable but when we received it thwre was a hole in the butt.Not what I was expectingThe original company no longer carries these shoes, so they came from another supplier.  I can't wear the ones they shipped me because there is someone wrong with them on the inside.  I believe they are selling cast-off "faulty" shoes that the original company had left over.  No, I never pursued returning them which is my own fault.  Busy time of the year for me and I never got around to it.  Very expensive shoes to take a chance on.  Sorry I did.I bought these shoes for my granddaughter for school.  In just two weeks, they were coming apart.  Most of her shoes have been Keds and never had any complaints.  Actually, I got her the Keds Charlotte last year and they were like new until she grew out of them.  Spoke to an Amazon representative and we both agreed it was probably just a manufacturer defect on this pair.  Amazon was great in handling the situation by sending me a new pair.  They sent me a free shipping label to return the ones that were coming apart.  I returned them when I received the new ones.  I was extremely satisfied with their Customer Service.So disappointed. Once again Amazon sellers say it's 100% cotton and it is NOT! The label clearly says 50% cotton 50% polyester blend. I'm allergic to polyester so I can't wear it. I'll be giving it away. I did see that it say that certain color is poly blend but did NOT say the pink color!!! Seller please change your description to include the pink in the poly blends. Other than that the printing is clear and looks like it's the sort that will last and the shirt looks well made with good hems.Did not receive the shirt instead I received a pair of glasses.I got these as lounge pants, not as actual workwear.  They are very itchy polyester material, but would be great for anyone wearing scrubs to work.  They seem pretty resilient.very pretty but its very cheap. emphasis on cheap and i don't mean price. not worth the money. maybe worth $10. just maybeWHY PUT CRAP ON THE ASS. IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE A TOTAL BLACKOUT SUIT. SMHI wore it only once n the heels beginning to come apartWay too small.  I always buy a 9 and Nike is usually consistent with their sizes.This is a cute outfit.  However, the pants had a round hole in the body the size of a paper punch.  I'ts too much of a hassle to return things, so I'll just try to repair myself.  Wish quality was better or it was easier to return items.CONS: Extremely thin on top. Tracks can be seen EVERYWHERE, all over the top of wig.
PROS: Color and style exactly as in photo

I work with wigs professionally. For this reason, I buy a lot of wigs and have bought a number of wigs I considered to be thin. This redefined my standards! It is too thin. You can see the tracks in MULTIPLE places, which would be fine if the listing showed that or if the photos demonstrated the thinness. But, they don't. The wig is super thick at the BOTTOMS, but the top of the wig has tracks everywhere visible no matter how much I tried to cover it.

 The color is beautiful and the style is exactly as in the photograph. It is also not shiny at all; very quality synthetic fibre, definitely higher end fibre for a cosplay wig, but just SO thin. It ruined the wig. I am returning it since it's just too thin to be believable.Not fit wellI have worn and loved Clarks clogs and sandals for years.  This pair was overly long--there was about a 1" space between my toes and the end of the shoe.  So... they went back.  No problem with refund--it came almost instantly.Biggest size possible! Fits like a children's boot. HorribleSomewhat largeThis thing is HUGE and wouldn't even look right on Andre the Giant!Too small and feathers immediately started falling out after taking out of the package.actually the pendant is pretty  but the chain was in knots when I got it and was extremely small. very thin chain.They look amazing they look even better on but getting them on and off sucks. The post that goes in your ear ended up getting so bent because it's hard to get these in that in about a weeks time they were unusable.don't waste your time.  These are difficult to open and shut.  They are very flimsy and NOT worth the money.  I should have just gone to Target!!!!the size was right, but the medium width was too narrow.  The were super cute thoughSizing is off.Glasses broke the first time they were tried on... Very cheap products!Ok. Collects a lot of lint after you wash it multiple times. Even after washing, I feel like clients think I'm dirty. (I've purchased things to reduce the lint, but no escaping the cheaping material). Would not buy this again.not for Western, over 5ft tall menGreat for 5 days only! Broke after. Quality is poor. Broke in less than two weeks.The brown shirt is way darker than what the picture shows. You can hardly read the text.doesn't fit as other champion pieces do, waistband unraveled almost immediately, returningThey are not at comfortable as they look. They appear to have a substantial sole when in fact it's very thin and flexible with no arch support. I re-sold them.Nothing like the picture. More like a crop top and definitely thin.Piece of crap, really cheap aluminum, low quality product. They over hype the "luxurious" look when its just a rip off. There are far better options out there for the money.

The thing won't even close adequately, absolutely returning it... That was just a lost of shipping money.The number on the front of these boots corresponds to the number of fallen FDNY firefighters and paramedics in the 9/11 attacks of the World Trade Center. This product is disgusting. Have we already forgotten?The crystals in this are basically flecks, it has no weight to it, it's paper thin. not even worth the discounted price much less the full price, maybe $19.99. you're paying for sworovski crystals, but they are miniscule dust. Not even a legitimate amount of silver to justify the high price. I bought this as a gift and don't have time to find another palm tree necklace, so I have to keep it, otherwise it would be going back.cheaply made and they do not slide as well as they claimed.Updated: I loved these at first but then after like a week or two of wear, the underwire poked out and they started falling apart. Terrible quality!Shoes are cute but they run narrow.  I had to send them back.They do not feel okay when you walk in them. They slid around. I like bear paws just not these particular boots. They do look cute but are just not comfortablenot a true fitIt is what it is.  Buy a cheap watch... get a cheap watch.  Watch itself works fine.  Band clasp broke within days.  Actually would have kept it had it been easy to dislodge the band, and replaced it with my own.... but no seems too difficult to get to band pins without damaging watch, Returned for refund.Very poor material. Very rough and itchy. It is so flimsy that it looks like it will be torn within a week.Zipper head came off. Only wore a couple of times The 8mm ball stud is way too big, looks like giant turd or tumor hanging off of my ear lobe.Poor qualityNice and big to fit my fat head but the brim on this hat has a mind of its own. Looks goofy and stupid, It in no way is flat and formed as shown in one of the product photos.Hate them, run large.These boots are awful. They do not look like the picture at all. They feel and look extremely fake. Since the zipper goes all the way up they look extremely bad. I brought them since they had such a high rating and had to return them. Which meant paying more money in shipping. Do NOT buy them, they are not worth the hassle.Bought this bag come in the mail doesn't look like the bag in the picture it's very cheap material don't not byeI am unable to put the whhels into the shoes because the axels are too big. I also can t find any information on how to contact to company to find out how to get anotehr set of wheels that will fit.The top fit ok but the bottom was small and the overlay didn't lay as flat as I would have liked.  In the end, it was a cheap suit that I returned.Horrible!!! Wayyyy toooo small!!!! I had to give it to my 10 yr old daughter. U cant put womens if its really childrens sizes!! Very very disappointed and a waste of money for myself atleast!!! Never ordering from these people again.Shirt was labeled M like I ordered but was huge, maybe a XL or 2XL. Hope they fix the problem cause I would like to have some of these shirts.Super cute, but run 2-3 sizes small!Missing buttons from sleeve had to sew new buttons onI bought these to wear under skirts for a little extra comfort because I am plus size (2x). For that they are...just ok. I'm going to keep them. But the fit is pretty horrendous. Definitely not designed by anyone who knows anything about designing for plus sizes. Somebody just took a s/m/l and enlarged it. It doesn't fit over the butt or belly well at all. I see that they call these "shorts." I would not under any circumstances  even think of wearing these as anything other than a pair of underwear and they are barely adequate as that.Save your money and buy either Justin, Ariat, Dan Post. Poor quality for the same cost of the others.These sandals were not soft on the inside and rubbed a blister on both ankles. I have returned them.If this shirt want so short waisted,  I would give it 5 stars.  The material is nice.Definitely not shopping bag size (Unless you shop for only one or two things.  Maybe toddler book bag size.  I think they will make interesting gift bags as long as I spruce them up with fabric markersBroke after 12 months. Bought a new one. Taken 10 days for the delivery, despite product being advertised as a Prime delivery. Not good at all. Would not recommend seller or product.No handle  need refundWish I didn't waste my money on these worthless shoes. I got blisters on my heals the first time i wore them. I tried to wear them with a different pair of socks but they still rubbed my heel. There isn't much cushion and are just plain uncomfortable. Seems like the workmanship isn't as good as NB shoes I've had before. I won't buy another pair again. Quality has gone downhill. Very disappointed.I didn't like ittoo smallI did not listen to the reviews and purchased these sandals. They are very cute and fit my foot perfectly, however they are large in the calf. I have a slightly larger calf, and it still did not fit. I am very disappointed because they are very cute. I have to return them.I think the belt is more for a woman's body and curves. It bunches up and folds over on my waist while I'm running so it's difficult to remove or insert anything. Maybe you have to wear it high over your stomach so it remains flat.I ordered the same size that I get in Lee and Wrangler pants. These Haggar were cut smaller. I had to send them back.the ring was smashed in half when i received itThe old saying You get what you pay for definitely applies here. Skimpy un-natural shape to the pads, cheap-cheap. Would not recommend this product to any flat-tails.The flower does not look as it is depicted to look.  It looks full and fluffy in the photos, but is actually very flat and minimal.  There is no sparkle or sheen to the flower, nor is there any opportunity to fluff the flower to make it look fuller (it is just flat material, so fluffing is not even an option).  Also, the headband itself is way too large for a baby; the lace is thin and stretched out.  The headband might fit a toddler or your girl, but it certainly won't work for an infant.Do not waste your money.  This sweater was full of small holes, loose threads and green ink marks.I'm 6 ft 180 with no belly hangover. I ordered a large.  This shirt is not long enuff. I can't conceal my pistolAfter working on this thing for a while I was finally able to jimmy the battery door open and clean up the inside enough that the batteries worked. Once the battery door was off it would no longer stay on, so I had to wrap my daughter's hair rubber band around the handle to get the door to stay on. The sound isn't too bad though, and it was fun to have as a prop for Halloween. Overall, the quality is one star, and the fun level is three stars, averaging two stars.They are very cute but there is now way they are a size 9, they look about 2-3 sizes smaller.Cute dress...but I ordered the wrong size.It was the right color and it was nice and soft, but it's not the official kigurumi that it advertises. That's the only thing that kind of pissed me off, because if you advertise something, please make sure it's the same product. Thank you. Hopefully it looks nice at the con. Thanks pretty girl..Both shoes caused blisters on the first day.  One shoe fell apart on the second day, which at least stopped the blisters.  So one shoe is currently still quite good, but the other is trash.  Unfortunately, I have two feet.  A close look at the shoe that failed (note: the part going round the heel ripped apart when I was putting it on) suggests that the construction is very shoddy.  Maybe I got a fake, but I bought them from Teva on Amazon, so go figure.  I've not experienced a similar failure in a shoe for as long as I can remember, so only one star.Horrible horrible horribleThese pants were definitely too large for a medium woman.  The waist was big and the length is long enough for a 6 foot + person.  In addition, they were advertised to be 90% cotton but they turned out the be a 50/50 blend (bad because the fabric will 'ball up").  What I expected was a light weight leisure pants but what I got was a big pair of 'sweat pants'.awfulDon't believe in the sizes. They are far from US sizes. Everything is beyond small. I wear a normal large. I ordered 2xl. They fit a size 8-10 in US size. WTFMy ankle strap broke out as soon as I took it out of the boxNot as expected when seen on the pictures, they look or seem to be of a lesser quality material once worn.Ridiculously tinyI have to say this is a very cute dress. I wear a size 8 and 2XL fit but not as loose as on the model. After reading all the reviews and most everyone stating how small the dress was running. I opted to order the larger size, glad I did because it just fit.The necklace was broken when received it. it cost more for the shipping so I did not return it.The necklace itself is okay, but more in the calibre of $3 Forever 21 necklaces than $20 ones. You're definitely paying for the Downton theme, which is fine. It might be a bit better had I chosen a more glamorous piece. I might get the sapphire piece for myself!
Also, the seller did not include my requested gift wrap or gift message, so I've had to re-do it all myself.These are the worse panties I have ever had.
Cheap, thin, and no support, like wearing nothing.
What should I do?I wasn't expecting much from a $10 dress, but I did expect it not to fall apart piece by piece before even putting it on. I ordered the dress with the open back. In the photos it appears to flare out in the front in an unflattering way, it truly does that, so in addition to it disintegrating, it makes you look pregnant. I immediately put the dress back in the package to return.
Also, the company contacted me to make sure I didn't leave a bad review before they could fix the problem. Their solution, send the dress back and buy myself a new one because they are sure it is an isolated incident. This is after I take the time to send them photos of the issue, of course. All that and not even an offer to send a replacement. Gee thanks, but I'll find another way to waste my time.Silly me to read the poor reviews & still purchase. . Red flag #1, really the going price was $100 plus now $15.. (duh)!I got another pair of Hochman pajamas and adore them.  These not so much.  I look like a granny in them (husband who is pretty easy going about sleepwear agreed) and the fabric doesn't feel good.  They didn't make it to wash, as I couldn't bear to have them on more than a few minutes.Zipper broke in a weekThis costume was back ordered for weeks and then my order was cancelled, when it said it was available. So weeks later I ordered new ones and they were way too small for my 3 yr old who barely fits into 3T stuff since it hangs off him. They should not be labeled as 2-4T. The hat fits my 9 week old nephew. Not very happy!Somewhat small.Cuff was too short.Im giving 2 stars only because of how buttery soft these are. However, after only 2 wears they have multiple holes around the seams. I bought the plus size and they are a little big (which I prefer) so the holes aren't because I bought the wrong size. These would be perfect if it weren't for the holes.Please purchase a size up from your normal size runs smallThe ring  received was beautiful great fit however it was fake. I'm very disappointed that Ring was easily Scratch Not by work but only by a ring on my other finge only after 2 days . I truly love Amazon and most of the Products. be careful when you order rings from Amazon.I've had this watch a couple of years (mine is actually a W-96H), but will never get to test the 10-year battery guaranty, since the strap broke way too soon. Everything else was OK to excellent. Kept excellent time. Time and day were easy to read (only fair for the date). The light made it readable at night. Survived swimming unscathed. Usable stopwatch. Crystal has held up without much scratching. Plastic case was strong enough, but the finish was only fair: the silver/gray finish has become obviously worn.

I'm disappointed that the band broke so soon. Even for the reasonable price of this model, I expected longer life. Amazon sells replacement band for $13; whole watch for $17! Take your pick. Whichever you buy, the lifetime will probably be short.

I chose the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Casio-Men-s-A168W-1-Electro-Luminescence-Digital-Bracelet-Watch/dp/B000GB0FXU/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Casio Men's A168W-1 Electro Luminescence Digital Bracelet Watch</a>, with a metal band. Predecessors of this watch have given me years of good service.I ordered 1 size up.  These are extremely tight across the top of my foot,I bought size 5. I wear 5 or 5.5. A friend said they run big. They run REALLY big! Mine are at least a whole size bigger. still like them, but, I can't wear them. Sending them a friend that wears a 6.The hip measurements are way too wide. I like the fabric and the top portion of the dress though. It's really pretty and I like that this dress had long-sleeves, but the hip measurements were way out of proportion (for me).When you fill it with cards it is impossible to close the zipper.A bit smaller than advertizedThis book bag smell straight like fish. It got here fast but ew the smell isn't going away. And the zipper is already broke. How can i return this?Not very sturdy and very uncomfortableI washed these 3 times, they still smell like chemicals. No way I'm putting these on my 1 year old. Sending these back.

Generally love Kickee but this is gross and unacceptable.The color is too ugly.
You know what, the worst thing is not the color. You buy this s*** with 50$ and return it with 12$.
I'd rather buy a full price backpack in NF store with 65$.Cheap!  The top black layer is not leather and already after just a few wears looks bad.It was much larger than what was expected and this is even considering that my niece is tall for her age. I wasn't able to use it as intended which is a shame because my son graduated high school and she graduated preschool so we wanted their pictures taken together at his graduation, which we weren't able to do. The quality was as expected. Simple and plain.It covered my books and went halfway down my arms.Run 1 full size smaller. Heavy rubber smell. Horrible package in a paper bag, no box. Delivered later than promised.Not impressed at all...First night I put these on my child, leaked straight through! And ps I ordered the small for my very petite 1 year old and they were too snug, so I would definitely try going up a size bigger and seeing how they work.It's beautiful,  but the sizing almost a whole size off. I can't wear it on the finger I wanted yup because of it.I would leave no stars if it allowed me to. Horribly small and see through. Terrible quality!Very cheap quality - I sent it back to senderSleeve openings and front drape were different sizes!I thought this would  be more like slippers, but actually they are more like glorified socks. Cute color but prefer my regular socks.Does not meet CA proposition 65 chemical standards.One of the buttons won't snap, but my son needs it for swim lessons now, so we'll make do.  Would exchange if we had the time.Nice looking shoe, but feels more like a D wide.had to returnReturned - will buy a better modelI can see why the model in the picture is standing at an odd angle as you need to in order for this suit to look decent.  The top is super weird.  I squishes your boobs and creates a "muffin top" at the top of the bathing suit which I thought would be impossible as I don't have a lot of boob to begin with.  Maybe this is made for those with more up top but I found even the bottoms to be super uncomfortable.none of these headbands are glued properly!Starts out good but they stretch out very quickly getn saggy knees .  Theres no stripping around the thigh part to keep them upa few months after wearing it, the sole became real uncomfortable to walk ontoo big and baggy for workout shorts. i wanted a longer length so i wouldnt have to worry about ride up but these are too loose. i would exchange for a smaller size but the price has gone up. im normally around a size 14 and the large was too baggy on my hips and butt.I did ordered2 of them and really! The were terrible.Shipping is faster than i expert and color is nice but the quality is poor. For the monety it is ok.Locket will not remain closed.Horribly squeaky on certain floors. Water proof is a nice idea but embarrassing to wear in public. SO embarrassing that I can't wear them to work. Thought it would go away over time but it actually worsened. Would appreciate a refund. I have been a life long Rockport fan but will never buy another pair unless I am able return them.The jewelry is beautiful, but the clear "fishing line" type thread holding the necklace together broke the second time I wore it.  Very disappointing, as I was hoping to wear it to future formal events.I ordered an 18-20 in this shirt. I usually wear a 16-18 and figured this shirt would be a bit big and fit comfortably. When I got the shirt, it appeared to be closer to a size 14. This shirt runs small and is tight. It does not fit comfortably at all.NOTE: This review is only for the black leather variety.

I love onitsuka tiger shoes. I've worn them for years. This model, however, is sub-par.

Within one week the rubber sole on the toe peeled completely off on both shoes, with little wear. The adhesive simply doesn't want to adhere to the leather material.

A shame, I loved the look of them.The material is terrible and the fit, especially on the skirt, is nothing like the photo.  It flares out instead of being fitted.  The neckline is also very loose and baggy.Top cuts into foot; will have to add moleskin or band aids to make them wearable.Nice wallet but the credit card slots and DL slot were too small to get cards into and out of.This bib was very poor quality and would only fit a newborn. The cross on the front was crooked.  This looked very cheap.I hope someone inspects this product for quality. What we have received is totally out of size. We wonder if the item shipped was from women's category as opposed to junior size. My daughter burst out in laughter upon opening the packet!!The rubber shell bends at the mid point on top of your foot and creates some serious rubbing, really not possible to break these in further. Missed the return window on these unfortunately.Looks so cheap!I usually get a 1X. I ordered a 1X and 2X. The 1X is too small.  the 2X fits ok but I won't be putting it in the dryer. I fear it would shrink too much.Came in wrong color and is still labeled wrong.Horrrrrible and FAKE!!!!! I paid 200$ for a wallet that wasn't real leather, or even authentic Kate Spade........ even though i put leather protectant on prior to use and took very good care of it, in 3 months the Kate Spade logo WORE OFF, the wallet became flimsy and sloppy and the "leather "was def faux, as when i tried to clean it with leather cleaner in an attempt to make it look presentable for at least another month or two, it made the faux leather discolored, wrinkly and good for nothing. Donated a 200$ wallet to goodwill 3 months aftee purchasing it because not even Platos closet wanted it!!!It squeaks very loudly when I walk.  Also very uncomfortable.Killed my feet around the strap area. The heel height was comfortable but walking in them for more than an hour. Might return.I wanted these to work. I have an old pair of Klogs USA shoes that were, dare I say, roomy. Something has obviously changed in the brand and now the "wide" do not fit well. I am incredibly disappointed because I have worn my old pair out and desperately needed something new. Unfortunately, these are not it. I could not wear them for more than an hour before my feet started to hurt. Beware that they may fit a bit more narrow than previous models of these shoes. Extremely disappointing as these were costly and listed as "wide".This watch epitomizes the word faux. The dials are painted or stamped onto the face.Does the watch come with battery?OH THE PAIN! Why do you have to break in $300+ boots?! This is the first time I've bought and worn Fryes and good god they're horrible. I have no idea why people like them. I will absolutely be returning them.I bought the Large Black. What happened was the waistband came as grey. That's not the worst part. The worst part is that the pouch is gigantic it's like a pouch for a XXXL I could fit my  package in there without them coming out the sides. I find this to be the worst order I have ever got from amazon. The last terrible thing is I can't return or replace the item. So be warned this product will not come as described.I was dissappointed when I recieved these in the mail, they were huge! I was thinking they were tiny... wish there was a size added on the item description, or maybe I just didn't notice, used as a gag gift!Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!  Oh, did I mention, Stupid!  I HATE these, and once worn Im not going to return.  If you are Okay with pulling your pants down to pee, then you will be Okay with these.  Because they don't have an access flap they must be pulled down from the top, to stretch the elastic to its max...and if you lose your grip, well, the recoil snap just might cause you to screw like a little girl!!!  Money spent on these is an utter waste!don't like these at all don't understand the good reviews, too thick material, look frumpy, don't feel comfy will only wear them for going to the gym if at all!This shoe is very wide and adjustable. The shoe offers a sole which is removable in your step.

See:
[...]
[...]Came in 2 weeks after estimated arrival date. Material is bad. The picture make this shirt look fantastic and bright, it isn't. I could've just bought an iron press and done it myslef, it still would've looked better than this. I wish there was an upload photo button so I could share a picture if their product.Too big for my 6 year old. She is in a 10.5-11 these must be a 12-12.5Too smallNot wide and poor quality thin leatherDelivery was fast and price was amazing but it runs too small, when I checked to get it a bigger size it was more expensive so I ended up returning the product.Beautiful dress. Ordered Medium as per reviews. Sadly, it was too small for my boobies. It fit everywhere else. Im 36D (sometimes DD), 27, 36.They fit was expected, but the clothes pin broke after first useLess Comfortable than I expected.
Also short product life. I bought KC dress shoes years ago that we're much better quality. What happened?Faded before I even washed themThey were alright the first 15 hours of wearing them until the right soul started coming ungluedtoo large for the correct shoe size had to returnmuch shorter than expected.It's not what I expected at all or even close of what you see on the picture. It's way thinner and very delicate. The V is larger than in the pic. The buttons are bigger than in the pic. Everything is so different. Just it looks like in the pic...I usually adore these sandals but the straps across the toes are thinner than usual  and rubbed the heck out of my little right toe. Ended up with blister. I am hoping I can wear them in.Well here I am reading these comments and I had to wonder to myself.....are this people for real? I threw this out after wearing it twice.....it is soft yes....but after wearing it once...this camo tee becomes twice it size....on top of that it started to ball....sorry I didn't share earlier....I couldn't sent it back because it was bought to the Caribbean and would have been expensive to send back.not satisfied with my purchased. some pieces are missing. pin remover is  broken in just one time use. not a solid item.I was cleaning the glasses and the right arm just snapped off. I wasn't even using any pressure. Sorry I didn't opt for a more quality pair.These are so cute and comfortable except when you actually have to walk.  The surround at the top of the heel is indented slightly, so it scrapes the top of my heel so horribly that I can't wear these longer than 15-20 minutes.  I've tried stretching them out, but that hasn't helped.Was not true to size. Quality not good at allToo big. Would not fit in my purse.As soon as I bought it I was unsure of how it would be, but after opening the package I was nothing short of disappointed. You get what you pay for.Super cute but broke within days of use. Luckily I just reattached the chain with the links but be warned! Recommend light use only.I have bought Danner boots for over a decade and purchased this boot in the size I always buy, 10 1/2 EE.  They advertise the toe area to be wider than normal for a wide variety of work.  Not so; I immediately got a large toe blister due to the narrow configuration of the boot.Too large! For me and not the quality i expectedIt broke the first day I wore it.  Complete waste of money.Horrible!! I ave used lots of combo locks over the year and never once had a problem.  I put these on my bags and could not get them open! I tested them before putting them on my bags, so they worked. Once. Then not so much. I tried all 999 possible combinations. Nothing. Had to get them cut off.Runs small.$70 is a lot of money to just write off.  I did not receive these shoes.  paid $49.99 for the same pair in leather color and received them long ago.poor qualitythe shoes is not like how i see it in the picFor who are these made for? Theres no room in front. Everything gets out all the time.broke before i even got to wear it.The idiot that wrote the instructions should be fired. 20 minutes of trying to set the password and I had to give up.
Really? I returned it and AVOID THIS PRODUCT UNTIL THEY MAKE IT EASIER TO SET THE PASSWORD.Shrinks after first washI'm not sure these are actually authentic. Bought these and they looked slightly off. Even my husband, who only wears Sperry's, didn't think they were the real thing. Be weary.You said this item is XL but I recipt one M, I lost the money paid for itShirt was fine at first. After first wash, the seems started coming undone and holes formed on sleeves. Wanted to return to replace for hopefully a better quality, to find out they have me on a prime account cover the charges for they're faulty product with a list of reasons they will screw me over for the return.Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. This is why I'm nervous about buying clothes on Amazon. Luckily it was cheap, unluckily it was cheap. Ran waaaay too small. The Paris couture is mispelled or like the top of the t got scratched off. The fabric is crap. I'll probably be able to salvage it only because I plan to put an embroidery patch over that bottom section of lettering.
BUMMED.  :CI ordered these boots for a Christmas gift, and when I opened the box, another pair of LaCrosse boots were in it, NOT the ones advertised.  Very disappointing as I had to return them and order directly from LaCrosse.  Just unbelievable from Amazon.  How could they send the wrong Lacrosse boots?  DON'T ORDER these boots!I bought these snow boots for my 5 year old, and after attempting to try them on, there was no way to get her feet into the boot due to the narrow and stiff ankle part of the boot.  She was supposed to wear these for school when it snows and then change back into shoes for inside, and there is no way she would be able to get these on herself - I couldn't get them on either without hurting her - having to send back and find another style.  Too bad because North Face is such a good brand normally.HorribleThese socks have a tight elastic band around the top that leaves a mark on my legs. Also, they have way too much polyester to be really soft and comfortable. My kingdom for simple, thin, cool and comfortable cotton socks! They seem impossible to find anymore.
These are certainly not it.super short xc there so short that i have a deep circle imprint on the inside of my lip nd cheap metal they strip easlyVery disappointed. This sweater does not look like the first set of photos.  There is no blue in it, it's black, white and gray. It also appears to be a knitted sweater in the picture, which it is not. I wish I did not make this purchaseto littleI was very upset at this product. First the color In the picture is a wine. I received a red tote. Second, my bag did not have the long shoulder strap. Third, there was no invoice. I am returning this item which is sad because it looked really beautiful on the pic.I purchased these boots after using 2 pairs of the Desert Tan Blackhawk boots and I wish I would have just stuck with the Blackhawks. These Oakley boots are not worth the money. They take forever to lace up everytime you put them on, the laces come untied constantly because there is no friction keeping the laces together (no matter how hard you pull the not together), and they were absolutely TERRIBLE to break-in. There was a huge crease on the top of my big toe that constantly hits it everytime I took a step. It has gotten slightely better but still hurts often. I am active Army with 9 years in (2 deployments) so I know how boots break-in and how to properly size a boot. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND DO NOT BUY THESE!!! I wish I would have read a review like this before spending over 100$ on boots.Tried these on at a local store and the fit was good.  These are way too narrow!Too small, cheap material (you can actually see light coming thru it), Marvin the Martian is half the size he is in the misleading picture, came with 2 white stains on it, took a month to get here, and worst of all the color is totally wrong! Where he is supposed to be green, is an ugly yellow. Oh and, Lets not forget the holes in the screen print. This shirt sucks! Terrible way of doing business.I have many pairs of CW-X tights but these fit VERY TIGHT. I will never buy another Pro tights just for this reason. Odd as it is, some pairs of the same size are not good for the same size as other CW-X tights/items. On the graph on the package (the same thing nylon companies put on their products) sometimes the height/weight for one pair is not made for a person that fits in the same size of another CW-X tights.I didn't wear the boots because there is a wire frame inside the right boot that is out of place.  All I had to do is lace up the boots to start feeling the pain.....very uncomfortable.  Other then that, the boots look and feel decent.
update:  The seller has replaced the left boot and I have worn the boots for 2 weeks now. The wire frame in the new boot was not as painful as the first boot. However, it still digs into my foot everytime I walk. It's bearable but uncomfortable. I would not recommend these boots. I have many other boots for work hunting and leisure. None of them have a wireframe around the laces. There is definitely a design flaw in these boots.Meh. They're pretty thin and way too long. They go all the way up the leg and constrict your calf. I would not recommend.Not as pictured.  They don't have the stones and are plain and boring looking.  Not worth their price.I love these boots but they run very big. I have to return them.I was not sent the boxers with the gripper and placket, I was sent just the boxers with elastic all the way around.Cheaply made. Size I bought for my daughter is a 4t (she is a skinny little thing) and it ran on the smaller side. Was not impressed with product.Seems to be larger and you get a surprise when is delivered,  really small bagCouldn't adjust how tight they were so my son couldn't get his shoes on his feet after we put them on his shoes.  I thought they might stretch out after some wear but didn't happen. Got some lock laces instead.Had to return these.  The construction seemed to be good but they were at least a full size too big. The size stamped on the shoe matched what I ordered but they were substantially larger than my previous Nunn Bush loafers of the same size.  Comparison pictures are attached.
Thanks to Amazon for making the return process simple and as painless as possible.Do. Not. StickThis scarf is beautiful to look at, but so itchy to wear! I do have very sensitive skin, so others may not experience this. However, for me the itching was so bad I had to get rid of the scarf :(I received the costume and after a few minutes of trying to figure out how to get my body in it I finally got it on. The instructions said it came with a battery pack but I did not receive one with the costume.I do not recommend these boots at all. The bows are not decorative.  There is a panel in the back of the boot that does not provide full and balanced coverage on the back. It is in there lopsided and there is no way to correct it. While it does provide decent water protection around the actual foot, it's completely moot when there is complete exposure along the back side of it.this thing is tiny, size up even from what you think you need! I can't roll the sleeves up because they are so tight.Runs small, wanted it for a mans wrist.Smaller then described in size and width. Not quite as descibedThey changed the way they make these and now are not as dark and don't block the blue light as wellThought would have been biggerI was extremely disappointed in this purchase. It was a great price originally, but when it arrived one of the posts was bent and there was a sticky substance all over it. Not exactly something you would want to put in you ear. I was hoping to exchange them for a new pair but I was only given the option to return them. When I looked at them again they were $50 more than what I originally paid. I just don't know why I couldn't exchange them for the same thing. Perhaps because another pair wouldn't be damaged?Something doesn't seem right here.The shoes run big & wide.  The shoe gaps in the middle & offers very little support
However loved the colorThe seahorse charm looks great but the chain clasp broke 3rd time I wore it This is the 1st time I am not happy with a Bali bra.  Really bad!!  There is no give at all with this braIt broke easy it was not worth my moneyTerrible shorts. DO NOT BUYDon't buy!!!!  The button fly will not stay buttoned.I have had this a few weeks and initially thought it would be great. I have other baggalinis which I like but the company doesn't 1) check out and use its own product or 2) doesn't listen to its users. I was looking for a little larger purse (not a travel bag) with a side organizer with several card slots, including a clear one for ID. I intended to put my phone and glass case in middle compartment. Nothing really fits in the middle even if there are minimal items in each side. My 8" kindle fits in the back pocket but instead I use it for the phone. The magnetic closure also does not work. The strap is nice and also the fabric and construction. The strap  is not  removable. There are plenty of inside pockets you just can't easily get to them. Not enough card slots. This purse is a disappointment.  Yesterday I went back to an older Baggalini which has a zip center which opens very wide. They don't make it anymore. Go figure. Don't waste your money.Over pricedNot sure what I received, but it's not at all this backpack as pictured.  The pockets are different, even the brand name is different.  Had to get a refund.  Disappointed since I had to wait awhile to have it shipped and needed it for an upcoming vacation.There is no way this shirt is an XL, even though that's what the tag says. It is a cheap piece of foreign made garbage and I will never buy from You clowns again. It is too small for My little sister.I had to cut the button hole because it couldn't fit and they smelled like chemicals and were extremely longCute shoes BUT too big.  I have 4 other pairs of Skechers, same size, that fit like a dream.  Disappointed so must return.This coat shed feathers continuously since it was brand new.  My daughter wore it occasionally for half of one winter.  This following winter when she attempted to wear it again, the zipper is broken.  I paid $161.00 for this coat.  The quality is very poor and now is useless.  Very frustrated!TOO SMALL..not wide enough. Returned them and can NOT BELIEVE that I had to pay $18 to return them! lousy company policy.I bought these gloves earlier this year and they tore almost immediately! I'm very surprised because I bought once before and they seemed reliable. However this pair did not hold at all. Light weight and warm, but cheap material. Do not expect lasting use.Stitching failed almost immediatelyok its nice material, but it doesnt not look like the picture, it looks like a really messed up bowl hair cutI bought these shoes for my 8 year old son in late August.  It's now late November and these shoes are ready for the trash.  They are literally falling apart.  The soles are fine; they look almost brand new.  The canvas is separating from itself leaving large holes in several places on the shoes.  In addition the edge of the area near the grommets for the laces flipped up almost immediately and can't be glued back down because then it restricts the movement of the tongue.  (I know...I tried).  The laces are too slick and too stretchy to be tied properly.  I was going to replace them but the shoes fell apart so quickly that I wasn't about to spend more money on them.  I'm embarrassed to send my son to school in these shoes, but I don't have $45 to drop every three months, so they will have to hold together long enough for Santa to come in a month.  This is the worst item I believe I've ever purchased.  The first time I've dealt with etnies will be my last. I'd give them zero stars if I could.Pros-
*SUPER strong tape. So strong it stayed on while I was at the zoo in Sam Diego on a flipping hot day in August.
*I have 34D natural boobs and I have used these lift appliqus (different bands) often and I like them a lot instead of wearing a strapless bra for certain outfits.

Cons-
*By no means are they glamorous looking on their own but do the job well under clothing to keep the girls up! Of you are planning on getting lucky I wouldn't recommend taking off your clothes in front of someone if you have these on. Not sexy.
* if you mess up putting it on there is no going back. Once it has hit skin it isn't going to stick again.
* had same issue as another buyer mentioned with it ripping my top layer of skin. I've never had any other of these types do this to me. The time I went to the zoo it actually blistered my skin because it was pulling and I was sweating. My husband was baffled why I would do that to myself.

Recommend the Hollywood fashion secrets breast lift tape instead.Buyer beware - the photo and description clearly show a bracelet sleeve top - I was sent a very short sleeve top.  Needless to say, I returned. Very disappointed.I love the soft/coolness of slub fabric. I like a loose fit and bought these XL to wear while working in the yard/garden. The fabric is soft but not slub soft. These were not women's XL either. They weren't expensive but they also were not as advertised. Extremely disappointed. It wasn't worth the trouble to return them. My stick-figure 9 yo granddaughter has a couple of new shirts, not me.I need a "Short" but these are Petites and are too short and a bit too small.I have two pair of Skechers in size 7 but this pair's right shoe was much smaller. I received a full refund from Amazon. Received a large blister on my right heal after a 4 mile walk through town.Very cheap and itchy on my daughter's neck. She won't wear it.I thought I was ordering the socks in the picture, with the grey heel and toe.  However, I got socks with completely grey soles.  I have bought and worn both but much prefer the ones I thought I was ordering.Size was too big and company does not allow returns which it never explained in description.I ended up returning this item as it ran very small. I ordered the XXL and it would barely zip up on me.  I am big dude but I wear a XXL in every other brand.  I didn't want to move up a size just to have the coat so I just took the refund.Wasnt what i thought it be. Sent backHad to return these boots. They were to narrow.Doesn't hold purse or light backpack on granite countertop. Evidently granite too slippery plus not enough surface area on clip. Probably would work on wood surface. Oh well.Being diabetic, if I don't lose a foot from the size being too small, I will be lucky. I would hate to see someone else get in the same problem because of the small size.These were so small that I could barely see the stone and it did not say sterling in the box or anywhere with the earrings.  A rip off.  Earrings that small should have been half the price.This watch did not keep time well from the start, lost about an hour everyday, and the pin that holds the face to the band broke shortly after.White is actually an off white, and the belt is absolutely huge.They don't cut the glare like I thought they would.fits smaller than predictedThe backpack strap was not attached on one side on the backpack :/It just doesnt fit nicely at all. Too tight yet longThe necklace clip broke very upsetDo not buy this bag!! The main zipper broke w/in 6 weeks of use. What a waste of money.I bought this same dress in red and pink and love them. This one came a foot shorter. You need to improve your quality control.Cheap looking.Cheap material, bows came off the pants when my 5, yr old wore it the next day. Not to mention the pants split due poor stitching. I would pay more and get something with better quality.Had really looked forward to getting this product.  But when it got here the construction of it was TERRIBLE.  The seams were bunched up and crooked and the hemline was extremely uneven.  You would think the manufacturer would be embarrassed to have their label on the skirt.  I had to return the size 3XL and get the 2XL and didn't notice the shoddy construction in the larger of the two sizes.  So maybe it was just my luck to get the one that the seamstress was going blind had sewn.Cheap material irritated my skin.Got it for my oldest daughter she could only wear it twice. Luckily, She has younger sisters.I knew they were cheap, but was expected a little bit better quality.Did not fit my heel even though the heel size matched the diagram that comes with the kit. Had to return.Sorry for the low score the hoodie was way too small when I get a three x here it in gulfs me. This was about the size of a extra large.Sooooo disappointed!!!! Is NOTHING like the picture, NOTHING! I am only 5'4" (and weigh about 125lbs) and the pants are so short! NOT cute at all. Who ever heard of a gennie in high waters. As for the top, I am far from "blessed" in this area (maybe a full-ish B) and the top barely fits! To top it all off the color is NOT at all what it looks like!!!!!!!! Its not a nice light pink, it is a harsh, neon, ugly as all get out shade of "pink-orange". Ruined my whole planned costume :( sooo bummedTight across vamp.junkItchyAs a mother,  I am disappointed with this costume. It's is a flat piece of printed foam. There's nothing in it to make it round or 3D, I guess I'll add some kind of stuffing to get the look.I ordered a size 7 Medium and it took a while to receive the shipment which is unusual for Amazon.com  When I finally did get the purchase, I had one size 6 and one size 7 shoe. Unfortunately, both of my feet are a 7 medium. I guess the price was a bit too good to be true. The deal is only good if your feet are two different sizes.It's ok. Cheaper looking than you would find at claires or what not. It is fun for costumes though. I gave it to my kids for dress up.The picture is very deceiving,I was so disappointed upon opening the box,the box is nice but what I received looks and feels like a toy watch,the wrist band is definitely for a child and does not feel like genuine leather,it says genuine leather on the band but feels more like pu leather,the picture showed the face a bit bigger and the straps looked a bit thicker,it's too expensive to return it so unfortunately I am forced to keep it,I love Armitron watches but will not recommend this unless you're a person with an extremely tiny wrist and,you have to force your eyes to see the time.Quality was poor and did not look like the picture. Not to mention it was way smallFIT WELL. BUT REALLY HATED THE POLYESTER CONTENT.  MADE ME SWEAT TOO MUCH!The headline says it all:  They shed like crazy.  On everything.  All over my couch, all over the sheets to the point where I have grey fuzz all over my sheets.  I actually had to throw these away because of the constant, terrible shedding.I thought I was ordering a plus size 4 but if I did there was not enough room...  family member will now receive this.Cant deny that these toms are not comfortable, they are definately a comfort shoe but it did not last longer than a couple of weeks.I wanted to wear a hat that really slouches...but this isn't the one....not sending back as I can pass on as a Christmas gift....but still disappointed....Disappointed. Flimsy construction. Tried it for a week.  Slick no-grip outer shell.  Would easily slip out of a front pocket when sitting down.  Wouldn't dare try to sit down on this in my rear pocket. Buy a metal product if you're looking for a minimalist wallet.I just received this bathing suit in the mail last week and the moment I took it out of the envelope I could tell it was not going to work. The material is see-through and of very poor quality. I have emailed the buyer to request an order number so that I can return it. I have bought Speedo bathing suits for many years and this is not of the same quality as the swim suits I have purchased before.This was terrible it came with the chain broken.Too smallI ordered a wide did not even come close to fittingNot like other isootoner gloves purchased in department stores.  They were tight and other fitness issues.  I was afraid of fabric also.It does not have the inside leather purch as my other bags. I am disapointed in the size and quality.Makes boobs look pointy. Did not care for fitThis is a very cheap bag.  I was going to return it but the return time expired
Would not recommendTerrible ! An LX fit like a small and I hadn't even washed it !This was a Christmas present for my mom. She loves this watch. But the clock is not working properly. Many times it stops working and then move the mechanism starts working again and then stops again. In only one month of use is a nightmare. Now AMAZON not allow me to return it. I lost my money and my mom frustratedThe quality of it was bad the threading was all over the place, i wanted my daughter to wear it to her 1st birthday but I don't know anymore! Also runs big!!crooked emblemi ordered a pair, they fit perfect and were very comfortable. after a few hours of wear the seam by the toes started to come undone. i contacted the seller and they sent me a new pair very quickly. customer service was great.

well im wearing my second pair today, and after a few hours the seam on the right boot by the buttons is coming undone. these are terrible and are made poorly! i request a full refund of the boot, lets see what happens.Earrings look very cheap in real life - no chance I'll get anyone to wear these (although based on the pic online my daughter was very interested); so disappointing.  I'd be ashamed to give these to anyone, they really look like something you picked up on the way out of the dollar store.Shoe is too small in the toes.I LOVED these shoes when I first got them. They fit comfortably and walking on them is like walking on clouds. The color and texture adds to the summer look and matches most of my outfits. I can wear it with a skirt or under jeans. The wedge part, however started falling apart literally within a month or two. The lining around it (especially at the bottom), started peeling off. I would recommend that these shoes be designed with a cork material instead.fits different spots weird. It gapes around the arms, and I don't want to show bra!Horrible product - way too small and too shortGross, silky material that falls in all the wrong places, much lower cut than expected. Not a good buy.Absolutely horrible quality.Was not at all impressed by this product! It runs too small. Spend your money elsewhere.I ordered 2 jackets and both had buttons fell off straight out of the package, after one wear before washing multiple buttons had fallen off. The maker should realize this is a work shirt and having the buttons is really needed. I have now spent an hour sewing on buttons from brand new products.I wish I would buy a shoes at that price...That is someone's rent right there!!!Made like s***!! The boot was too snug on my foot. The calf section of the boot was so loose I could slide both my hand into it up to my wrists. Crappy material too. I originally got this for a Cosplay outfit and I was just so awfully made.I loved it but only gave it two stars because the adjustable strap doesn't stay where you want it to so by the hour it'll loosen up completely and hang down like a long black necklace. I wanted a choker.This costume was such a disappointment. It was cheap, looked nothing like the picture. The only positive..as soon as my daughter put it on the leg material produced two big runs and once the company we purchased it from was contacted they expressed another costume. Of course now I have two junkie costumes. Next year I'll make my own.Just received my ring today, good quality it seems, but the sizing is WAY off... I have a size 11 and it is the same size as the size "10" you sent me.Seriously order 3 sizes bigI purchased a XL and tried it on, but it was WAY TOO small. I just decided to give it to my younger sister. Won't be buying from here anymore.Terrible.
Temperature reading isn't even close.
But thats okay because you cant read the display anyway - not enough contrast. Turning on the light doesnt help.
Who designed this watch, 4th graders?The sizing is off. The bottom fits okay while the top is oversized yet the sleeves are too short. Not too happy.These boots did not last very long.  The inside began falling apart shortly after the return period had expired.In the picture it seems the material is thicker. In real life the material is cheap and thin, again another misleading China crap garment.I have other wide NB cross-trainers that I'm obsessed with but these were strange.  The width was too wide and they were strangely clunky.  I know tennis shoes are supposed to provide stability but these were just awkward.  Back to Amazon they went.Very disappointed.  I have worn this coat less than ten times and the zipper has broken off the bottom is fraying so I can no longer zip it.  What a waste of money!Cheaply madeNarrow on the foot, not at all flexible.  Very disappointed with merrell on this product. Too expensive for what you get.I purchased this for St. Patrick's Day. I was expecting the shirt to come in a more drapey, loose light weight material (like in the photo). The shirt that I received came in a more stiff and fitted fit. Order a size up.These shoes last at the most 3 months. The sole gets a hole in them :(Buckle is too big!As other reviewers have mentioned - this is sort of a ultra-cheap toy accessory for an over-sized doll.  The umbrella is tiny - maybe fit for a 2-3 year old.  The quality of the wooden handle is beyond pale and so is overall fit and finish of the product.

If you were to seriously evaluate it as a working parasol the only proper description would have been - junk.I wear a large in everything. EVERYTHING. This shirt was HUGE. The material is great, the shirt washes well and works great on the course but make sure you order a size smaller. The large I got was more like an XL or even XXL.It's a fake purse, bad materials!! Look the pictures!! The colors are different and very shining!! It's a waste of money, very small!!!The back pockets showed embroidery but the pockets are plain on the jeans I received.  I was very disappointed.I hate to give any Dansko a low rating, but these simply did not work for my feet.

I wore them for about a day of work or so and they were painful and did not offer the shock absorption I'd come to expect from the brand.  I had to return them as they were useless to me as a work shoe.Would have been nice if the description said INSULATED!!!!!!!  for $63 you would think they could pay someone to write a correct description.  They will have to go back..... too hot for summer.Very disappointed that the left arm fell off today about two weeks after the warranty was gone. Would love to have anther pair but questioning the quality.The only good fit is around the waist.Very pretty shoe. If ran slightly large so my foot slipped around and there is absolutely no cushioning in the footbed.First time i put them on they plit in the middle.Arrived with a hole in the seam of the left index finger. Returned and worried they will not last.I'm pretty convinced that these Croc are "seconds".  One side of the heel strap came off just a few hours after wearing these for the first time.  The heel strap is connected by a thin plastic piece that connects two plastic discs, one on the inside of the shoe, one visible on the outside.  The thin plastic connector broke.

As the heel strap was dangling, the only thing I could do was pull the other side off, removing the heel strap completely.  Otherwise I would have tripped on the dangling strap. It took almost zero tension to pull it off!  I'm convinced that the plastic connectors are rotten on these shoes. There's no way Croc/Amazon didn't know this, especially since it happened to both sides.  Perhaps that is why they were posted as "daily deals"?  I hate to think that, but this is not the first time Amazon has knowingly sold me either defective or used products.i have had plenty of these sandals over the years...this print peeled off in the first weekThese broke before they were even a month old.Nasty manufacturing defect -- this bag smells hellaciously bad! Shockingly powerful bad odor -- could not bring it in the house. I opened the mailing bag and felt like I had been gassed.

What a colossal waste of time and money -- hardly worth mailing it back, but I don't even want it in my trash can.Very disappointing. ..the top is too small ...looked like it was used when description said new...contacted seller no respondWay to small...very poor quality ripped after 2 weeks you get what you pay for...Strap not long enough to go around ankle and fasten.  Very tight across toes. Sent back.I never wear these.  Maybe if I drop 30 pounds the size I chose for the extra weight, will fit/Poor quality. I never even wore these because they were too thin. Disappointed in this buy.Didnt like it... too big and wasn't my taste in fashionVery disappointed on the size. I ordered a large but it can only fits my 100 lbs niece. I have an event coming up where I have to wear white and yellow, now I have to find something else. It looks nice but I think its for junior.I normally wear a 1x, ordered 2x to have a  slightly big fit, but it was snug. Had to return itAll of my cards fall out of the wallet part of itThey are crap, I had to cut the feet off because her toes were crushed. They are too baggy everywhere but the feet!Glasses came with one lens broken away from the frame and seemed very flimsy. Not worth the price. I sent them back.Those socks fit well my size 9 foot, but they feel cheap. The material is thin and also not very soft. I also don't like how the toes and heels are not white.Ugly, and cheap looking.When I first ordered these slippers, I thought they would be sturdier than they are.  I've only had them 2-3 weeks and they are already falling apart.  The sizing was wrong--I got the size I ordered but the chart wasn't accurate, I should have ordered a larger size.  The heals won't stay up and they have actually peeled up.  On one of the slippers, the toe part has peeled up.  They are comfortable but the sole is thin.  They are made in China so I guess you get what you pay for.  Don't order these unless you only wear slippers once in a blue moon, order a size larger, and if you want to support China.  If  were I were Amazon or Miles Kimball (who was the supplier), I'd remove the product from inventory.Extremely small, was not an easy fit.I've never thought I had a particularly massive dome, pretty average really.  Until I bought this hat, it says one size fits all but it's not even close to being deep enough for my head.  I hate a hat that when you pull it all the way on there's still two inches of spaces between your ears and the hat.  Maybe this hat was meant to be a faux yamaka thing for hipsters to wear to synagogue, if so well done.  Just wish they would have said that upfront.Stone fell out in a couple of days.  Good thing it was cheap... or not a good thing.Doesn't fit like the picture.Did not come looking like this at all, metal bar that goes around neck is pointy and so not comfortable, comes with no padding in the bathing suit, got and  immediately returned. not happyI like the size of the suitcase and the pretty color. It does hold a lot.  I don't like that the suitcase gets dirty and that one of the zipper pieces already broke off.I have bought this bra three times, twice from Amazon and once directly from Spanx. I love the way this bra fits, it is so comfortable and the straps do not slide down your arm, which is why I kept buying it. However, all three times, after less than 2 months of wear the underwire started coming out. I thought this might have been something that was happening because I wasn't buying it directly from Spanx, but it happened when I purchased it from them as well! The bra fits perfectly, so I know I'm ordering the right size, there is something wrong with the manufacture. This is a great bra if you're looking for something short term, but if you want something that will last more than 2 months, look elsewhere.I can't wear it. Its lower band is not a band. Hard to explain, just do not buy it.Cute from front but shows all my back fat. I returned it!Looks very masculineAfter 2 wears, the heel insole broke down so I can no longer wear them.Absolutely horrible. My husband and I bought these for our wedding and when the wedding came and he went to put his on he realized the bottom of his was not together, as if they had resized it and not put it back together, like the fake plastic rings when you get when you're a kid. But both of mine were fine, the band and diamond ring. However, it has now been about 5 months and I noticed today that my diamond ring had opened the same way my husbands had. I am very displeased with this purchase and upset that I will now have to be buying a new one. I do not recommend this product or even this company.The wig came in a timely manner. I read other review saying you can treat this as normal hair. I combes it and a bunch of hair came out. I also tried to pass the straightener on low to fix the wig bangs in the front because they were sticking out from all other the place. Luckily I had tried it on a small piece but it fried the hair. Overall this wig is cheap you get what you pay. I brought it for my Halloween costume.Shoe is my correct size but the straps are too long. Cant wear them because of this but wish I could because otherwise I like them.the fit was good except that the shirt was a bit too long, other than that I did like the shirtI ordered size M and received size S...waited about three weeks and still got it wrong.  I hope I can give it to someone that can use it, instead of paying return fees.I used to think these were the best athletic shoes available.  I typically got 12-14 months of heavy exercise use out of the MX608 before needing a new pair.  I bought my most recent pair of MX608V2 shoes in August 2011.  I immediately noticed that they felt much flimsier and more "plasticky" than the previous pair, and they offered less sole support, making me feel like there is very little cushion between the bottom of my foot and the floor.  Within three months holes started forming in the interior lining, especially in the heel cup.  Even the shoes that I beat on for more than a year in the past never did this.

I'm now looking for a replacement shoe from another manufacturer.  It's too bad New Balance decided to cheap out - I would have been willing to pay more for them to maintain previous quality levels.Everything was great in the beginning. Loved the design and comfort level. After a few months, it's become a pair of very squeaky shoes...so squeaky that I feel embarrassed to wear them to work. Now they are only good if I am going somewhere noisy.I love the style and color. I ordered a medium and this looks like an extra small. Not even close to what I needed.Appears very cheap.This is not an authentic watch. There are many videos on YouTube that you can use to compare your watch. Fairly disappointed in this purchase. I'd rather pay the $40 more for the real one. In the image I am sharing the top two watches are reference images I got from Google. The top left is an authentic watch and the right is a fake. The bottom two images are of the watch I received. Not a big deal but I don't want to be paying $80 for a fake watch.Material was way too thin for bikiniWayyyyyyyyyy too small.  I'm not that big and there wasn't a chance of xxl fittingNot pleased with the appearance of the 24K gold as compared to the original lenses. The photo accompanying the item is a bit misleading as these are much darker.

Edit: Original lens is at the bottom.These must be for really droopy breast! Full breast need not applyIt says it's mans shoe on the Main  page then I ordered it and it came in as a women's size :(I too ordered this jacket thinking it would be solid black jacket, however; what I received was the black and white, zebra like coat.  Misleading information.  Will be sending it backThey had absolutely no give to them. Only got them on up to my thighs. Not a good fit at all.Poor qualityI only wear fiinns size 37 and these were much smaller then and they are uncomfortable I didn't know what to doMine arrived on the 7th of Nov and ran until the 22nd when I adjusted the time back by 3 min.  The second hand stopped and does not work now.this sunglasses are really fragile, it brakes real easy, not good quality as the brand name are... will not buy againI am personally not a huge fan. I ordered a 2XL and the top was too big and couldn't cinch in anymore and the underwear was too small. The top was also a pain to get on. By the time I got it on, I felt like it wasn't flattering enough for the hassle. Im thinking maybe if I ordered a smaller top it would have been more flattering, but, who knows. Dissapointedif your going to buy a hat, make sure you know exactly what you want, and size, and how it looks on you
before you buy a hat onlineAlready reviewed this item.I have been wearing Kayano for years. With this pair I am having extreme foot and leg pain like never before. When I compare them to my old 22s, these are narrower and less cushion. Save yourself time, money, and down time by avoiding these shows. Total ripoff.Ordered a couple of sizes up because of reviews but they still did not fitVery poor fit....disapppointed and returned put a minus before the starReally not happy with this watch. Purchased several for some conductor actors. Heard yesterday that 4 are broken already. They do look cool.I usually fare really well with KC shoes, but these were so uncomfortable they were unwearable. The Salvation Army was the proud recipients.Its not a clip that stays on the little screw section, it is a screw on that does not have any way to stop it from always unscrewing and winding up off the section you want it to stay on. Is definitely not a stopper or clip.IT SAY 18 MONTHS BUT IT DID NOT FIT MY BABY WHWN SHE WAS 10 MONTHS AND SHE'S AVERAGE GIRL SIZE!Loved it at frist, but the more I wore it the more it became a nusance and the hanging chain kept getting caught up on things.  Thought I would love the ease of taking it off and putting it on, but in the end wasn't worth it.  Would have been better with a regular clasp!  Then would of loved itThe quality of the material is good.I did NOT like these at all!!! there were different kinda! I wish I never have bought this!  1  1https://smile.amazon.com/dp/B018SVN36A/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_18I only gave this two stars because of several reasons. What the heck is "Viscose"? Well, I found out it is a form of Rayon. There is no info on the product label as to care - nothing! So, moving on. Many people mentioned that the top runs small - NOT! I wear a large to XL and ended up buying an XXL - way too big. Another thing is that the junk piece of "jewelry" if you want to call it that does not match the picture. More than likely I will take the bead pieces apart and make a different piece of jewelry for myself.Cute shirt but really fit strangely. Big in some areas and small in the others. If you can figure out the sizing, it would be a great shirt. For us, it just didn't work though.Costume was cute, no complaints about it, but I ordered a "size 70" 0-6 months for my 3 week old baby, I anticipated it would be large. I waited to the last minute but got 2 day delivery for Oct 31st, arrived on time for Halloween but to my great disappointment  it was a size "90" for a 12 to 18 month old and way too big for my 3 week old. Very disappointed. Now its Halloween and we have no costume for our baby. We ordered this pink fox to go with a different fox costume that her 2 yr old brother was wearing. :(It breakes too easilyDid not feel comfortable at all for my feet.  Color was more ORANGE than brown, which reminded me of clown shoes.  Returned.SO SMALL, I'm a size 9.5 sometimes 10. I could barely get my foot in them and once I did I could barely get it off, no joke. LoLThe hooks are small for thicker necklaces or chainsI ordered these shoes in March and have worn only a handful of times. I noticed just last night that the elastic strip between the tongue and shoe had ripped completely in half. Had I known these shoes were so poorly constructed, I never would have purchased. Maybe I have a fluke pair. These are definitely not "everyday" shoes and am very shocked after hearing and reading such great reviews.Overrated.cheap cheap cheap looking --- picture does NOT show the real product .....Picture was accurate.size runs a lil small...I wish I had better access to the post office I'd exchange it for larger sizei already have an older pair of these jeans and wanted another because i love the way they fit and feel.  this pair was so awful i didn't even try them on.  the fabric was flimsy although the stated fabric content was the same.  the stitching was poor throughout.  the omega logo stitching on the back pockets made them look like a knock-off.  the description doesn't say they are cropped, just "rolled", but when you unroll them, they're cropped.  my old jeans are full-length.  i don't even think they are denim (notice it doesn't say they are)--just a printed heavy cotton fabric.  terrible.  i'm so disappointed because i really wanted another pair.Got the earrings and they are mishappen so I can't even close them. When I finally got them closed there is no mechanism to keep them closed. Tried to wear them and they just fall out. Waste of money.Love the fabric!  Too short and a little small.I can usually get away with a M width shoe, but these were terribly narrow and I had to return them. The quality seemed high, and had they fit, there's no reason I wouldn't have kept them.Did not like synthetic hot material n the sewing looked like poor quality.  Not happy.These are unisex, and did not fit like they should.  Would not buy again...  Was hit with a return fee when shipped back.It was wadded up in the bag and has a hole in the arm of the shirt.This item was much too small for me. I ordered it in the size I would generally wear if I was ordering anything else. However, the bottom rides up on my legs more than I'd like and the top doesn't cover as much as I prefer. Very cute, but the material isn't sewn together well. It started coming apart almost immediately.It was too big for my newborn.I bought two pair of these pants for my 14 year old grandson.  They both fit well when he initially tried them on.  After I washed them one pair still fit but the other pair is now being worn by his younger brother because they shrank.  I am not happy about that because the older boy needed pants and the younger did not.Item came damaged, metallic paint was peeled off on some parts. I didn't even bother to try it on but the hat that comes with it is very small, probably wouldn't fit most heads.Very comfortable pump. I usually purchase size 7 shoes and 7.5 boots. I purchased size 7, and they seem slightly big to me at heel. But toe box would be too short if I sized down a half size, I think.

Update: I only wore these out once and haven't been able to wear them since. They are quite uncomfortable. I wrote original review after wearing around the house only. Upon wearing for a night out, my viewpoint completely changed.Make sure to get a bigger size. Think large will work get an extra large! It's a great shirt especially for a Mickey Mouse theme party or shower. Just didn't fit I wear large and needed a size upJust did not fit my foot.  The open toe cut into my big toe.  I sent the shoes back.Design did not meet the quality expectations.Short in length.Do not wash like your other scrubs. I was expecting this to be of high quality like other cherokee scrubs, but the material is strange and  it shrunk over a complete size the first time I washed it. It also faded really bad. Big disappointment especially from cherokee! This top cost over twice as much as other tops, and I splurged because of the colors and because it was cherokee I figured it would last forever, won't make that mistake again, I guess cherokee has changed.Good
I am very upset, since I received this article is not suitable as I thought.

I have worn it the first time and it is of very poor quality, it has sueded the sole and it has remained on the floor. It is a total embarrassment.

If you could consider me as a refund, since my item is in the abandoned closet.

Please take into consideration in this matter to continue buying with you.

regards

FrankWore 2x and ripped.The foiling on the lady bug's wings on the top came off in the washing machine and stained the suit and other articles of clothing that it was washed with. Got one use out of this suit and had to throw it away.This clip looks very nice. Does not clasp correctly with the plastic insert your in. Takes a struggle to clasp. I gave up.I'm usually a size 18 - 20....this was so huge one...I measured myself and went by the size chart...way off...I even tried a 14 - 16 and that was too large.I ordered a size up and it still fit like a wet suit.Didn't fit. Way too smallThese shoes run large amd do not come in a half size. I wear an 8 1/2  to a 9. So I ordered the 9. They are to big. I have been wearing them any way and LOVE the suport and comfort they give. So I just orded my self another pair but in an 8 this time. I am excited to get them in.

Well they came in and do fit well in a size smaller and are comfortable but I am very disapointed. These shoes straps stain my feet when I wear them. At the price point I paid for these shoes They should not be like this.These look nice, and upon receipt they look like they're made well--until you try to put your glasses in them.  THEY ARE UNUSABLE FOR THEIR INTENDED PURPOSE BECAUSE THE LINING INSIDE ONLY GOES 2/3 OF THE WAY DOWN--NOT THE WHOLE LENGTH OF THE CASE AS IT SHOULD.  SO- GLASSES WILL ONLY GO IN 2/3 OF THE WAY--MEANING THEY HANG OUT THE TOP AND THE TOP WON'T CLOSE.  Did ANYONE actually check them for usability?  It's like "short-sheeting" a bed!  I bought two and was very disappointed because they would have been perfect--I was even going to embroider and personalize them.
Save your money!An xtra large seems to have a B cup top size and im a C. Its material up top is less material that it appears to be in the image. This is definitely NOT a plus size bikini.
But if you are smaller than an xtra large, it should look and fit pretty good. The bottoms fit a little small but not enough that i won't be able to wear them.of extremely poor quality shoes look like slippers, but they are cheap is not worth even pay the shipping not recommend them.Nice fabric but way tooo small. Please get the sizes right!!The sandal is good for the normal male's foot.  My son has a very thick foot and the toe thong and the straps were very, very tight.The metal eyelet  that was around the part that goes in between your toes hurt underneath couldn't wear them had to return them.I bought the brown n orange with blue face for like 79, yet this is listed for 3.5x higher price... none of the watches in this line are selling this high... what's up.Pretty good quality but they roll completely down even after I measured my thighs before ordering. Will be returning.I ordered a size 4 and received a size 8. It looks ridiculous on me... 5'3, 106lbsToo bunchy, short, and is having an identity crisis: it can't decide if it's too large or small, based on the billowing fabric in the chest and skirt, yet small waistband.The first time I wore this shoe, the sole ripped off in the front. I was very surprised with the quality; I'd had better experience with this company in the past. Would love to get a refund but the item can no longer be returned.The style and look of this shoe is great but I was disappointed by the quality. I purchased these shoes from amazon in March 2014 and by May 2014 the stitching on the back of one shoe started to come apart.  I wore these shoes maybe once a week since they arrived and I expect wear and tear with any shoe but not so soon with ones I don't wear everyday.  I contacted the manufacturer and was told to contact the seller (Amazon), both did nothing for me. This is the first and last time I will be spending my money on Ted Baker shoes.It's packed in a bag so it arrives very wrinkly, especially the hat which is way too big.  And the cleaning directions say you cant machine wash or iron it so your options on getting the wrinkles out are small.  The false shirt front doesn't have an adjustable collar so it hangs really loosely and looks kind of weird, had to tighten it with a rubber band in the back.  There's also no strap to keep the bottom of the shirt attached so anytime you lean forward the shirt front dangles away from you.Love the look of the boot but would not buy them again.  The quality is not the best.  The inside liner ripped about 2 months into having them.The size fit as expected for me my main issue is that I bought these in December of 2015 and they wore out at the end of June 2016! The inside shredded and all I did was wear them! After blisters on my heals and even toes (after 6 months of wear) I expected a lot more from $50.00 shoes.. Extremely disappointed with my first pair of DC's.product is extremely small, cheap and took forever to ship. Would return but not worth the shipping charge.Zipper broke after only being washed twice.These are ok. They run about a full size smaller and a width narrower than all of other reefs I have had.Came brokeI own 4 other pairs of Sanuk footwear. I purchased the same size this time and they are uncomfortably small. When comparing side by side to the older footwear they are obviously at least 1 - 2 sizes smaller. Very disappointed.Sole isn't very thick, I've actually been wearing my Skechers still as I work in a shop with concrete floor and after some hours my toes start hurting in The Sorels, even with double socks and it's only 30. Im not sure if I would use these on a snowy weekend hike but they would be good for Day stuff and dog walks.

UPDATE: I have worn them now a total of 4 times, in the 2 months I've had them. Took them in the dry snow and they did fine, however Today I stood in a puddle that was 3-4 inches deep, to the second pair of eyelets, and within 30 seconds I could feel the water coming through the nylon tongue. I am not happy. Within one minute my feet were wet. This shouldn't happen with $80 snow boots. I am revising to one starI wanted a cute sneaker for walking around this summer, something not athletic looking or too trendy (like those awful wedge sneakers). This looked perfect - I loved the simplicity & the perforated look. I am usually a 5 or 5.5 but I know DV runs small & have other shoes by them in a 6. Unfortunately, these have a terrible fit! They are long enough to be a 6 (leaving a bit of room at my heel or toes which I could live with) but these were unbearably tight at the exact point where your foot bends when you walk. I walked around my apartment with them & they're not just uncomfortable, they downright hurt! Definitely no long walks in these. I couldn't size up because then they would be too big everywhere else. Such a shame. I give it 2 stars for sheer cuteness. If you hap[pen to have an extremely narrow foot then these may be for you.I am not happy. It looks like it was previously owned.  The watch was ticking. The strap was worn.  I am very dissatisfied.it ripped as soon as i put it on i guess because it was to small but it should be stretchy enoughThe mane was really itchy. My daughter complained about the itch and it kept coming off in her eyes and mouth.  Disappointed!Really thin material, seems cheaply made. I wear it around the house only.Fit perfectly but were the most uncomfortable shoes I've owned so far. They wore out after 1 day. The gel insole came out after a few hours of wear, leather on the toes cracked and peeled, heels began to pull away from shoe. I threw them in the trash by the end of the day.Dr. Scholl's shoes have a narrow heel that is curved - I'm sure there's a scientific reason for it, but my foot doesn't feel stable in these shoes and the roll out, putting stress on my ankles. Not worth the fatigue or risk of misstep.They are cute sandals and after wearing them 1 time they started falling apart, its not worth the shipping to return them so im stuck with a pair of sandals that i wore once. ill have to try and fix them myself.I have wide feet but 12 ee was to wide, loose.
Toes came with dents at no extra charge, both boots have dents on the toe area not huge but dent none the less.I only wore these shoes a couple times and it's already thorn on the side so much that I can't wear it again. Very disappoint!!!I have three pairs of Toms, all size 9.5 and all fit perfectly.  I ordered these in the same size and they were way to small.  I couldn't even fit my foot inside the shoe.  Sadly, they will be returned.Where are my daggers?!? I need those daggers!!I even ordered a size larger than usual and they were still too small. This is a bad product. Do not order.Too small, This item should not be advertised and sold as women clothing  I would say petite size is more accurate
I gave it to my daughter to wear as a topExcited to wear these but they're just too big and bulky.Garbage. Wore it maybe a handful of times and then it became impossible to change the day of the week, which was always incorrect.I am on the shorter side. The leggings went up to my underwear..I think they are super long.The sizes listed are not the same as the sizes it comes in when you get it. Good quality but if you're larger than a 40D do not buy.Don't really like anything besides the color. I don't like the feel of it. When I move and bend the shirt slides up and i need to pull it down constantly. I like the spalding pants so much... Guess il just have to stick to that. I won't be buying their shirts again.This is a total ripoff. If this is a genuine Lily Grace T-shirt I am Elizabeth Taylor. I own several REAL Lily Grace T-shirts and this one is not even close. The fabric is flimsy, the stitching is irregular, the tag is not printed as it is on real Lily Grace shirts, but is sown on, and -- like all clothing that comes from China -- IT STINKS. It smells like petroleum. There is no pocket on this T-shirt; genuine Lily Grace T-shirts have a pocket. The design on this shirt is on the front; Lily Grace designs are on the back. The Web site listing on Amazon for this shirt does not say this seller is from China -- but the package arrived today:  from China. Lily Grace T-shirts are made in Indonesia, not China. This is counterfeit merchandise and I can't believe Amazon is allowing it to be sold on its Web site. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT OR ANYTHING ELSE FROM THIS SELLER.Bathing suit arrived with Mitch matching sides. Cup size extremely small and bathing suit was broken on sides. Went straight in the garbage.My daughter has had these for about 3 weeks now. Last night the soul of the boot started to fall off. I also noticed the stitching all around the boot was starting to fray. I was able to get a replacement from Amazon and hopefully the new pair will hold up better.

I know kids are hard on shoes and that's why I wanted to get her higher quality boots. These did not hold up as well as shoes from Payless.Cheep stretchy material, not satin, also Not elbow length, about the only truth in the
listing was that they are black, Good for strippers maybe, overpriced junkHuge face. Not for small wrists. Died within a month.I ordered an xxl in Men's clothing. It is X small in KIDs size.  Total jokeSmaller than I thought it would beCompletely different than what was ordered.  Apparently providing any sort of mustach is viewed as ok even if it is brown (I irdered black) and handlebar (I ordered plain).  My son will look much different than the character he is supposed to play.I bought this shoe and wore it for 6 weeks. I play about 3 times a week, but that is still no excuse for the bottom of the shoe ripping off. The shoe became unwearable and I cannot return them. I highly do not recommend these shoes and have never had a basketball shoe fall apart in less than a year, let alone 6 weeks. If you purchase these, I hope yours stay intact for a much longer time.I am usually a size 2 and hoped these would be roomy. They are not.Awesome shoes, well made BUT :-
Only problem i have is they smell after wearing for long period in moderate temperatures, not even summer here in Canada yet.
I know not a problem on my side as i wear a year old newton ridge ii and similar 6" waterproof shoes everyday for 8-12 hours at work , also have redwing steel toes for work
Never had this problem with other shoes
It bothers me so much that i only wear them maybe once a week and avoide wearing them at work.Was not at all what I expected from a Bulova watch.  Felt very cheap, the band felt like paper, and is extremely thin, and the face of the watch is very small and had a fragile feel.  Will be returning.Sizes run a little bigger than ur actual size I should have got a large.I hate this shoe and gave it away.I mean I should have expected it. The bottoms fit like underwear but like so tight it wasn't cute. It made me look like I hat 4 butt cheeks.I love the print, the material was rougher than I expected and way to large.fell apart in a weekThis is not American sizes.  You really need to be skinny for this.  If your have a athletic physique in the upper body and are well endowed this jacket is not for us.  Overall it was beautiful!!I was so excited about these shoes but when I received them they were too heavy for him to walk in.  I couldn't get him to wear them.Came with a hole in the front of the pants plus another hole in the left pocket.
Thanks!! Now people can stop guessing what color my underwear is!!You get what you pay for.I bought 1/2 size larger based on the reviews. But the shoes still have all the issues reported by others: the heel side piece, elastic side, and the adjustable strap are irritating. Returned them right the way. I prefer ZeroGrand brand better from ColeHaan.I'm a small girl, but this bra was too small for me!I ordered these for my husband who is a size medium. We ended up giving them to his friend who is a 2x and he said they fit him perfectly.I owned this brand and assumed the cup size would be just the same but that was not the case.  However, this is a beautiful bra.  The color is vibrant and beautiful.It was way to small I ordered  a M 8-10 and it was more like a small 4-6Pants are way to big. .. I would suggest buying a size smallerAvsenme cuando depositen el dineroWore once and the post broke. Very disappointed! The posts are too thin.Cheap cheap material. Twisted after a few washes. Like the cheap tshirts from ROSS that you can only wear once, maybe 2xs if lucky? BUT. extremely comfortable, cheap & fits as expected. Positive note: if it gets too misshapen, they are so comfortable, just wear around the house! My new PJs!Too large and terrible fabricI loved these boots as soon as I tried them on. I only wore them out once though, the second time I went to wear them out I noticed the stitching on the outer layer in the back of the boot was coming undone. I am sending them back.Tried a pair on when they first came, fit great! Threw them all in the wash and only 2 of the 5 pairs fit. The other 3 shrunk a couple sizes! Just what a pregnant woman needs! The pairs that do fit are super comfy and love that they don't fold down under my bump like my normal underwear do.it was a rubbishso poorThese socks are comfortable and keep your feet dry, but have zero durability.

I bought 4 packs of these a couple months ago and have already had to toss over half of them because they've torn or developed holes.

The non-lite version seem to last a lot longer. I guess I'll stick with those.I ordered this jacket as a Medium size, and it seems to be an Extra-Large. I could not wear it because it was so oversized. The pricing is also too high for a jacket of this quality and the obvious failings that it comes with. Pockets are plentiful, however the side pockets are not easy to put your hands in, and they provide almost no insulation so you will need gloves in cold weather.

Feels waterproof and protective against the wind, but the material is stiff and feels cheap for its price. Inner layer is comfortable yet a little too thin.

Overall, an average jacket that is overpriced and has sizing issues. Will not recommend this unless you order one size down and are willing to shell out the $90 or so for a jacket that has decent waterproof/windproof capabilities.So this looks great right? What is that crap around the edge of the shoe? It looks like a duck's mouth. It is as if I am wearing flippers? Aren't Us designers traveling to Europe at all? Why do I have to pay $1000 each year to go buy shoes in Italy and Greece?Just got these in the mail today...I used Amazon instead of Zappo's, so it took soooo much longer, but that wasn't a huge deal. BUT...the horribly annoying "squishy" sound these make with every single step I take is making me send them straight back. I'm a *frequent* Keen customer and have never had a pair that was so LOUD. I walk a LOT in my job as a kindergarten teacher and I know that sound (almost like you're stepping on an air mattress with every step) will make me hate these shoes. Too bad, because the fit (1/2 size up from my regular size) is perfect and I think it's a really cute shoe. I'd recommend Keen shoes, but not this pair.This is the worst fitting pair of New Balance shoes I have ever purchased.  They did  not fit well and even looked  sub par when I removed them from the box.  They almost seemed like a cheap knock-off.  I would not recommend this particular shoe.  I have it packed and ready for return
shipmentDon't fit too small  were a Christmas gift hate having to return them hate having to return merchandise this sucksFit: Tighter in the thigh than the old classic fit. I bought 3 pairs and they all fit differently.
Fabric: Way too soft. It feels like a cheap flannel shirt; kind of limp. Out of the dryer they remind me of very thin sweat pants.
Not very happy with this new version of my old favorite.As with some other reviews these slip up and down my heel the whole time they are on, not going to work for me.This had a really strange fit and chafes after a few hours of wearing it. I would never buy another one of these brasA couple of them broke off from the metal base in less than 2 monthsI molded them as directed, but they would not stay in place, too heavy I think.  So for the price, very disappointed as I was not able to wear them to my event.The string will not tighten my pants it's very weird !  The elastic back is great !Product was not delivered as promised.  The attachable butterflies, specified by the description, were not included.The brown 8s pretty much black! BewareBought to wear with halter dress.  Used the invisible straps as the halter straps made the bra fit funny with gaps.  Half way through the night the left strap snapped at the hook closure in the front.  The band was uncomfortably tight and if you are buying would size up your band size.  All in all not a good purchase.We ordered this costume for a family Ghostbusters theme and it came missing the inflatable backpack. Rubies has not been helpful in resolving this issue.I read the reviews and I usually wear a medium but ordered a large because so many complained how small they fit. Are you serious??? First off it doesn't even look like the picture! The shoulders had big poofy fabric that seriously looks ridiculous! Second it's too big! Third it took so long to ship to me and fourth--I am not wasting my money sending it back! Save your money and order something else.It would be helpful if the seller had stated whether or not the item was in American sizing or from another country with a size comparison chart.  I noticed that it was shipped from China, but even ordering a couple sizes bigger than I would wear to ensure its fit, it was nowhere near big enough; I am a size 2X and I ordered a 4X. When I received the garment, it was almost as if it had been made for a large doll than for a person. I am very disappointed.Horrible quality.  I could have done much better with my home printer and an iron on kit from the office supply store. Unwearable.  Very disappointed.  The vendor offered $5 off.  It was not even worth that.Drawing disappeared after first wash. so disappointed it was like hand painted by the smell it had when it arrived, that's why I immediately washed it and when i saw did not have picture anymoreI wore these shoes 3 to 4 days a week for about 3-4 mos, and the bottom cletes and even the outer sole at the heel wore through, i personally found them very comfortable, but now they're pretty much useless.  I heard good things about Skechers from friends, this was my first pair.  They came at a good price, but not worth it, unless you just need some nice looking, comfortable shoes around to wear once every few weeks.  Hope they're(Skechers)not all this cheaply made in this style.This was not flattering. The material is not the greatest so shows every flaw. If you're curvy, do not purchase. I'm 28, size 10 and DD. Ordered a lg and no bueno.Nothing like the picture disappointedGlasses are not what they appear in the photo.  Poor quality.These earrings are simply beautiful. Sadly, I was unable to wear them because of the round ball on the end of the pin. It simply wouldn't go through my ear. I've never had this issue with a pair of earrings. I missed the cut off date for return (one day late!!) which makes me hesitant to order again. If I'd bought these at a store front I would be able to return them.Ok quality, but they run small!Looks good, but too much lining. When you open or close the lining gets stuck in the zipper. First time I opened it the zipper was so caught I almost ripped a hole in it. I wanted to send it back but don't want to waste any more money on shipping. Wouldn't buy again from this company.Really love these boots. They are very cute and comfortable. The fit is as expected for rainboots. However, I am very disappointed that the soles have separated from the rest of the boot after only 2-3 wears. I found this out the hard way, while walking through my flooded front yard when my sock started to soak. I was not expecting to have any issues with the quality, and I'm going to try to return them.Breaking every time I wear it. I don't abuse it either. Buttons don't work anymore.Do not buy anything from these bait and switch artists! Worse shopping experience I've had to date, their product is too small and the graphics are bootleg quality at best; the colors were cheap and mostly black! I reported the problem and all these scam artists said was to keep their product because it's cheaply made!! They are trying to refund me 5 stinking dollars!!!! Save yourself the trouble, it's frustrating that I have to rate it with a star at all.While this strapless bra may work for some, however, my breasts are way too big.  Chest measurement was adequate but coverage was not enough.The inside portion of the sole is extremely rough and scrapes against your foot when wearing it.  Design and/or manufacturing very poor, uncomfortable and if worn a long time, will result in sores.  Otherwise, nice looking sandal, (unsure about long term durability as I could barely walk across my living room and back) just poorly finished.  Also, very small - I'm a 10.5 foot and ordered 13s they're between just right and only slightly long.poor quality, broke, you get what you pay for....The moment I turned it ON, the second hand stopped after 1 turns. I thought the battery is the cause, after spend 10 bucks to change the battery, it still doesn't work. So disappointed.Cute but cheaply made, One shoe doesn't look like the other.This suit just fit odd.  The crochet wasn't even on the stomach so it looked like I had two large holes where there shouldn't have been.Very bad quality. This is the 3rd time I use it and the black painting is already removing. It looks old :(, Im not happy with this product.Love the look and construction and feel but significantly undersized. Additionally the size is not marked on the bra.  I ordered this online because a 34 D is difficult to find for a reasonable price. I was very disappointed.The costume served it's purpose, and my kids liked it, but I'm giving it 2 stars because the knee pads wouldn't stay on and the helmets were absolutely terrible!!The strap broke within an hour of me wearing it....the color in the pic does not match the color of the actual bag. i ordered the mustard color but when it arrived it's really a dark dark mustard maybe even brownish yellow. It's the color of timberland boots. So be careful.I am totally not impressed with the shoe stretchers. They are very very difficult to adjust. The heel stretcher has a plastic threading that runs through the wood threads that if you don't lubricate them with something (I used beeswax leather conditioner ) they are next to impossible to get to turn and adjust. If you have any type of arthritis forget about it. To adjust the toe adjustment I have to use another tool to apply leverage on the metal lever towards the back of the units. My wife purchased a set for her shoes but she has not the strength to use them. I have to do the adjusting for her. Keep looking. Got to be something better out thereThe size runs too small.They must have changed these. They used to be thick and nice but these ripped instantly and didn't go up past my hipbones. Too small and cheap.didn't fit really well  too tightStraps Fell apart in 60 days of normal wear.  Second pair to last less than 1 year.  Switched to Teva'sToo thin and maleable of material for what it is. Just a little bend in any of the ring components makes it useless. The one I purchased tarnished quickly and was bent beyond fixing just from general purpose wear. I suggest anyone who wants this to continue looking. There are some on Amazon that are of beefier construction.IVE had several pairs of Crocs with holes in them, these don't have the holes and my feet sweat so bad they were wet and looked fungus like after a few hours. No other shoe ever in my experience made my feet so sweaty.-low quality fabric
-poor button holes (had to cut many, many strings)
-shorter sleeves on the xl than any of my large shirts
-not very well priced for such a low quality shirt

I purchased four shirts from this brand over Amazon.  All four exhibited the same problems.  Buy more established brands with better quality control.After only a month or so, the stitching all came off of the sole so  it would no longer hold the rubber to the slipper top. I was shocked by the poor construction for such an expensive slipper. I will not buy this brand again!Fabric is very cheap and thin.if I could give zero stars I would. Okay the ring was beautiful when I first got it. It was the wrong size so I contacted the seller. They said they would mail me the right size. I was fine with that. So the ring that didn't fit I have it to my step daughter that way we have matching rings... 3 days of wearing the ring and not taking it off her finger turn green. I would add a picture but I don't know how on AmazonTHIS DRESS WAS DEFEATED THE SHREE WAS NOT EVEN. ONE SIDE LONGER THEN THE OTHER PLUS HAD PINK STAIN ON THE BOTTOMThe medium size bag didn't survive the first trip to the airport, let alone the flight. While wheeling the luggage to the terminal, the luggage strap caused the hook to rip off and tear the surrounding plastic. The carryon bag started to fall apart while going through TSA - parts of the bag, like the rubber bumpers, fell off while the bag was on the conveyor belt. The large bag was crushed in multiple locations and one of the wheels was literally crushed into the bag; there was very little plastic that was still intact - the wheel was nearly torn off the bag. Six months after I bought this set, two domestic flights and one international trip, now I have to toss them in the garbage and buy replacement luggage. Definitely not purchasing this brand again!Boots arrived late and he box was some what damaged. They were a bit snug at first. After only having then for 2 weeks the health on the left boot has ripped. The rubber no the heals is not durable. The heals when you walk are very squishy. The color on the souls rubber up easily. I wouldn't recommend buying this product at all. I will be asking for a refund or returning this product.Small bra with extenders sent not happy would not reorder.Too smallMuch too long--covers my pants  pockets which is a pain in the butt playing golf--can't get to tees, ball markers, etc.Fake<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/New-Balance-Women-s-WX857-Cross-Training-Shoe/dp/B0098G1Y6G/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">New Balance Women's WX857 Cross-Training Shoe</a>&nbsp;Both my husband and I have worn New Balance shoes for YEARS!  We both have always ordered our appropriate size.  In my case, 7N.  I ordered the New Balance shoe, from Amazon on August 24, 2014, in my normal size and it was too small.  I reordered the shoe, through Amazon on September 1, 2014, in a 8B and it is still too small.

My husband had the same experience through an outside vendor.  When he ordered his New Balance shoes he ended up returning them and purchased a whole size larger and wider.

Why is New Balance manufacturing their shoes smaller?  (The shoes weren't cheap-$83.00)So cheaply made.  Not worth the money.  The bones are shiny plastic and don't look real at all.Not only was the size a little off (no biggie she will grow) the color assortment I got was a huge disappointment mostly white with a couple of pastels thrown in it was NOTHING like the image represented.Boyfriend really wanted this watch for christmas. Although it is a beautiful watch, the pin on the link that attaches to the watch itself, was broken when we opened the box and i had to take it into a watch repair store and have them replace it. Not the end of the world, but if i am paying over $100 on a watch it better work. I am a little disappointed in purchasing from the company but my boyfriend is very pleased with the style of the watch. Very cool Sherlock-homes looking style. you can see all the gadgets working inside. Pretty neat.I was totally fooled by the photo. I thought these bags were much bigger. I should have known based on the price. The largest one is about 9x12 inches.I just got my order and the sizes run small so I sent it back for a refund. I liked the way they looked and the size I picked was correct its just they run small.This style Hanes t-shirt fits smaller than other Hanes t-shirt. It is unwearable.very disappointed it was very dull looking the picture makes it look very shiny and it wasn't that way at all.This coat was a lot thinner than expected. We live in Wisconsin and this in no way would stop the winter chill from hitting! Works nice as a 'dress up' coat for special occasions but definitely not an all winter long coat. Expect sweatshirt thickness. Returned coat and continued our hunt to find something to fight this Wisconsin winter!I bought this watch in August of 2011.  I had no problems with the size and weight of this watch although it is big and heavy.  I may have only wore this watch no more than twenty times over the past three years and now it is broke and not worth fixing.  I thought I was being scammed when I thought the battery was dead and the repairman told me that the movement was shot.  I got a second opinion with the same exact result, broken movement!  What a joke, this watch is all show and no go.  My everyday Casio is going strong even with the abuse I give it from being a building contractor.  The Invicta watch came with a one year warranty with an application for a platinum plan (extended warranty) which is sold at an additional cost of $28.00.  Why pay for an extended warranty when you can buy a Timex Expedition watch for the same of the extended warranty knowing that the Timex will take a licking and keep on ticking.  This will be my first and last watch from Invicta.Shoes look nice but they are too narrow and are very uncomfortable.They fit fine at first, just a little large. After wearing them for about an hour, my feet were sliding out of them, and they were killing me. I've never had this problem with Nina dress shoes before. I'll probably not be buying Nina's again.I gave this ring to my sister last year for Christmas and she loved it.  Unfortunately, the ruby fell out of the setting after about six months.  She did not realize it at the time and could not find the stone when she did notice it was missing.  She was very disappointed.The product is great; but I got sent the wrong color. It was listed as black/blue and turned out to be black/purple and shiny silver. Someone must be color blind.I wore it for an hour an the anchor fell off somewhere.WAY too large a large was more like a 2xxThe size is completely off!!!!!!  My daughter is 13.5.  Ordered 1.5 and still too small.  Horrible!Shoes were actually comfortable and true to size (length and width).  However, they looked as though they were "second hand".  They appeared to have been previously worn! It wasn't just a "natural appearance of the leather.  They were dull and scuffed?I got these in 3 different colors; taupe, dark gray and white and all are exactly like the stock photos. The paddings are stitched crooked in each one and I should of returned them. I instead took out the paddings and made a slit to be able to wear them with or without padding. For reference I'm petite, 5'1", 98Ibs and 34A and they fit fine. It didn't do much for my already non-existent chest, but after a long 8-12 hour wear the laces start to make me itch! So I only wear these for short amount of hours and not in hot humid days. I wish I just returned them, I am not getting as much used as I thought I would have and I've had these for awhile. They just sit in my bra collection collecting dust.Too smallI was disappointed in the size..smaller than I expected, as well as the silver tone. It is much shinier than the photo.Cant seem to get comfortable with these shoes, have tried different sizes yet they are not stylish and comfortable at the same time.These did not work out for us. The part that links the back and front together would never line up right.For some reason the straps are stretched out. Size 8 typically fits perfectly.Too big. I needed 18k gold studs because I was having some ear infections and found that I didn't have any. Wanted the smaller ones but they weren't available. Gave them away.Do not like the feel and the bag should be bigger to securely hold the shoe.cheap quality
Bad Fit
Total Crapnot true to sizeRuns smallNo way did these stickers begin to adequately cover a woman's nipple. Maybe it was never intended for women but sure did not get that in the description.Very very tight get a size bigger than you usually wear.According to the size chart that you provided, the 5XL vest,  should go from 50" to 53" at the waist. which is perfect for me. But the one I receive is close to 63" at the waist, chest, everywhere... Is way too big for me. I look like a Gangsta Rapper from the 90's. I'm going to have to expend more money to have it fix.I purchased these slippers from a high end shoe store and was very happy with the comfort and quality AT FIRST.  The within a couple months, the lining of the slippers shed and there were noticeable bare spots on one of the slippers.  I contacted UGG and they had me send the slippers back (they also charged me $20) and they sent me a replacement pair.  Guess what?  a few months in and the bare spots are back!  The lining does not last at all.  I am very disappointed as I own several pairs of UGG boots and I love them.  These slippers are definitely not worth the money.  Target sells a similar slipper for $19.99....I would recommend those over these for sure!COULD NOT EVEN GET MY FOOT TO GO PAST THE SLOUCHY PART OF THE BOOT - I THINK THEY WOULD FIT IF I COULD JUST GET THEM ON!!  COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY - I GOT A SIMILAR PAIR IN BLACK AND THEY FIT FINE - THIS PAIR IS A
BIG BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!Very cheaply made. I got the one with the gold in it, but when I received it, it looks like it's tarnished. It doesn't look like the picture. The chain isn't that great either and it smells bad. What do I expect for $5 plus shipping? Oh well.Great price but fell apart before the night ended. Didn't expect much. But expected it to lay more then a few hours.I wanted a purse to carry my billfold, checkbook, and glasses.  This came really close, but the zipper is a quarter to half an inch too short which made it difficult to jam these items into the purse. They fit inside, but were hard to get through the opening.  I later got an REI purse exactly the same size but with a longer entry zipper, and my standard sized checkbook, etc., go in easily.
It also got dirty very quickly and did not clean up easily.
Otherwise handy and lots of pockets.No where in the description did it say USED dance shoes. I was expecting brand new shoes, but I received used shoes in bad shape. These are being returned.Xl looks like a xsThese are JUNK.  Overpriced for quality.  Bought down a size and they are completely sloppy and not good for anything except taking the dogs out.Just received my bag and it looks used.  For the amount of money this thing costs... It's unacceptable.Straps are too short and band is also smaller. Fits very tight.They were extremely uncomfortable with no foot support at allSuckstoo thin, not what i expected. so disappointed.Very nice pocket watch but I ordered this for my dad for Christmas, he is a marine but when it came in it was not a marine pocket watch to my surprise it was Air Force!!!! I so wanted to give this to him for Christmas, if I had received the correct one I would have given 5 stars.The hat was damaged. The threading was coming a part. I returned the hat and reordered. The second hat was damaged as well. The hat is beautiful but the stitching is VERY BAD!i am sad to report this product did not work for my baby. He slept like how he does usually, not a minute longer. He woke up three times like every other night.
Positive: It was a very good quality product, and did not overheat my baby. He's very sensitive to heat and sweats easily, but he did not in this suit all night .It's very tight. I had it on only for a few mins and my head began to hurt.Dickies are great pants but they run smallIt was tight an the colour wasn't the same as purchased..This outfit lasted through one wash. It shrunk about two sizes after i washed it so the material is not that sturdy. My daughter only got one wear out of itThe shoe was fine for 6 months, but then the interior started falling apart.  Asics intentionally uses cloth that falls apart after a few months so you will have to buy replacement shoes sooner.  I've had tennis shoes in the past that lasted 2 years, and only recently have they repeatedly fallen apart on the interior.  It's 2016, I'm sure they have fabric that won't fall apart, my shoes in my twenties never fell apart inside.  Therefore, I conclude using weak fabric is an intentional move in the last 10 years to make people constantly spend $150 on new shoes.  I usually buy Asics, but maybe it's time to buy another brand, but I wonder if they all do it?The shoe is wide enough, nicely lined, and a good length. Unfortunately, it's also rigid and inflexible. Impossible to maintain a normal stride in this shoe, as it does not allow my foot to bend. For walking it may be ok, but not for running.Baggy fit and material was stiff, more than usual denim stiffness.Not happy . Make me sweat really fastNot as thick as my originals and not as comfortable but still okay. I love Klogs USA shoe though! Will buy more shoes. My original insole lasted a very long time. Like at least 3 years or more.These are really cute shoes, but they are poorly made. After only 2 wears a hole appeared in the fabric and the top of the back of the shoe was permanently crushed in a weird way simply from having put the shoes on twice.Looks great, but unfortunately, doesnt keep time. However, the return process was seamless, so I applaud Amazon for that.returning loved the look just to tightSoft material however it looked like a night gown. I wouldn't suggest this product.bad watch don't buyThe mechanism to open the umbrella and keep it open broke after using it 3-4 times. Don't waste your money.I purchased this for my dress up  box for my grandchildren; plastic is cheap and soft; hook came loose after one use.the magnetic button fell off within a day, the interior of the bag started disintegrating and then the zipper broke. three months of light use and done.A bid too tight. Its 140mm across. I think I need 142mm just like my reading glasses.Disappointed....changed colors and wasted money.....don't buy......Hated this thing. It curves around your sides bc it's used to being folded in the package. Therefore it doesn't look round from the front. I put cardboard backing on it to make it lay flat and then it barely fit. Wore it for a few hours and now it's headed for the trash. The kids thought it was funny though.Men should not wear these.You get what you pay for! Lesson learned.The mermaid design is not as bold as the picture shows and most of it disappeared the first time it was washed.Picture looks better than the actual product. Very disappointed in this bracelet.Very unsatisfied they are NOT adjustable as advertised they look nothing like the picture and are made of a very cheap material I will be returning these immediately and will not be buying from them againThe workmanship was a bit shoddy. The seams under each armhole on both bras were joined in a triangular fashion (meaning it made a point) and because the seams were fused (versus sewn) the points were stiff and pokey.  The bra also did not "stabilize" very well and the garment over all felt more flimsy than a "high impact" bra for a C-cup should.  The straps were fixed and not adjustable (as specified, to be fair) but perhaps adjustable straps might have helped it fit better.  I returned them.Great shoe but it smells terrible like a tier ,I have them in the garage hopefully the smell will calmI usually wear a size 14, purchased the XL and could barely get it up past my hips. Way too small.A really plush slipper....But....the top shearling is dyed almost orange.  Luckily, my husband did not want to bother to send them back.  But I was disappointed.SmallI thought they would be a little more wider and heavier.
They felt cheap.Waste of your money. Lots of rips, Velcro ripped/ripping, very poor qualityHaving bought diamonds in the past (from local jewelry stores) at the same Carat value I was very disappointed to see that these earrings are almost half the size of what i was expecting. I don't know how they calculate the Carat weight of these diamonds but they are way too small to be 1Ct total value (.5 per earring). Clarity and color are more or less what i was expecting for this price but the size was definitely a big letdown. Trying to figure out whether or not to return them but i will definitely not be buying any diamonds from this seller anymore.Stone fell off after a few months. Band is still relatively untarnished and for a cheap ring, I can't say I didn't expect it. Looked great.Fabric thin. Won't buy again. Will try another manufacturer's product.No no.I liked the sizes of them.. I bought them because I can't have anything in my ear; they itch and burn so I thought this would work out fine.. they didn't work just because they were hypoallergenic they still itched and burned. I can't wear themfits as expanted.not satisfied with me.DO NOT BUY THESE EARRINGS. I bought these with extensive earring familiarity, and I didn't believe the reviews I read. One earring won't screw on all the way, and one earring won't stay tight. It was a waste of my time and money.It's been around two months. The light feature stopped working, fresh batteries were no help. The "saber" itself is very low quality plastic. Though we avoid full on duels, extending the blade into foreign objects (couch, chair, little brothers, me...) Even accidentally warrants inspection and sometimes "popping" the plastic back into formThe ones that came in my package are so small you need a magnifying glass to see them. Much different than the picture and reviews I have been seeing.The collar is not the same as the other Cubavera Bedford shirts I own.  This one has an open top which I don't care for but I had to wear the shirt on a trip so it has already been washed.  The shirt I received was not the one pictured.I've worn these for a month and a half now and the front end of the sole has started to peel off. These are some nice looking boots, but I don't think they were made for actual use. Even before they start to fall apart they won't really do much to keep snow out either. After having and inch of the sole peel off I had to repair them with super glue...yes super glue. I'd recommend going with another brand, Timberland really cheaped out on the production of these. That is unless you're only going to wear them one night and only one night, then they might be perfect. If you are persuaded by all the positive reviewers who submitted reviews after trying them on in their living room THEN AT LEAST MAKE SURE YOU BUY SOME SUPER GLUE.I am always a size 6 and these are too big. I tried to get an exchange after one month and the amazon policy would not allow it. Also , the tags had to be on them still and I took them off expecting that I was gonna be happy with them. I wear two pairs of socks and find my feet sweatingI don't get it.. In the picture you see these worn like pants, with heels and dressy tops. And the description tells you that they are shape fx - push up and controlling. What I got was a pair of black flared leggings. I turned them inside out to check if they have some sort of lining, a double layer, a control top, I mean.. something that gives some shaping. But no, they are a thin, single layer of lycra, therefore a simple legging. Maybe if you wear some spanx or shaper under them they could look better, or maybe if you have a model's body. But if you're like me, with chunky thighs, a little "hippy", a curvy butt.. these leggings don't do anything. And I got them in medium, I weigh 150lbs. so It's not like I'm huge or anything. And another thing.. in the pictures you don't see that the lycra has a sheen to it, especially if you catch sunlight or at night. They give you a shiny line on your thighs, and I don't know about the other reviewers'opinions, but this is not good! How can you pretend to be wearing fitted "pants"? People will tell you're wearing lycra. And in my opinion, if you're going to wear a legging, you should wear it with a loose top or a tunic, but not with regular tops. These are not pants!! Bottom line : They are thin, revealing, shiny, overpriced leggings. The only reason I'm giving them 2 stars instead of 1, it's because of the bootcut/flared hem.. which is unusual to find.It' ripped easilyway too smallI was excited about the color, so I purchased the dress.  Per the size guide, I ordered a Large.  When I tried it on, it zipped up without a problem.  Unfortunately, it had a couple of awkward features that guarantee that I will never wear it.

1.)  The "waist" of the dress hits me at just below the end of my ribcage.
2.)  This is not a dress for a woman with a full bust.  My 34F's ended up somewhere near my chin.
3.)  The arm openings are not made for women whose arms are muscular.  Mine looked like fat sausages, even though I'm in decent shape.
4.)  The fabric is a muddier color than presented onscreen, and it wrinkles very easily.

I ended up giving this dress to a shorter friend of mine (5'2") with the same ribcage size as me, but who had barely an A-cup, and she looked fabulous.

TL; DR:  If you're short and flat, go for it.  If you're average-to-tall and/or stacked, move on.The clip broke before the rehearsalThis item wasn't what I was expecting at all. It was large, when I was looking for something delicate and sparkly. Definitely returned it as I would never wear it.This t shirt is a 100% copy of a very well known and copyrighted photo of the singer. Therefore it breaks international copyright and intellectual property laws.This top is huge.  I even sized down.  Top has no shape whatever.uncomfortable foot bedI am not satisfied with the product, who sold me the watch with the strap damaged and I need me accountable for my product I bought this product because I was new and I want my new and perfect watchHabitually I purchased a large instead of a medium with these. Even so, they are very thin and any sort of bending done in these will reveal more than most of us would like. I have other pairs by Sketchers brand that are great but not this pair. I would not recommend these.Still ain't wut u show them to look like on yur site do I'm not happy at all they look like pants my 93 yr old grandmother would n should wearDid not like this product at all. It change colors after two uses. Do not recommendI seen it said 100% pre shrunk cotton but I wasn't aware that it was more of formed fitted almost like polyester. Awesome shirt just wish I could wear it. On another note the short came early and was exactly what I ordered. No ones fault but mine I should've checked into it a little better.Cheaply made!Don't waste your money. Overall, the shirt is much shorter than pictured, even in the size Large that I ordered. Also, the armpit holes are HUGE and gap out awkwardly. Even still, the back is very open and when tied tight still gaps very wide. The pic of the girl shown must be in a giant size and pinned everywhere. Waste of money!Too large and I'm a size small.I received this product and after wearing it for the second time, the clear ends no longer went into the steel part of the tongue ring.Come in wayyy smaller then other shirts and stuff so whatever you think you wear get it 2 sizes up before buying itIt doesn't even fully cover my ears. It fits more a child's head.
I was very disappointed by this purchase.I ordered two of these necklaces for my twins and had been saving them to give them as a surprise, I didn't realize that there was a close on the option to return on the 19th. Within five minutes of giving my girls their necklaces one of them broke .  Super bummed :(These shoes were really cute. Unfortunately, my normal shoe size did not work with this shoe. It was very large and no arch support. I wouldn't have even been able to wear with thick socks. However, the inside of the shoe is divine. I returned.Really liked, yes it felt cheap but was cute and didn't look cheap with the right outfit.  After wearing twice, the links started to separate because they all have openings.  Don't buy unless you plan to wear it once.Much bigger than expected. I wish they would have included the size. I can't wear these they are too big and heavy. :(So bummed bought this jacket  and just wearing it for the first time and the pocket ripped ! How is that possibleDid not like this charm.  It doesn't look like the beach in real life.  Wasn't impressed.  Did not give it as a Christmas gift as planned.The first time I tried to put this pair of earrings on, the clasp that holds the post in on the back of the earring broke off. It was unfortunately after the return date, so I have wasted $55.00. I will not buy from Amazon Curated Collection again. VERY disappointed.Dont buy the product... You will never get this productI still can't believe this is a pair of lee jeans., especialy compared to those I bought in China.Broke after first time using it.it rippedMuch too tight in size medium on the stomach. I have very normal measures.An XL was way too small.  I had a coworker try it on that wears a size 6 in women's and it fit her perfectly.  XL should be no less than a size 12!This gown was so tightly packed that I had no way at all to get out the wrinkles. What you see in the pictures and what I received were as different as night and day. Anyone would be better off spending the extra $5.00 and buying it from Target with no wrinkles. YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR......I GOT FAR LESS THAN WHAT I PAYED FOR!Shoe fits perfectly except the ankle strap is way tooooo short.The idea behind these is brilliant....small, easy to carry, simple to put on.  The first couple of days I tried them I thought they were terrific.  But even on flat ground they will not stay on your feet.  After they literally FLEW off my feet while walking up the sidewalk, I gave up and tossed them in the trash.  Don't waste your money.  I now have Stablicers and am very happy with them.Poorly constructed.very cheaply made, beads had already fallen off in the bag when I received it, but I didn't have any extra time to buy a ne one before Halloween , I had a hard time keeping it on my head even after I bobby pinned it into my hair, and lost it by the end of the night, I would not purchase againI returned them.This belt is fake. I just got mines but it's not what they showed on the pic. I do not recommend itThese shoes are so pretty.  If you have ankles the size of an elephant's they may work.  They fit in the length, but the ankle strap was about 1" too long and they looked ridiculous.  I'm sure it would have been a problem if I had tried to walk around in them.  Maybe I got a defective pair?Not worth the money. What am iI going to do with the remaining 12 tags? I thinI hear that I hear the garbage calling.I have compartmental syndrome. These shoes did not make the pain go away for long distance running, but they help a lot with jump roping and box jumps! I have now had these shoes approx. a month and the plastic mint colored part on the front is separating from the fabric! I am so disappointed!!! I really like these shoes and wish they had lasted longer!!I've had two pairs of these. Very pretty shoes but the inside fell apart after a few wearings and they were ruined. Not recommended.Cheap see through material. Not as expected. I have this dress in multicolor, but the white looks grey. Would not recommend white.I am size 18 and xl is huge on me but otherwise great productThe ring was cheap looking for the cost.  Sent it back.I thought I loved the coat when it came because it looks just like pic. and it seemed as though it was a good buy. Two months after wearing this coat the sleeve started to unravel at the seam and the coat pockets fell off/ripped. The zipper does not work any longer. You get what you pay for....if the deal seems to good to be true, then it probably is! I learned my lesson, again!It is not a very sturdy / high quality tool. It is loose and rattles a lot. If you have one watch, and you don't mind that you'll probably scratch up the back of your watch with this, then go for it. If you have several watches, or if any of them are particularly expensive, invest in a better high quality tool.No pockets. The picture makes it look like there are pockets. However, there aren't. It's just made that way to look like there are pockets. Lame.Cute dress but runs super small.The style of the coat is nice but thr materieal and worrkmanship is cheap,I  really liked the design and the feel of this shirt but this should not be listed as adult sizes. The xl ( which was bought for my husband) hardly fit my female neighbor, who wears a woman's small.I first saw this jewelry box at a local shop and I wanted to get it for my daughter.  Unfortunately, as the first reviewer stated, the images on the box are the opposite of how they appear on the packaging:  the girl with the kitten is on the backside of the box instead of the front and so the winding mechanism goes right through her head.  Does anyone know if the company is still producing this particular box and if they've corrected this going forward?  I would buy this if the box was as pictured.Not true to size.These are crazy huge. Our 12/13 are so small toes poking out of top and these size 1 won't even stay on his feet. Extra 1/2 inch all around.Not up to par with the regular supportive danskosThey tore through the sole after a couple weeks of normal wear.very comfortableLooks very cheap!!!Bought these a while ago. First time wearing the back seam ripped. Yes they're cheap but I've literally had them on for the workday and just noticed it. Who knows how long I've been walking around with a torn shoe today.There is a hard rib of plastic from the toe piece extending about two inches along the top of the strap that digs into the top of my foot. Soles: very comfortable. Strap: ouch.Insoles have come out of both since the first wear.  Won't buy these again.Sadly disappointed. These shoes lasted about 6 months before falling completely apart. They were worn 2-3 times a week. Now they're junk. :-/I seriously do not understand how these would fit on any ones legs but a toddlers! The elastic around them is smaller than my wrist let alone trying to get it on a calf!! But you get what you pay for! :)The plastic on the straps broke while I was on vacation.I heard what people said, you have to buy a size up, and I did.  I think I should have bought 2 sizes up.  These are ok quality, nothing I would really recommend to anyone unless you are on a super tight budget I guess.  I prefer Carters.The package came on time but there was no watch in it.  It came with a Seiko box nice white pillow but no watch.  I called customer service but all they could do was give me my money back as I needed the watch for a gift.The structor of this item is very poorFit too big. Doesn't provide adequate support or shaping.Item received is not as pictured. It is not a vintage style shirt. It looks like someone took the picture of the logo on the item, then photo transferred or printed the logo on a bright red shirt. The item is obviously a poor duplication as the Bethesda logo for a tag in the picture is not on the item received.

Basically the item is garbage and I will never wear it. I'm sure the real tshirt is quite nice.

Very disappointed!These merrells are THE WORST they ever made. The fabric rips open right where your goot bends near toes within 2 months of daily wear.Wore for 2.5 hours and one of the shirt clamps broke, making the pair uselesswontfitNot good for those with large breasts. No upper support. Would be better if boning. Would be super cute on a slimmer personThis is made with a Very Cheap material, some sort of alloy that corrodes while being worn.  Would not recommend.I bought these for my 20 month old grandson. At first, for short times, the shoes whent on comfortably and he didn't seem to have a problem. He wore them outdoors with his parents; walked a couple of blocks, and the rigid piece at the back where the elestic holds the shoe on, had worn sores on his little achille's/heel area. I was so disappointed, as I have purchased Robees shoes before and I hate to think that other little ones were similarly injured while wearing them.After a few weeks i realised they fit a bit too wide. I usually need to buy wide boots.There's a reason why it's so cheap; essentially, there's one main compartment and one slightly padded one for a computer. That's it. If you toss in keys or a pen, good luck finding it.

Still, I would have given it three stars if they just added some Velcro across the front to allow it to close without the snaps. Really not well thought-out.

Lastly, the rubberized name on the front of the flap rubbed off after only about a week of light use. I would not recommend it - even as a gym bag, which is how I use it.Cheap Sun glasses is one thing but these are junkLock was damaged was broken before i even pulled out the boxThe sole is very hard so they are not extremely compfortable and tend to make my feet hurt and go numb.item was too big even i selected the smallest size, when i tried to return it was too late i missed by 2 daysWant to return.This shoe looked nice at first. My second grader destroyed this pair of shoes in about 6 months. Poorly made for the money and will never buy this brand again!I bought these in an XL because I gained a bunch of weight since quitting smoking. These aren't any bigger that a large, just longer. The neck line is way too small and feels like it is choking me. I suppose a 4x or 5x would be more like a dress.Not even close. This belt is about 2.5 inches wide, so it will not fit through any belt loops on mens pants. It is not 43" long either, more like 36-ish. Will not fit a 36" waist properly, Best guess this is a belt for a size 0 teenage girl to wear over a t-shirt or something along that line. On top of that company said 10-12 days shipping time, try more like 3 weeks and four days. Oh yeah, there is not a single piece of leather on the belt anywhere. Please push Amazon to stop dealing with overseas merchants like this.Fit smallAt least a 1/2 too small and the nude/beige that I ordered looked cheapEXTREMELY overpriced. Ridiculously overpriced! At Ross its 30 dollars.. at any other store its no more than 39.99. Plus this trend has been out since last year anywaysIve been ordering hats from this seller for a long time now. I have an Etsy shop and consistency and quality is important to me. I ordered an olive hat (one ive ordered many times before) and it was NOT as described. Im not sure if the supplier has changed but this is not a classic baseball hat. Its a low profile, flat brim hat. The color is all wrong, the adjustable buckle is cheap, and it looks awful. I will never buy another hat again, super disappointed. Update your photos of your hats so others don't go through this.The trousers processing is not good, a lot of thread not cut,not clean , no company cards only number plates and chinese manufaceturing license. Think of the Amazon will be fakes.Well, I selected an XL for my boyfriend based on other reviews, but it ended up being WAY TOO BIG.  Other than that, I don't think it looked as great in person.  It was a mix of the quality of the material, the unexpected color compared to the picture, and the wrong size I purchased, but it wasn't worth it for me to exchange for a smaller size.  Pass on this one.I would have rated these shoes better but they have awful durability.  I've worn them to walk around campus for less than 2 months, I've ran in them maybe 10 times (about 2-3 miles each time), and done workouts in them less than 20 times and the fabric near the toes are ripping out.  I haven't done crossfit or anything intense in these shoes and they are sprouting big holes where the rubber front toe material meets the breathable mesh fabric.  On a 1 - 5 scale of durability 1 being as durable as a newborn infant and 5 being battle hardened soldier I'd give them a 1.5. Otherwise these shoes are very comfortable.  Very light and plenty of cushion.  Perfect fit.  Terrible durability.  I paid over $100 for my pair so I'm pissed that they didn't even stay in good working order for 6 months.HUGE (wide) and stiff - Also stitches show - a mess - returnedToo smallThis shirt feels cheap and flimsy, runs almost three sizes too small (a large fits like a small usually would) and the color that arrived was completely different than the online image. The color "mustard" looks more like a brownish orange than a mustard yellow. That particular color was needed for a Halloween costume, so this product was completely useless in addition to ugly. Definitely returning.Broke the first time I wore it... not happy.I will be returning.I had ordered a dark brown color piece and ended up receiving a light pink color piece. Not happy with the purchase. Also this material comes from London, so it took a while to reach. The material is soft though and is made in UK (which is a relief, as I avoid Chinese made clothes)Very uncomfortable straps across the top of the foot.  I had to return them.It was small for a man! It looks like a baby G shock for women. I sent it backThis is not a 42, you should fix your chart of measurements. All my pants are 40 and they close, hardly but close, I wanted to loosen up some buying this but this one don't even close. Very dissatisfied with purchase, I ordered another one at the same time and hasn't arrived. I assume i will have the same trouble.This was saggy and the fabric too thin, not really wearable.  Daughter didn't like it.  Sent it back.  Shame.  But also, not LA made: I was disappointed to realize that some "LA made" things are actually made in china....It is almost black in color.These are not compression stockings. These are regular socks. They went on fine but didn't hold up for the whole 12 hour shift. They kept rolling down. They also left a red mark on my leg from where they were too tight at one point.Lookes like the picture although the cross slides out. Very weird, never worn by the person I purchased it for. I would not order this again.from previous experience the does no last the only good thing about the ECCO shoe is the weight but not a quality shoe we just returned a pair of shoes didn't even last 6 months
waiting to see if they will replace the shoesThey seem to be well made, however the frames are samll. The frame measure 5" across and just over 1.5" high.  I was expecting them to be the size of regular "wayfarers".  I ordered 2 pair and returning both. :(The foot portion is too large for the average man.The silky strap needs to have some "sticky" strips inside to keep it from sliding on the head and messing up your hair throughout the night.A friend directed me to this item and I was very excited as it was exactly what I needed for my bag. I was very disappointed- the item is so small- if you have anything larger than a small bag than it just doesn't work and looks silly. Also, they boast having several pockets- they are extremely stiff and barely fit anything which defeats the purpose of having so many. In one pocket I could fit a skinny highlighter, a pen, and a tide pen. In another pocket my USB. All other pockets are unusable because they don't fit anything. Overall, I was surprised and disappointed when receiving this. I will be looking for a similar item but one that is more functionable and fits a large size back. Definitely NOT worth 25$ and therefore I will be returning.You get what you pay for. The frame bends really easily without much pressure, and one of the earpieces is coming off after wearing these only a handful of times.Had to return these. Wish I'd read the reviews more carefully. Your foot slides to the front sand your toes get squished. Not comfortable at all!I don't know where they get their cup sizes, but they're wrong!  I ordered a 40G and it fits like a 40E - the cup holds about 2/3 of the breast. Do not buy this bra if you have large cup size.It's cute but it's to small for even a pre schoolerNot made well, didn't lastIn the third use it break, ask for a refund.Unfortunately this dress just didn't turn out the way I expected. It fit okay but the fabric is not soft (I didn't expect it to be jersey material or anything so that's not a big surprise) but the dress itself was almost shapeless and not flattering for my body type (fuller figured, large bust). There is also some extra material in the chest area, where the V neck portion is, it looks like a patch. I felt very self conscious in it.  It may be great for other people, just not me! They have a 30 day return policy, and unfortunately I am too late to return it.The pants don't have a hem and are unraveling at the bottom! My husband normally wears a 36 in the waist but we went up just in case and he says they are still kind of snuggarbage, thew them away.Loved these at first but the after only wearing 6-8 times *per year* for 4 years, the soles are flat, all traction gone, very slippery and dangerous on wet pavement or ice/snow.  Also, Bogs changed their sizing so I wore a 7 in these but now I wear an 8 in my newer pair. BAD VALUE . Soles wear out super quickly. DANGEROUS!!!!Inside lining of new hat was detached/falling apart. Brim is flimsy, and the fit is too big even with velcro strap as tight as can belight wind kept blowing it off. Great as a throwaway hat to block out the sun, but a cheap item.Bought them to replace 4 year old pair. No longer as nice as they used to be. Will be returning them!A very awkwardly made shoe, does not conform to the shape of the foot,  Just awkward.The shoe is just what I wanted, but too small. Ordered 1/2 size larger and waiting for delivery. No problem with return. Hope next size works.These are not very good.  The strap pulled out of the sole and small rocks would actually go right through the material the soles were made out of and stick me in the foot.  I would not recommend these to anyone.The watch quits arbitrarily, and there is no way to open the back to try a new battery with any tool I have.I was expecting them to be wide and they were not. Definitely fits smaller than sized.I got this almost a month early! I ordered 2 sizes up and it is still small. The material is very thin, not a good quality. Without pulling on it, you can see where the white stitching is in several places, looks like it's a weak stitch. There is absolutely no give in the material. The pattern isn't at all like the picture - they did warn against that. If it were to fit, it would barely cover my butt. I've been leary of ordering from China, won't do it again.Legs to long. Yet crotch too short. Not what I would expect from dickies. Seams burst on second wearing and they weren't even tight fitting, just crouched.The white gold prongs are too soft and do not hold the Amethyst in place.  The prongs just bend so easily.  Do not spend the money for these earrings.  Its a waste of your money.  I gave it as a gift at Christmas time and now I cannot return them.  I ended up having to buy my niece something else. Not what I expected at all.  I will not purchase this product again.Extremely strange fit. Too difficult to even figure out how to put on. I sent this back.I loved them, but had to return them. I wore them twice, and the seam at the back started to unravel! Such a shame. They're so comfortable and easy to slip on and off. I hated having to send these back.Fit much tighter than expected - boot cut as well. The proportions seem strange; a tight fit by your waist / inseam and then very wide by the ankles.
Would not buy again or recommend.2.5 stars.... the fit is good.... it gives you a figure.
The only issue that I had is the fabric...it wasn't thick enough like a lab coat... it was more that stretchy polyester used for blouses.You get what you pay for I guess. This won't stay turned around on the right side. I have tried everything and it just wont. I do love the colors and get compliments on it - when its on the right side.Not a fan of the material they use, it's a bit scratchy.  Also, I have athletic build so that means two things: 1. my legs are somewhat thick and 2. I'm not that tall, 5'11.  The elastic orotund the leg isn't stretchy or very elastic. and the seem is too thick so when I where summer slacks, you can see the underwear leg seam.  It looks ridiculous.  My biggest complaint is the material feels scratchy and cheap and I'm not say'n they need to feel like silk, I'm just say'n they are nut comfortable.  I bought some Calvin's at Costco for less and they felt really nice.Decided to purchase these for my nieces. I am disappointed about the quality. In the picture they appear more solid but in person they are light as a feather.The arms and chest are smaller than regular XLGI loved the print and design- until i got it in the mail:  the design is still pretty but there are tiny BUTTONS - NOT SNAPS!  Its for night breast feeding, who has the time and the wits and dexterity to unbutton tiny buttons on each side to feed the baby? so unpractical. and it didn't fit well- it was way too big.I don't know what has happened to the always great ASICS brand, but their shoes have gone downhill. It keeps cutting off the circulation in my feet and the fit in the bottom hurts my feet. I'm going to Brooks, and I'm staying there.I have about 6 pairs of D4 pants. One of my colours (steel head) has just been replaced after 5 years of use. These Khaki D4 which a relatively new, have failed me miserably. I can honestly say, it was just one faulty out of the factory. The pants material split along the inner right thigh at a length of 6 inches, not along the seam. This is what has made !e suspicious about the event, it suggest that for this particular pair or even colour, the material is substandard.
I have been a user of D4 pants for many years, and was quite upset when they went MIA a few years back, but this is my first and only incident like that.
I believe I deserve a refund. I also have pictures of the pants if anyone is imnterestedThis jacket is sized very huge. I'm a pretty big guy and fit most XXL jackets from either Target, Obey, and Northface. This jacket I received was extremely huge and would never wear it. Material is not like most authentic military m65 jackets, rather it is cheap, synthetic material. design is very squarish and the sleeves are ridiculously long and wide. I want my money back.This was the worst pair of jeans I have ever bought in my life. The specs implied that it would fit on one's waist, however with the crotch being so short it barely reached my hips. I normally wear waist size 31, which I ordered, but with this pair of jeans, the zipper almost could not go up. In addition, I am not a person with large legs, but this pair of jeans hugged me like it was made for a woman who wants to show off her assets. I would have returned my purchase, but where I am living it would cost double what the jeans are worth, so I will just have to accept my losses.Not goodI wanted to love these sandals, but they just didn't do it for me. I normally wear a wide, so the medium, although they fit, didn't fit comfortably. I'm returning them.I got this item today, and not only is it not Allegra K it is not a US size 12 as ordered.  There is no size listed on the tag so I cannot tell if I got the right size sent to me, the store says it is.  If it is the size I ordered, the measurements on the size chart are wrong.  The large I ordered fits like a small.  Also I have ordered Allegra K items before, and they have a tag that says the brand, this item does not.  I'm not sure if it is an issue with it being a knock off and with the store, or just the item itself.  Not at all as listed in the description.The leggings got a hole in them the first day I wore them. Poor quality...It was pretty but by the time I got it, it was soaked in mildew..and was way to smallThis product was baby -size and super super lateIt is very pretty and classy, but lasted only one summer.Order the larger and get XL it's too big don't love it that muchThe watch is a cheap Chinese knockoff. It does not even work. DO NOT BUY IT!!!on the picture the size is great , but when i received them it is too tiny 1/10 , feel disappointed.Nice shoe.  I've purchase the same size before, and all was good.  However, this time, the shoe was noticeably smaller (toes hit the front of shoe).  Returned, may buy larger size.Two stars because the material wasn't bad but the style of it looked cheap and the top part hung so poorly.  It was big and frumpy and made more for a little girls styleOk. Quick review, haven't tried it on my 5-yr old because it's for Christmas but seriously, where's the T-Shirt? It says Hoodie & T-Shirt bundle. What am I missing here?  I've ordered it twice and no t-shirt. Not happy about this description AT ALL. Buyers beware!!