I love these shoes. The only thing I don't like about them are (1) the laces are too long and (2) for some reason the tongues always shift to the side while wearing. I tried lacing the hoop on the tongue but it didn't help. Other than that I really love these shoes. Also, they could have done something with the inner side "blank" area. But still i'd rate 4/5.I added a small inexpensive insert due to needing more arch support.  I wear them all day at work and do a moderate amount of walking.  There is a little chafing around the ankle from the style of the shoe.  That would be a problem if you were walking non stop all, but for work they are fine. They look very cute and are easy to put on with the zipper in the back.The shoes are really classy. And surprisingly 4-inch heel is completely fine height for me. I was worrying it might be too high without platform. (I have to admit I wear high heels a lot.) It was a little bit narrow when I first try it though my feet are slim. After breaking it a little bit which is one day, they are very comfortable to wear now, yay.Great casual shoes.Very well made and fit just right.I absolutely love this set. The sizes are perfect for me... not too big. I love the flexibility of having suitcases and a duffel bag and a cosmetic bag, with a snap-on makeup bag. Beautiful shade of purple/lavender, too.Love this purse, very pretty, holds everything & has a gorgeous gloss finish. Perfect!This shoe fit perfectly (I loved that I could get narrow) and were super comfortable. They weren't as "fancy" as I was hoping, so I went with another pair (that was patent) instead and returned these. I'm still thinking about getting the black though...the shirt was a gift for my grandson and he loves it, but when ordering it, the size options were confusing and did not match Amazon's size chart so I was unsure if it would even fit. the seller needs to clarify the size options by stating a comparable number size (e.g., small is a 5-6, medium is a 7-8, etc.)What I expected it to beWife loved them and they looked great. Wasn't expecting much for the price but what a surprise....My husband loves the versitiliy of these shoes.  I guess they are meant for inside wear as the sole is more of houseshoe.Quality as expected. Not as long as expected. Not brushed back so it's on the thin side as expected. Item did not run small.Very nice wallet!I bought the XS adult size. My normal dress size is a 0.  This costume is rather baggy, but i pulled the belt way beyond where the velcro closure is and fastened it, then twisted it around behind me where the cape covers up how messy the belt is.  It works.  (it's for Halloween, not the prom!) :)  Also, i was just a little disappointed in the boot covers.  One is quite large and the other is TINY.  It is sized for about an 8 year old's foot/ankle.  I tore out the stitches in the back just to get it on.  (Again, it is just a cheesy boot cover and more to complete the look.)  I am considering cutting the whole foot part off it and wearing only the shaft part of the 'boot' with shoes, kind of like shiny leg warmers.
In any case, with all these little quirks of the costume, the price is great for a decent quality, very fun and cute costume. It is comfy too.Its a great jacket just could be a hair bigger. No big tho...Good...Absolutely LOVE these shoes! The fit is perfect, they're comfortable for all day wear and they are ADORABLE! Will definitely buy more Ivanka Trump shoes.Only reason this isn't a 5 star review is that it isn't exactly how it is pictured in the seller's picture. Instead of the flat fixture and "handle" what I received had a lion's head on each side.Nice quality very prettyGreat shirt for warmer weather. Fits well. I love Russell products.  Seems to be well made.  Good quality for the price.Bought this for my wife's trip to central America. She used it every day and said was comfortable to use.Beautiful!!! I have nothing but nice things to say about these! I gave three pair to my brother cuase we have the same gauges and he loved them I kept the sandstone because it's my favorite I have a bunch of the beads too. The only thing I will say is if you have very stretch ears they might fall out easy because the curve is not very deep other then that they are greatIt runs small. I normally wear a size 9 so I ordered that size and it barely fit. But it's a good pair of sandalsThis is my second pair of Ariat boots, these are so comfortable and the leopard print is fun. Received compliments from a coworker on them today.Normally I wear size 6.  But for this style I ordered 6.5 so it would be more comfortable in case I have to wear a tight in the Winter.  They fit perfectly.  I would recommend these shoesgreat shoe, my son loves them!Haven't travel with it yet but the order came very quickly and I am satisfied that this will meet my needs to fly around .Great fit and super comfy!Hoka's are one of the few brands that don't battle with my Achilles tendentious - I'm a devoted fan of the brand & I buy multiple pairs at once but this particular style runs surprisingly small.Even though I am not a junior in body type, the large Roxy sweater fits well and is long enough to be a tunic with leggings. It isn't too heavy, so it will be great for fall and winter.My favorite pairVery comfortable. The material is of good quality and as is the workmanship of the product.I own about 6 pairs of these New Balance sneakers for everyday and gym wear - I have to wear sneakers due to issues with my arches/plantar fascitis.  I put in my own orthopedic inserts for arch support; these have okay support but not enough for what I need.  I normally wear a US women's 10 med, I find the width is correct but maybe I should've gone for the 10.5.  The material is a bit more leathery/suede looking than I would prefer.  Love the color combo.OkGreat shoes, love the color they match everything.Fits TTS. Nice & soft. Seemed like good quality, though on the thinner side for a men's flannel shirt. I voted to keep it, but its recipient felt that wearing would require 3D goggles as an accessory.wonderful!I love this its perfect fits greatGreat shoes fast shipping good people to deal with.
Five stars!Does the jobI changed these into prescription glasses and they are so unique and exactly what I wanted.It's a little short in the back, for me to feel comfortable I'd have to wear bike shorts underneath. The material is a little stretchy, so it's forgiving . Overall I'm happy with the dressFits a bit larger than the George Strait series.Quality item. Not too thick, not too thin. Fluco makes great watch straps.Ordered a medium, but got sent size small. However, it worked out because once I tried them on I feel that a M would be too big. I'm 5'4" and 135lbs and they fit fine. Once I lose a few pounds they will fit perfectly. I used the size chart as a guide and that's why I originally ordered a medium. So depending on your shape a size smaller might be better for you. They are not see through and the print and quality of the material is nice. I like them so far. If anything changes after I wear and wash them I'll be back to edit my review.

Note: unrelated to the item itself, the delivery guy threw this package over my fence and it landed FAR away from my door by our trash cans. The only reason I knew it was there was because I got a notification my package had been delivered and went to look for it. Thank goodness it was only yoga pants in an envelope and nothing fragile or I would have been mad.My sister loved it!Perfectmy daughter, Nicole, been dropping hints throughout the month , for Christmas that she wanted a gangster hat, I had her try on a few at the stores but weren't fitting right..so I checked with amazon at the last minute, and found quite a few, (come in sizes and I needed the large/xlarge size) price was excellent plus I didn't think it would come in time for Christmas but it came on Christmas eve because I did the free 2-day shipping...Nicole loves it and wore it all day on Christmas..BeautifulLove these Boots! I have been wearing these boots for over a month now and I still love them!

1. Fit- They fit perfect. When I first tried them on, I was a little worried that they would be too tight. After wearing them a day, its like they molded to my feet. They have a faux fur lining that goes down to the insole covering the heel. These boots are warm and comfortable. I have worn these boots all day and my feet stay warm and dry. They support my feet. At the end of the day my feet and legs don't hurt like my muck boots do.
2. Outdoor wear-  I have worn these boots in mud, snow, slush, rain, and -0 degree weather. My feet stayed warm and dry.  I don't recommend extended time in water that goes over the vamp of the boot as I don't think they are completely waterproof. The tongue of the boot is attached at the third D ring. When you lace them up tight, no snow will get in the boots.  The only time my foot got wet in these boots, was when I ran them under the hydrant to wash them off. Water got in through the tongue. The upper part of the boot is water proof. Water just beads up and rolls off these boots.
3. Easy to Clean- These boots clean up really well. We live on a farm and I spend a lot of time in mud. Most of the time I can just run these boots under the hydrant and they come clean. The faux fur has gotten a little matted but a good brush through and it looks like new.
4. Quality- The stitching is good. They have held up really well and I have worn the crap out of them! The faux fur is a little cheap looking, but hey it fake fur so...
5. The only complaint I have with these boots is that snow packs in the sole. Not sure why they do this but, I just have to make sure I wipe my feet really well before coming in the house.
6. One last thing- These boots make my size 9 feet look tiny! love that!I used this luggage set for our Disney trip. It does its purpose and was able to fit all our stuff in it. The only thing is that the inside looks flimsy and no padding. It did its purpose for our trip so Im happy with my purchase.Great boxes & fast delivery made this product a winning combination!!I wear a 13 shoe and their 13's are always the same fit no matter what model I get. That is perfect when you order online and fear if it will fit or not :)Genius design. It's perfect for wiggle worm babies!  I wish it didn't shrink so quickly, though. We're going to wear it as long as possible!Fit is exsctly rightI love these shoes even more now! I bought a pair a year ago and really loved them. Now that I'm 8 months pregnant, I used it as an excuse to buy another pair. Good call. I was able to wear them all day at work today with NO issues. I will forever ensure that I have a pair of these in my closet at all times!love it!!!It was a decent product for about a few days and then the fabric started to fall apart and opening holes in different areas of the body. Straps would not stay on the hooks and it was a constant pain to keep running to a rest room to  hook back up.Too heavy for me to wear.Love itit stretches c: lukily im small so i was able to fit in it unfortunately my bust is large so it rose up a little bit revealing my belly....i just need to buy a bigger one ^^This is so pretty! The blue background color really makes the peacock design just POP. IT LOOKS GREAT WITH JEANS OR LEGGINGS, and boots or tennis shoes. Just a fun piece to be casual, or fashion forward with! HIGHLY recommended. Will need a light jacket or shirt over it when fall really hits.Good belt for the price.Great pattern and good fit and quality.This is a great bag for shopping and/or the beach.. Very light weight.You want to get all the ladies? If you answer yes, then that means you want to get this shirt.This is a great polo. It's made of a good quality, and looks like it will last a long time. My only issue is that I ordered the crimson red, and it looks more like the seaside red in person. I don't mind, but if you're expecting a very bold and bright red, don't order this product.My favorite hat. It keeps me warm during this frigid winter in New York.They do keep your hands warm and are quite comfortable and thin enough to wear under other socks and gloves.I never knew such a shirt existed. It is my favorite shirt and I plan to buy one for my best friend because she is a Halloween freak like me! Colors are vibrant and shirt is roomy.I read all the reviews prior to purchase and compared to the sizing chart to determine which size to buy. I am a 38D and it fits nicely. I think a size up would have been too big perhaps. No, it's not super supportive, but it does what it needs to do in covering the problem area (belly) and holding the girls in. Yes, there is cleavage, but I'm hard-pressed to find a swimsuit that doesn't show any when you're a D cup or larger, so be realistic in your expectations and you'll love this one. Material is thin, but for less than $20, I can totally deal with it.This item arrived on time and adequately packaged. They are genuine Adidas product and i wear them all the time. This item also has a long wear time and although a bit more to pen on plastic sandals for someone who it on their feet for work they are the best thing to happen to your feet.Just a little large, with a couple of shoe pads will be fine. Beautifully made. Can't wait to wear them.Very soft and flexible lightweight shoe.They look and feel really nice, just run a little large compared to most shoes of this size Ive had. Five star if they fit properly.I love this outfit and would've gave it 5 stars but the material isn't the best. went to try it on and the wire started to come out the area for the breast. other than that i love it.my wife loves itVery nice shirt!I got a size bigger but it's still a little tight around my belly. Other than that, it's cute and holds breasts pretty well. Good material as well.First off, I have to say that this is a really pretty pink.  I like the bag - very lightweight.  It has lot of pockets to place various items and can hold a full size iPad so long as it only has the thin protective cover on it.  It's a minimalist bag which means if you normally carry a thick wallet, that's all you can really put it in because it squeezes the available space for the rest of the pockets.  But I have a small accordian wallet that I can easily put what I need in and there's plenty of room for an eyeglass case, small powder compact, lipstick, iPad, phone, and even a few small tools (travel magnifying glass and a measuring tape).  I read that it has plastic zippers and although they don't look plastic, they do have the tendency to act it.  They don't function as smooth as metal.  I may just have to add a little tailor's wax to see if it doesn't help this.  But, allover, this is nice bag for a great price.It is a nice too. But I got the wrong size. And don't have time to return it and wait for another one.excelenteMy wife got this sweatshirt and said she loves it. It is very high quality like all of Carhartt's clothing.Not as soft as I would like.  It's stiffer than the short-sleeved shirts, but it's comfortable enough.I purchased this skirt for my wife. She really is very stylish and so seeing this high waisted skirt on amazon made me think that she will like it, as she does not have this style yet. I was correct then for as the moment she got this from me, she already had the instant liking just by the style and look of it. The skirt fitted her perfectly. She said that this can be paired with so many of her tops and that it will also accentuate her nice waistline giving her that sexy, free-spirited look. She liked the fabric of the skirt. She also liked the two pockets.  It would not even need any pressing or ironing if you instantly remove it from the dryer once dried. The fabric is made of fine quality fabric and this will surely serve her for a long time. It is kind'a thick and a little heavy but it is still comfortable to wear. It has linings inside. This skirt looked like you have a petticoat inside so the effect is really nice. She said she looked like an elegant school girl with this. A beautiful school girl. This outfit makes you look younger. The reason that this is four star is because of the zipper. It does work, but she had a hard time zipping it up.  Overall, this is a great addition to her closet.They were too big. Will need to exchange for a smaller size. But you did not have them in half sizes.Fit great and feels great on your feet while playingVery pretty. My friend loved it. High quality. Feminine looking.Great bag for NFL games. Received quickly.A little hard to keep line straight on back of hose, but very nice! Love these on my wifey!!These shoes are comfortable. I'm on my feet all day and need the padding. The one complaint is that the rubber on the front of the shoe doesn't seem to be applied correctly. These may be slightly defective and so offered at a lower price.Fits great and looks great but if you need them in a hurry shipping takes forever.My favorite shoe of all time! I love these shoes so much, that in fear that one day they'll be discontinued, I went out and bought 6 pairs of the Dragon (both in blue and black) so I can have a lifetime supply. Given that, don't buy these shoes, thus ensuring future inventory for me.This product is well made and very light. Being a big guy (over 300)and having a hard time finding shoes that fit well i was very satisfied with this product.A classic shoe!  But because Chucks always come with a minimal insole, they generally fit large.  But that means you can add an after market insole if you like and they'll still fit well.I really like this boot-- they're comfortable!  And I like the color and the way the company applied it to the leather.  I can wear these all day with jeans.  The only negative I have pertains to the outsole.  You're somewhat prone to sliding a bit but the traction improves the more you wear them.  Maybe the company will correct this slippery problem during the manufacturing process.  It shouldn't be difficult for them to do and it would take the worry out of wearing them the first several times.

This is my second pair of boots from this company and I intend to buy more.  The other pair of boots also had the outsole problem but improved with wear.This is a beautiful blouse, it fits comfortable and it is true to size.  I wear a large but I ordered an XL because the non-americans are smaller in size.  Material is very comfortable.  Have not wash it yet.  I actually liked it so much I brought the one with the white bottom.very comfortableVery comfy shirt.  I wear this one to work at least once a week.So far so good.....love them...Actually a pretty good quality for the price - and worked very well to round out our Pharaoh costume for our production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dream Coat.Great Nursing Tank! It fits very well and has good length. Wish it would be a little bit cheaper.The shoes fit well, are comfortable, and very light.  I would recommend them if you are looking for some nice comfortable light sandals.I like the color, and everything stays put when I am on the treadmill. A little big in the back, had to put it on the last set of hooks.Love the jacket! Nice color and quality.Best sports bra I've had. Feels so comfortable like a yoga top. I've tried many bras and this is best! You can sleep in this. Not tight and binding like Lulu bras.Perfect!!I received these Dickie's insulated bibs to try via the Vine Program.  Never did I imagine these bibs would be of the quality of Dickie's regular clothing line for being a sample to try out.  They are comfortable to work in and easily slip over your regular clothing.  Legs are zippered for easy access to getting your legs in them.  I wore them on a 5 degree day with wind chills of -28 degrees on my open cab tractor clearing snow off my property for 4 1/2 hours and I kept toasty warm wearing them.  Very good insulating properties of these bibs.  Another day I wore them cutting firewood in my wood lot and found them very comfortable to work in with no restrictions on my movement for work.  They have access points on left and right side for you to get at your regular pants pockets underneth the overalls.  They are tough, durable and I expect them to wear well and last a long time.  As with any of the Dickie's products, you can't go wrong purchasing these insulated bibs.This was a nice pendant. This company seems to make quality and interesting jewelry. My ten year old son really liked it. The meaning of it represented him well also. I would definitely purchase more things from BICO.Friend of mine was trying to convince me to buy an Apple watch when I told him I was looking for a time piece. I just want to know the time. Dont need to be reading emails and texts and notifications and my heart rate and the Dow Jones and tweets and Facebook likes and news feeds and the barometric pressure and ... Well, you get the picture.560's are the best fitting Levi's for the "huskier" guys out there like me.
Both pairs fit as expected and I plan on getting several years worth of good wear out of both of them.Husband loves them. True to fit. Comfortable. Loves the tiny pen/pencil pocket. Would purchase again.Is not fitted at ALL like the model  shows them to be. . I do not understand why the product photos are so misleading. They are big boxy in comparison  And should be shown truthfully. Each pair runs a bit different than the other. For example shorter sleeve or wider shoulder. I have many pairs in dif designs. The quality is ok not great. Nick Nora is better made but they are harder to find new. I like the prints of this brand far better though. I  did think the colors were brighter on the monitor. Several were almost dull to me upon receipt I like the higher waist and the drawstring that is FUNCTIONAL! Compared to joe boxer or nick Nora these do run larger. I am not sure if those are juniors. Yet if you look at the sizing it does say large is 8-12. If you are high end of size I would say they probably fit well. At the lower end probably you are swimming in them. True test is the dryer.  100% cotton shrinks and one should take that into account. I got the large and I do swim in them BUT I intentionally purchased them knowing they would based on reviews. Another reviewer said that she dried them most of the way then took them out and hung them I agree with her the last 15 minutes of the dryer is what will shrink them. All said I will recommend these and will purchase more myself.Good price quality socks.The sizing is a bit on the large side but the material washes and dries great.  I wish it had a bit more shape but that may be because it is too big for me.  Color is great - very good quality.One of the frustrating things about shopping for toddlers and preschoolers is trying to find the right combination of leg length with the correct sized waistband.
My grandson is almost 4 years old, 40 inches tall, weighs about 41 pounds and has a 19 inch waist. I would describe him as very active and a bit on the long legged side.

Most pants that are long enough for him are too big in the waist, and having the child wear a belt isn't always ideal, first you have the problem of finding a belt in the right size, then comes the struggle to get the belt on. Finally, having a young child wear a belt makes it harder for them to use the bathroom without difficulty, which can impede toilet training or make "accidents" a bit more of a probability.

These pants are reasonally priced, I did some comparision shopping for similar pants from major stores (Sears, JC Penny, etc) and these cost a minimum of $5 less than any comparable pair of adjustable waist jeans that I found in my search.

The adjustment is easy to make, there is a system of elastic straps with button holes that pulls out on each side of the waist. It is easy to fasten the straps to the matching buttons on each side. I doubled the straps back and fastened the ends to the button to keep from having a loose end that could get caught in the zipper.
I haved uploaded a picture showing the doubled back elastic strap fastened to the button.

I recommend this jeans, overall the price and the quality make this a good deal for growing boys.

The denim is a medium weight, the stitching on the pair I received was well done with no flaws. There is a reinforcement stitching on each side, just under the pockets, not sure if that was intended as a design element, but it makes the jeans sturdierIt wasn't exactly what I had expected, but it work just fine for the wedding I'll be in next month.The colors are really nice, the material is iffy, but comfortable, and it looks as expectedThanks Amazon for an Eiffel Tower pin that I had trouble finding. It was perfect. A gift for my daughter and she received several compliments when she wore it.This orange jacket has two side pockets.  The pockets are wide enough for my hands to enter in.  Also attached to the pockets are zippers.  The jacket is lightweight & the sizing I chose meets the comfortability I desired.I love this skirt.  I got it in 3 colors.  Fit as expected.  Definitely for daily casual wear or summer/beach use.  The length was great and it would flatter many figure types.I bought these for my 12 year old daughter.  She loves them, but they are hard to put on and very tight in the calves.  Since they are suede, I am hoping they stretch with time and wear.absolutely beautiful!ok, wanted a little biggerWould like a better arch.leather chucksMy wife loves this little pendant. It's something she can wear to the office or around the house, but can also be worn for a night on the town. It dresses up just about any outfit she's wearing, and is eye-catching without being obnoxious.

This would make the perfect stocking stuff. The price is right, and the look can't be beat.I love them!  I was sick of dull coloured gym gear but these are fantastic.  I would have given them a 5, but just found them a bit bigger than what I thought they would be.  I am used to Australian sizing and am a size 8 - so I would suggest if you can, going for extra small.  I have ordered another colour in the extra small and should receive them soon!!!!!  I wear them to gym and they are particularly good for Zumba!I really like this Timex watch, it's the only one I will buy. It's inexpensive and never seems to wear out. I would recommend this watch to anyone who is looking for a plain, long lasting watch. I have always had good luck with Timex.These socks were a good price and good quality. Stocked up for future, saving time for later - bought as gift.I bought the Cumulus 17 to replace a pair of Brooks Ghosts running shoes. I've logged about 22 miles on the shoes and so far they have performed as well as the Brooks. Although this is not a stability shoe for runners like me who tend to pronate I think it is a good neutral that should give me plenty of running miles before I move on to the next pair.  Bottom line: I think it is a good running shoe for the price.Easy to read face with date, second hand and 12 and 24 hour markers. The material is easy to clean and the water resistant feature is great for times you forget to take the watch off.Super cute! Love the light weight material.Perfect!Great suspenders, I bought it for my wedding and it fits wellExcellentI have been a nurse for over 30 years and cherokee scrubs have been my stable. The scrubs wear and wash well. These particular scrubs give me the low rise look without showing my undergarments when I bend over.  I can be stylish and professional looking at the same time.This a very pretty ring at a good price.Just received mine today, so cannot comment on durability but am impressed with both quality and style. Mine are a shade or so darker than the picture, but in a nice way (if that makes sense). The material is very soft and pliable, and the sole is solid. A great shoe, and a super buy at < $100!I had to return them because another pair matched better, but these were gorgeous.Pretty ...but smaller than i would have liked.  Good weight...not too heavy.  I will be keeping these.These pants are very durable and the khaki color doesn't show wear as much as some other colors I've tried.It's beautiful and sturdy. I really like hemp and always opt for the hemp versions of things when available. Wage peace.I read the reviews before this shirt and read that it ran large, so I bought a smaller size for my son....and it's STILL too big. ;)  Not that he cares.  He's just thrilled to have a glowing creeper shirt.I was hesitant to purchase but when i put them on for the 1st time i could feel the support immediately with these shoes, i like they look and feel.  Comfortable. And i am having less discomfort from my planter facilities.  The only regret is that i didn't get the shoe in  1 size smaller.  (Only dropped by 1/2 size)  and they are 1/2 size to big.  So they run big.  I read a comment to order 1 size down but i was hesitant and opted for 1/2 size, i kept them because i didn't want to send them back.  I am comfortable with the extra room but wll order 1 whole size down for my next pair!have my slippers on right now.  So comfy.  Realy well made.These are the best feeling sandals I think I have ever worn They were on sale from Amazon when I bought them You can wear them all day and they never hurt your feet The built in arch is a great featureA little too stretchy especially in the waist area.  I find the need to turn the hem up on these as just a little too long.I received many compliments  on the shoes. Fits comfortably for the most part, but the peep toe may take some getting used to. Started bothering me toward the end of the day.They are shorts. They do the job. Nothing more to add. Was looking for something functional. These sufficed. I do think they could have a 'tighter' cut to be more snug around the knees. Nothing concerning though. Buy these if you need shorts with pockets.L'EGGS Silken mist fits very snug . I  like the smoothness and sheer ness it provides .  wish they had more sales  on them.I love this necklace. However, I swapped  the chain for a rhodium sterling silver one because I thought the "adjustable length" chain it came with looked a little cheap. Had to cut the original one off because it the ends were too large to pull through the shank, When this is worn and is clean and sparkling, I challenge anyone to tell the difference between this and a real diamond.  Wore this on my last cruise and got many compliments.I got them for my boyfriend for Christmas, and he loves them.  Fits him perfectly.  Will purchase them again in the near future!Somewhat smallWell made and cute designs! Excellent seller with fast delivery and great communication. Thank you.Really pretty. My boyfriend going to love it.We have 19 month old about average size (40%) and this outfit was a little large.  Its a good quality outfit that is really warm.  Do not wear this outfit in 75+ temperatures for long durations.Awesome, bright color, with such a simple, but powerful phrase!!!good. very very~The pendant itself is just beautiful.  I didn't give 5stars as the chain is 'ok'.  I am using a different chain I have...looks much nicer.My grandson loved these shoes but they are larger and wider than his other Vans of the same size. He is keeping them as he is still growing, but for others, you will want to watch sizing. Fortunately, if you buy via Prime you can exchange!Very good quality at a very fair price.  Pandora had nothing comparable.This sports bra is wonderful. Sometimes I don't want to take it off how well it fits and feels. can jump and run and do mountain climbers and my beautiful bosoms stay in the bra lol :)
definitely would recommend everyone ( large or small )
I need to order couple more.
and I love the option where you can snap the straps together for extra support and lift :DThese worked out great for what I needed and look pretty good.  I'm using them on mannequin hands and they flex well with the moldable hands.  The only complaint I have is they have the crappy pieces of burlap sack on them, as pictured.  They look way better without that and you can pull it off, but this leaves several dots where the adhesive was. Not a deal killer, but since it's not perfect otherwise, I'm docking a star.Light weight shoe, great for classes @ gymCubic Zirconia Princess Cut 925 Sterling Silver Stud Earrings. 1 Carat Each Stone with Total Wight of 2 Carat. They looked great. the prong on one was slightly bent during shipping but fixable with care not to break it.Balaclava face mask are great for a lot of uses.  I have worn these during my tour in Afghanistan in 2011-2012 and we used these to stay warm, and to keep the dirt out of noses.  Here in the U.S. we don't need to worry to much about dirt flying in the air but its perfect for the winter.  Particularly best if you are out camping, hunting, or skiing.  Sleeping outdoors you can't really keep your face warm without allowing all the moisture to enter your sleeping bag but this eliminates that problem.  As far as quality goes for this product, it is very well made.  The stitching is well done, the balaclava is very easy to use, and it has a good fit over your face.  All in all a good working product.

I received this product for my honest and unbiased review.Nice, soft long undies for that extra insulation during the coldest weather. Met expectations. What is with the word requirement???My 12 year old loves these.Gorgeous ... I like it.will buy againLove this shirt great fit!love it . this dress is full coverage and comfortable. not one that i will wear in the summer. because it is made from heavy material. that you have to add a few things to make work but all and all nice.They are really cute they put my girls pretty goodThese are very nice quality unders for men but the front is flat, there is no pocket for the space you need :)  We had to go a size larger so that things would not be squished.Bit shorter than I like as a 6'3" guyThese are amazing. I had a couple with my son a couple of years ago and knew I needed to get more for this baby. They're so much more comfortable and practical than regular nursing tanks. I wore my last set every single day for 1.5 years and they were still in great shape. They are supposed to fit snug which may seem uncomfortable to some but they stay put! They don't shift around or ride up while you're wearing them at all. Highly recommend.Great for the trail, but a little bulky for the road. Lots of support; like running on pillows. My only complaint is that they are on the heavy side, but that is to be expected for a trail shoe.My son wears a size 4 but these were more like a size 5.  They were wide around the waist so I had to cinch them like crazy, and they were also about an inch too long.  They are Walmart quality pants, which you would accept for the price.  These aren't pants you'll be able to hand down to another kid, but they look nice and can fit skinny boys because of the cinching.  I wouldn't seek these out, but they're okay for inexpensive pants.It was a bit too big for the finger I wanted it on because its a big build, but it is a nice ring.Arrived in good shape unlike the experience of some other reviewers.  Comfortable to wear but it does lose it's shape easily and not so easy to return to it's original shape.  It does serve it's purpose of providing relief from the Florida sun and for the price it is a nice looking hat.Purchased watch for my oldest.  He loves it.  Loves the size of the number when laminated(no more squinting)very cutelovely !my little girl loves themGreat hat, fits well and keeps it's shape after continuous use.Bought this for my sister as a gift. She loved it! She said the packaging was so beautiful and she loved the bracelet.I bought two pair of these...one for myself and one for a gift. They are smaller sized dangles that are perfect for daywear. Very pretty.These boots are not only cute & stylish, they are also amazingly comfortable! Especially for the price! I have one in this beige tone & one in black. The side zipper is the best! making it very easy to put them on and off. great price, great buy, great day!This gives spectacular lines, gives you a tiny waist and a flat tummy but does run tight.  I am 5'8" 155lbs normally wear a 36D or 34DD on the tightest hooks set. I ordered the 36D to wear under a fitted evening gown.  While it was quite comfortable for the first hour of so,  beyond that the steel boning starts to bend and will dig into the ribs. I had to continually loosen it through the course of the evening.  The next morning I found LARGE BRUISES on my ribcage.  If you are trying to decide what size to go with: if you use the smallest hook set either plan to go with your normal size on the largest hooks set, or order one band size up. If you normally use the largest hook set, you will definitely want to order a band size up... trust me, a couple hours into or one meal into the evening and your ribs will be thanking you!It is a very good product and great merch for directioners!!goodThis is a most beautiful top. Front is gorgeous lace, back is plain. I bought the size I normally use & it fit perfectly. I received many compliments. I would definitely recommend this purchase!These shoes are great nice color nice fit when i run it feels like my feet are on clouds its great.Love this hat! Found it locally for $75 and fell in love with the style but not the price.  Found it here on amazon and after it arrived I was thrilled about the quality and fit. Beautiful color and hat is nice and firm. Very pleased and want one in ever color.I purchased these based solely on reviews about performance.  My only complaint is that the toe box area is a little small.  Other then that, the shoes are comfortable to run in and work well on both dirt and turf.Quality heavy weight fabric and true to size.Far and away the best running shoes I've ever worn, which is why I ordered the same ones for the second year in a row. I don't even want to take them off!yesThey were perfectOwn lots of Keens and wear them daily.  Always wanted Keen without the large toe bumper.  These are just the number.  Fit well true to size. Nice design. Inner sole is too slippery when worn to work with socks.  Wish they would use some texture or suede!  I will lightly sandpaper the inner sole and definitely buy another pair. I love themFits good. Not super soft but that's ok. Will buy again.Bought for my wife and she says the feel of the material is great, fit is good, great product.Beautiful shoes, the colors are just like those on the product images. The are very light and soft and you can use them all day without issues straight out of the box. Asics is know for the quality of it's procducts and I don't think this are an exception.I keep buying these as they fit great for a woman with a way bigger stomach than she should have, but that's middle age for you!  Glad that I found jeans that I'm totally happy wearing that fit well and are very comfortable.The belt is nice but a bit thinner than i had expected it to be, however it is well made and the buckel can be replaced if you decide.goodUse only with wrap around glassesVery cute skirt.  I'm 5' 2" (120 lbs) and it covers most of my knee.  It sits low because the skirt is bigger than the RR Skort. I purchased both in a size 2.A little big but they work! A major blessing to keep our little guys feet warm!I love this. Its so cute and fits great.Bought these for someone. She is pleasedthis watch is just what the doctor ordered . it has data for 30 imputs plus 5 alarms as well as a stop watch and 24 hour clock . good value for the moneyThis shirt is great! Was long enough for the recipient, who is on the tall side. Washed well and didn't shrink in the wash.I really l liked everything i them. Good quality-nice design,good fit. I would totally recommend it! I love it very much for such small price.These rain boots are really nice, and should work well on rainy days for my son.  Much nicer quality that the ones I saw at K-Mart.I like these sandals. They look cute and they are pretty comfortable. They aren't as comfortable as the sportier Tevas, but I didn't expect them to be.Beautiful necklace. Good length and size.Nice, thin and minimalist, only one slight change I would make, the edges are a little sharp and ground to v edge all the way around. Not sharp enough to cut you but the corners stick out a little and you feel it when sitting. A good buyThese really do the job. A medium is quite tight on my men's size 9 feet, but that's a good thing in my opinion. Compared to Vitalsox Performance & Recovery (VT1211), the Ames are significantly tighter around my feet, and slightly tighter around my calves.

They are also slightly less dry. If that's not a problem for you, then not to worry. Vitalsox are made with "drystat polypropylene" (from the label) which does seem to be a little dryer. The dp material does slide on a little easier. The Ames sock has a very slight terry-like pile on the inside of the foot. This isn't much cushion, but I guess it may absorb more moisture compared to the Vitalsox. But my feet stay pretty dry, so I can't really speak to that.

I will say that the pile gives the Ames product more resistance when putting it over your feet. Since the Vitalsox product is smoother inside, you can pull it over your foot easier, whereas you have to work with the Ames sock a bit more (but it is also tighter, which is probably contributing to this as well).

As for tightness, keep in mind that tightness will depend on your actual foot AND calf size. Unlike regular socks, there are actually two body metrics involved in sizing a compression sock. Alas, foot size is the only way they are produced and sold, on the assumption that when it comes to calves, one size fits all. I have lean, muscular calves, and they could be a little larger and the socks would still fit. However, if you have "bowling pin" calves, you may need to go to a larger size sock to be comfortable.

My advice is to order one pair to ensure a good fit. Trying different brands is also smart if you are into these things for the long run. They're spendy, and given the nuances of foot/calf fit, it may pay to experiment before committing to one product.

Finally, I like that this product is all black. Vitalsox is a great product as well, but it's emplazoned with chevron-like pattern that runs enough above the foot to be visible below the trouser cuff when crossing my legs. I don't like that when wearing them with casual pants (neither product is made of a dressy enough material to wear with suit slacks). Vitalsox looks better because of the material, but the pattern is a deal-breaker in formal settings.These are really cute garden clogs.  I live on a farm and have looked for years for a shoe that would work for me in the summer.  I hate socks in the summer, refuse to wear hot tennis shoes or boots in the warm weather. The Problem:  Crocs, flip flops, etc. and my feet are dirty from the sand and dirt.  Couldn't find just the right shoe to slip on and off 50 times a day running in and out.  These Sloggers seemed to be perfect....except, again, I wear them barefoot.  Well, very quickly, I decided to take out the insoles and wash them. Oops.  They started to disintigrate. I put them back in the clogs and, apparently, the dye, having been wet, began turning my feet black, (after they had dried). I put them away and didn't wear them for at least a year.  Today, in desperation, I got them back out, removed the insoles, and wore them without.  Bingo!  I now have a rubber, waterproof, very cute outdoor shoe and they are perfectly comfy without the insoles, kind of like a covered, rubber flip flop.  I washed them inside and out completely after wearing and they are clean and ready to go. No more sandy, dirty feet!  Again, they are quite comfy, even after hours of walking around the farm.  Thought this might be helpful to anyone with the same problem.I like it but these run small. Probably because its not made in the US anymore. Shame.I bought this T-shirt as a birthday gift for my nephew as he loves Minecraft. It fitted him nicely, but the T-shirt seems a bit shorter than the average T-shirts. Hopefully, he can wear this T-shirt until he outgrows it. Overall, good quality fabric and design.I generally wear a size 7.5-8 and the 38's are still just a tad bigger than I would like.  However, they are very comfortable and I'm happy with the purchase.Really warm. Looks just like the picture.REally a nice cardigan but too large.Love this beltThese earrings were a gift for my daughter and she loves them!These are comfy; well made and hold up to lots of washings. The fabric is very soft.This was a great wedding shoe for me!  I ordered it in pink and it looked perfect with my ivory dress.  I have several shots were I am sitting with my bridesmaids, who all wore shades of blush pink, and my shoes look adorable!

I was looking for wedges for a long time.  Our ceremony was all outdoors (in a dusty outdoor forest chapel) and our cocktail reception was on a grass lawn.  Needless to say wedges were a must.  I wanted the Badgley Mischka "Lyndee" wedge, but I couldn't find them when I was looking and this was the closest I could find.

These were great and the price was awesome too.  They are pretty high and at the end of the night I was dying to take them off.  I think that is unavoidable though when you wear 4 inch heels from 1:30 pm until at least 12:00 pm running around and dancing, etc.  You are on your feet the entire night.  I was actually pretty impressed with the comfort level.

I am giving these a 4 because they were not perfect when they arrived.  There were a few very small stains that were almost unnoticeable and the straps looked a little bit mangled.  I didn't freak out and wore them anyway and no one could ever tell they were not absolutely flawless.  I will probably never wear these again bc they did get dirty from being outside, etc.

Also, they run small.  I am usually an 8.5 to 9.  I ordered 9 and had to send them back for a 9.5.  I never wear a 9.5.Perfect fit, style, and comfort.These are a nice size and quality.These are super cute and just what I expected. My son wears a 9 right now, but doesn't need them for another 2 months, so I decided to get a 9 1/2. I measured his foot just to make sure and he is technically between a 9 and a 9 1/2. These shoes (9 1/2) seem to be more like a 10, but IF there is a size discrepancy (and it's not just my mistake), it is not enough to make much of a difference. Width-wise my son has average feet, so I can't speak to the width problems that others are having. The regular width fits his foot fine.I love these sandals now that I have broken them in and expanded the front of the shoe with a potato! LOL. Without the expansion, the toe bed was too tight and narrow even for my tiny feet.Fits just a tiny bit snug but not too bad. It's super stretchy so that helps. I'm 5'3 and 150 lbs and I bought the L. Decent material and it isn't see through so that's a plus. Quick delivery, too.If you're looking at these then you probably already know why they're popular.  I can attest they're well made bushcraft pants.  I had no problems with my fit using the guide on the Fjallraven website.  They actually fit well enough I wore them to work to break them in and had a lot of people asking about them.  They are designed long.  Definitely recommend if the price doesn't scare you.  While they're more expensive they may be a better alternative to tactical style pants like ACU or BDU.Perfect..Thanks! :)Love Mickey. Love the many different displays of same. Perfect 4th of July addition.Super comfy! So silky smooth and looks amazing. Already ordered more. Definitely recommended.Great quality fabric, wonderful fitThese all worked as intended, but for me it turned out to be overkill. I don't need this many, but they work great. I mostly needed the white ones (longest ones) and sometimes the red ones. Never used the other two so that part was kind of a waste.Love these!I really liked this evening bag. The reason for the 4 stars was because the snap that closes the bag was extremely loose. I was unable to close it and had to keep it closed by just clutching it to my side. I periodically checked to make sure I did not loose any of my valuables. Also some of the glitter along the from came off because the paper was stuck.
Overall the bag complemented my outfit. Beautiful bag and cannot wait to use it again.
(PS: I did have the snap fixed )Good.Nice shoes and they are holding up well especially after quite a bit of basketball playing.It looks just as it described, Prince symbol is cool but fabric is not so great, cheap cotton I guessFit just rightVery nice dress and once I get pictures I will postvery nice lookingAwsome . Everyone loved it. It does run about a size and half small.Wife really loves the shoes.  They seem to run a little small, would order a half size bigger next time.I've always loved skechers because the fit is good for my feet.  These seemed a little narrow when I wear athletic socks.  They are very cushiony tho so I'll get thinner socks to wear with them.  Overall a nice looking shoe - just a tad on the narrow side.They fit just fine.Glad to find this sturdy old standby is still available out there - the new ones just aren't as strong.  perfect for my son's uniforms.Great shorts!  My legs aren't very long so I think these shorts look good on me.  They also function extremely well, will buy again.Bought as a gift and my sno. Loves them. They are true to size and very good quality. He wears them alot nowI like be the shoes. They are super cute and easy to put on. My son was excited about wearing them, but took some time to get used to them. He complained they were tight at first. They weren't, they run true to size, think he just had to get used to the way the rubber and fabric met.Just received this today.  Super cute!Feels and looks amazing. Definitely worth the money!Fantastic quality and at a great price.love it very good qualityGreat hatLoveMade great, fits great and love how it looks.PerfectThis was much smaller than I expected. It seems to run  smaller than other brands of SMALL.Love themgoodI am very pleased with the comfort and security of not slipping in the pool while working out.Very nice art work on the shirtBest feeling golf shoes around.Send me a 1xI sent for these because one reviewer said she didn't like that they had so much arch support. Oddly enough, I don't feel they have any. It's not a problem, because I wear orthotics. What I like most is that they are not too soft. Lately, with the focus being on thinner soles and feeling as if running barefooted, I find sneakers are too squishy, which causes me knee discomfort. I've owned Saucony's before (Hurricane most recently) and I like the support these offer the best. I've only worn them twice, so I can't give them 5 stars yet. Oh, and I like the color combination.Way too big, I tapered them myself and now they are 2 Legit These boots fit exactly as expected and are extremely comfortable.  They were relatively cheap in price and have far exceeded my expectations in comfort and wear.Great Value!Got this for my son who was leaving for the Marine Corps just before Christmas. It's a beautiful piece for the price and my son loves it.Nice cheaply priced vestI normally wear a size 7 but read they run a little big.  So, I ordered a 6.5 and they fit perfectly.Great value!  Awesome jeans!Nike is notorious for lack of any consistency in their sizing (clothing, too).  My hub wears certain Nike shoes a half size larger, and these indeed work that wayI am a very tiny girl always have been, it's very hard for me to find leggings that fit me and not look baggy.  I will say after a few washes they did start to lose their form-fitting abilities but for the price they're pretty durableThe shirt out of the box (or bag in this case) fit good; although the sleeves were a bit long.  I should point out that at 150 lbs and 5' 9" my build is slim.  I washed the shirt (cold water) and ran it through the dryer (lowest heat setting), and it shrunk to fit PERFECT! The material is a soft cotton and not too heavy.  I'll probably buy another in this lineGreat gift but could be slightly largersooo nice dress .. true to size and same as the picture with bright colorsI got the khaki long socks and I will state up front the only only reason I am giving 4 stars is because they were a lot thinner than I expected. I thought they would be thicker and since they are not, they are not nearly as warm as the other one I purchased. So part of that may just be user error, but I guess based on the photos of all the other socks/leg warmers, I thought they would be more the same thickness as the leg warmers. With that being said, I do love the socks themselves. They will be perfect for Fall and Spring for me. My feet get really, really cold so I have been on the hunt for some really good, long winter socks that don't cost a small fortune since we have moved to New England. I have large calves and thighs and these fit without any trouble. I do fold them over to just below my knee because I don't like the feel of over the knee socks, but I love the length (strange I know). Over all they are a good sock, well made and seem like they will last a long time. I did receive these at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.Love this bra. Comfortable fit and gives that little l lift and support to give you confidence. Washes well.I love the golden color. It is so beautiful and it matches with all my dresses. Loved it.I like these boxes and am anxious to use them on our upcoming trip.  The colors are great and they seem to be very well made.  I will have to do a followup after I actually use them to pack.Dynamite!  I bought both the silver and gold - one for each daughter.  They are like fine jewelry watches.  It was a good decision and I am sure the girls will be pleasantly surprised.Dress was beautiful, nicely made but with a few scraggly edges of crochet that could easily be trimmed to clean up.  Unfortunately, the top was extremely too small and the bottom half was way too big and too long.  Loved that it had a built-in bra and so disappointed the dress was just not made for me and had to send back  ):Great workmanship. Casual and good looking.These are my daughter's favorite jeans/jeggings. Good quality and price. She has 3 pairs!Wasn't one for accessories but when somebody gave this to me, the style just made me want to wear this everyday. The leather gave this such a vintage look. Overall, great bracelet. Looking forward to more styles like this from Jstyle.Nice. But one day late deliveryNice for the price.  Fits my Pandora well.  A little bigger than Pandora charms. Shipping seemed to take a long time, even though it was in stock, but it did arrive by the estimated ship date.Good quality but size runs larger than expectedVery pretty dress wore it for my Bridal Showertook a little time to get used to but love them!They run true to Mizuno sizing.  I don't like the way they rub on the fronts of my ankles, but otherwise, they are good shoes.It works great, thanks :)I had to send the medium back even after I measured myself because it was too large.  So they run a little big.  It is the greatest creation ever for those who work in the OR however.  I was the third to get one and now there are about 10 of us with them.  Plus a few guys wives who are always cold,  And still more planning on getting one.  I wore mine under my ski jacket as well on a trip and it improved life greatly as it was in the negatives that day.
The only bad thing is the battery life.  It gets maybe 5-6 hours on high, somewhere between 8-11 on medium and low.  It's a lithium battery and I've been told it wears out over time so many recommend getting a second battery but they are not cheap and carrying a second would weigh you down quite a bit.I ordered one size up and shirt fit very well.  Nice shirt.  The spandex blend is a little different but not badThese are great summer sandals.  These sandals are wonderful when I am going to be near water.  No problem if they get wet!  They wear and wear.very niceI got a large because I like a bit of baggy-ness to my sweaters. It's soft and perfect length. I usually fit into mediums but the large is great if you want more arm room. The length of the arm isn't too big either if you are worried about that. A great buy.Got this for my son for his birthday. Fits great! Awesome design and he wears it SO much! Still looks great after several washes. He's a big Flash fan so it was a hit!I love this wallet. I love that it can be a wallet or a lanyard. It comes in handy when I am out with the baby. Throw it around my neck no purse or digging through the diaper bag.These cubes are just fine but a lot larger than I really wanted.I love Lesportsac and Amazon has such great prices! This bag is big and can fit so many things. I got it and used it this past weekend to pack over night bag for two adults, one toddler and one 4 years old. So it can hold a lot of things...So if you looking for a nice size bag to pack for gym, or over night weekends..this is a good optionthese are a gift for my son and they arrived quickly and were packaged nicely. He has yet to try them on since they are for ChristmasLove these rash guard shirts!  This is my second one to order. My first one I ordered my usual size, XL, in white.  Love it but wanted it a little looser so my second one in navy, I ordered it in 2XL.  Very pleased with both!perfectThese are great, but ive only worn them about ten times and they're starting to look slightly wornI found the credit card slots to be pretty tight, and in fact it took several months for me to be able to remove some of my cards reasonably well.  Otherwise perfect.super cute hoodie for a great price. my 3 year old loves it and so do her friends!Great boots so far!Love this little topa little strange fittingVery awesome to find a shirt that helps with my embarrassing under arm sweat that generally goes right through my shirt. I've used these a few weeks now and most days I've stayed Pitt stain free. The one time I tried to wear a light blue dress shirt I was disappointed, for some reason on one side I had a lot of sweat get through the shirt, most of the sweat went through at the front of the pad. I've yet to figure out if maybe one of the three shirts I ordered is cut wrong or just has one bad pad. The other thing people should know is that these shirts do take some extra work washing. You have to wash them separately on cold and dry them on low, it takes about 2 hours to dry them. I will continue to wear these and maybe try a couple other brands to figure out if there is anything better out there.Needed a bow tie for my son's graduation that had a pop of color against the dark royal blue of the graduation robe.  This was perfect and he even enjoys wearing it for every day occasions.  Easy to adjust, put on & wear.  Nice fabric & well put together.The appearance and feel are really gorgeous, very rich look. The chain strap is also a nice metal grey so it blends into your outfit instead of standing out. A little imperfection on the inside (glue from the lining) but does not affect the use of the purse. A little heavy due to the strap if you use it like a clutch, maybe take off the chain from inside. Very nice gift, my sister loves it.Shipping was on time, product was exactly as described. I gave 4 stars because the band fits odd on my wrist. On one setting its too loose but the next notch it's too snug. Other than that its really cute.  Some one mentioned on a review they don't know why the ring with numbers moves... It's to help calculate time. If you have a meeting at 3:15 and they say its 20 minutes long, you put the top arrow at the 15 mark and count 20 dashes and that's what time your meeting ends.Very Nice shoes, i was expecting to get them with the tool to remove the metal spikes because it's not for an cold environment use...Fit fine in the chest but the shoulders and arms were about an inch too long. Was able to correct this by washing and drying it on a high heat.This dress flows very nicely.First of all, ignore the other review calling this a "warm" jacket.  It isn't warm at all.  The jacket is actually quite thin and if you wear it in cold weather, you WILL freeze.

Now that the correction of the inaccurate description is out of the way...

This is a Rain Jacket.  The material feels rubbery/plastic-like and is thin...which is standard for Rain Jackets.  Any cool breeze will immediately make the entire material cool down.  The interior of the jacket is lined with a mesh fabric to help ventilation in hotter weather.  The only part of the jacket with my real lining is the detachable hood.  But the hood has no drawstring in order to keep the wind out and the warmth in...again, somewhat standard for a Rain Jacket.

Durability - considering the material...this jacket will last as long as other rain jackets...which is to say, if you treat it harshly, it will not last six months.  Care must be taken while wearing this rain jacket in order to not tear it.  The front closes with a zipper and the storm-flap is closed via snap buttons.  Snapping and unsnapping the buttons, one can almost feel the material stretch.

Usefulness - the jacket has one interior left chest pocket which is only big enough to fit a wallet.  The four exterior pockets (shown) fasten with a normal button and are big enough to fit your hands in.  The one zippered pocket is the same size and is mostly there for added style.

Style - for a rain jacket, this one is actually very stylish.  You can actually wear this to be both dry and fashionable.

Is this jacket worth the price?  Considering that most good rain jackets run about this price...then yes, this is definitely worth the purchase.  You get functionality AND style which is rare to find in this type of item...just, again, DO NOT expect to be warm in this jacket.good price for 9 pairsGot the locks fast and I'm anxious to try them out.Would have gave 5 stars, but the seller fails to communicate what kind of fit the shirt is.... I was expecting a fitted shirt and ended up with a loose shirt.... Other than that product is great!Loved this product so much, I bought a second one.Cute ... I love these shoes!!! The two tone makes them easy to go with everything!Very good quality jacket.  Unfortunately they made the sleeves a bit too long, so I had to return it.I love mine. The butt flap is annoying though because they velcro comes undone without much provokation sometimes.This is a great belt, but it definitely runs bigger than they say. My son is eight years old and is very fit, solid, but not 'skinny' and this belt is huge on him. He may be able to fit into it by the time he is 10 - but he is currently wearing size 8 boys pants.I love these boots, this is my second pair. I've had the first pair (in black) for several years and they are still one of my favorite winter footwear. The only problem with the brown is it is so dark it is almost black. I was hoping for a brighter brown to wear with things that don't work with black boots.I received this yesterday! I love it! Its fits as expected. I'm a small size 12, small boned, & the dress fits perfect but the jacket fits good except the shoulders are a touch big...but that's normal for me..my shoulders are not wide.  I love the length & the color! I can't wait to wear it!I absolutely love this hat. Due to genetics I sweat profusely but when I work out with this hate is wicks the sweat away from my face perfectly I almost never out without it.My 4yo LOVES this suit. The bottoms fit perfectly, but the top is a little bit loose for what I normally expect from a rash guard. But the kiddo loves it so I don't mind. The colors on the suit are vibrant and I haven't noticed any fading over the 4 months that she has been wearing it. (And she wears it frequently, sometimes all day whether she is going to get wet or not.)good for spin classExcellent and has held up well to about a year of good use now.  Love the hood to keep the sun off of my cheeks.  Sleeves were a little long, maybe 1' for me.First off it's a beautiful swim suit, good quality, only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the top is to small for my DD breast. I plan to add some wire to it for extra support.
Nice swimsuit for the price.I love these underwear and I wish Amazon would offer Subscribe & Save for them because my dog keeps eating them which is totally gross but I keep having to buy a new pack every month or two. Anyway, I am about 5'8", 125 lbs, typically wear a size 4, and always get a medium in these underwear because I hate undies that are tight and cut into my fleshier parts or give me a muffin top. They do shrink slightly when you wash them in warm and dry them, so keep that in mind when you choose your size (also why I get a medium). They are really comfortable and work great for everyday wear and working out. I also love the reasonable price.I ordered a pair of these and ended up sending them back. I have a regular pair of Go Play (not the All Night style) and these seem a lot more on the narrow side compared to my first pair. My other Go Play shoes fit fine and I love them (a gray pair).Gorgeous shoe for my wedding day!! Also fit great. Expect lots of comments!! :)Best shoes for kids! I can rinse them off and they're good to go! The only downside is that they make my sons feet sweaty and they can get a little smelly but we live in Florida so we get pretty sweaty lolOn Supreme court not good enough when runNice soft cotton - just slightly tight.. XL was not available.I love this watch. It works for day and for evening. The band width is just the right size (I have a small wrist and had to have a few links removed.) but the width is not at all overpowering and neither is the watch face. The band itself is two tone silver colored and just beautiful. The pink background on the face is pretty but not at all distracting. I had no trouble setting it without reading the directions and the day/date function works just fine. It is a great value for the price and I would recommend this watch for any woman in your life.Size and color as expectedWas also looking for something to hang necklaces , this was to short for that, otherwise very happy with the quality of product. Works well for earnings and rings.Great fitFits fine.  Carries it in my bag everywhere I go.  The only complaint i have is that I wanted the beige and black to match my coat but received the red and black.  am still happy with it.This watch is very accurate and best of all, it never needs a battery. All you have to do is wear it to know what the time is. Only 4 stars because with my aging eyes, the date VERY hard to see but I would reccomend this watch to anyone looking for an accurate time piece.Very cute, but the size was too large. There were no instructions included on how to return the shoe.it they fit her they would of been great :) good qualityThis backpack is wonderful! My 18-month-old loves working the buckles and my 3-year-old loves wearing it. Win win!Oh my goodness, this dress..... I am so in love with it. I can't describe the comfort level..... I am a large woman so most dresses of this type tend to bind or show off lumps and bumps very unflatteringly, so I was skeptical when I ordered this. I was FLOORED when it arrived! The material is super soft and stretchy. It's not chiffon, it's the same stuff they make the really nice leggings out of - almost a swimsuit material. It stretches both ways, lays smooth, and lumps and bumps are disguised nicely. It covers enough you can wear a bra underneath, but honestly, if you wanted to go without, you can totally get away with that in this dress. I am 6ft tall, the dress falls about 3/4 down my calf, the v in the vneck goes down about as far as a standard vneck tshirt. The arm holes are the perfect size and do not show off any side-boob. The shirring at the waistI thought might be too snug but it lays perfectly even and flat. i can find zero problems with the stitching and I didn't even know there was a side zipper until I read other reviews of this dress. I didn't need it - the dress slipped over my head just fine. The zipper is discreet enough that I totally missed it when I tried the dress on. I need more of these! I did get a discount on this dress so I could review it, but man, let me tell you - this dress is QUALITY and COMFORT. I'll be buying the grey version and crossing my fingers that they make more colors soon. If the Manufacturer is reading this, I'd love to have this in black, emerald green and a nice purple. Or even a pastel pink or peach color.love, but it shrinks fastFit as expected. Cute shoes!a bit small but I adjusted it to make it look okay. above all I like it still, you don't even notice that a bit small on meBought for my daughter for ChristmasI love them thanksHeavy duty boots.  Got some weight to them can be tiring.  Need some time to get broken in. Owned a pair years ago don't remember what # they were most comfortable out of box. Darn wish I can rememberI have a toga party coming up this weekend and didn't feel like making my own costume.
I bought the large with amazon prime for $21.99. The package arrived on time as always.. gotta love prime!
However, the costume is missing the belt. It looks like some other people are missing the belt as well.
I did live chat with Amazon customer service, was told that I could either have the costume replaced or get a $7 refund for the missing item. Since the party is coming up in 3 days, I went with the refund.

The product is almost exactly as pictured, but there's nothing I can do to make the sash look as long as it is in the picture, while being folded over the belt.
As everyone says, this dress is very see through, but the way the dress fits me is flattering but relaxed so you can't really see the lines my undergarments through the fabric. It IS stretchy, and I can see it easily fitting too tight, so I recommend ordering a size up if you aren't sure. I am 5'7", 135lbs and like to think that I'm medium, but went with large partially to be safe, but mostly because medium did not have prime. The large fits me really well.

I already have a white tank dress that is not noticeable when worn underneath I will be wearing my own belt.
Overall, I'm really satisfied with Amazon and with the product. The toga looks good!I have a few reviews of other zip hoodies that didn't work for me. My intentions for a zip hoodie is to wear to work in. I need something that is movable and doesn't bind me while providing moderate warmth. I happened to buy a few Champion t-shirts recently, it seems they've reinvented their company (similar to Russell, Fila and a few others). The shirts I bought were favorite sizes possible, the XB sizes. My ancestors blessed/cursed me with a big neck, shoulders and arms. I'm always looking for clothes with a big cut or even some athletic big cuts. The Champion 4XB shirts were huge on me. That's never happened. Too huge even. So I had a good feeling about buying a standard 4X in this zip hoodie. It fits me really good. I'm 6'3" 275 and can wear it while working (mostly manual labor, carrying, hammering etc...) It's not a thick material either. It's a nice, breathable, movable polyester material that's not hot at all. I probably could wear the 3XL in it, but no sense in pushing my luck. Very impressed with this hoodie. Would recommend to anyone who has trouble squeezing into the standard-sized and cut hoodies. Pockets are also a welcome, they have the flat-style to them so whatever you put in them doesn't go flying out. I would thank to the person, most likely a big man, who came up with "generous cut".Very light and comfortable. I would not recommend for running because not very good ankle supportThese are great! They stay on your foot and don't roll down your heel. Highly recommended!!Very cute charm. Design only on one side.The watch is beautiful and wears beautifully.These are a very attractive pair of lightweight fabric men's slacks. They look (and mostly feel) great. The fabric is exceptionally light - these slacks are meant to be worn in very warm weather only and I would not feel comfortable with most wallets in these pants as the fabric is definitely on the thin side. The cut of the legs is very contemporary, with a straight cut and absent the baggy look that similar clothes had just a couple of years ago. The waist is surprisingly tight for a 36-inch waist, so I'd recommend trying this on at a store rather than just ordering online.Fits exactly as expected...I really like the material and it's perfect for a not so cold winter day...Was extremely happy with these! They fit my son as expected. Size and color were accurate. Soft material!Wife loves it, great price too.Well made, comfortable and attractive shoes, the problem is my husband giant feet , he needed a size 14.This costume is perfect! I'm wearing a white leotard underneath because the fabric is see through, but it fits true to size. There were previous reviews about the wig being too small, but I didn't buy this costume for the wig anyways. I think it would fit if my hair was short and thin. I'll probably just do my own hair. Don't buy this costume for the wig. There's better wigs out there if you really don't want to do your own hair. The belt doesn't fit as snug as I would like it to, so I'm going to trim off the extra bit that hangs off at the end and then either add velcro to it or just safety pin it to the dress. It should be fine without safety pins though because there's a generous amount of velcro on the belt. I have a 26-inch waist and 35-inch hips for reference. Can't wait for Halloween!!Very pretty and comfortable.nice pants , just didn't fitA little bit bigger face than I expected, but still love it. Very happy with the purchase.Awesome shirt I get compliments all the time.I was pleasantly surprised with this dress!! The price made me a bit hesitant, I thought it would be thin or cheap material. That was not the case at all. It's nice thick material with a side zipper. The only thing I'm taking a star off for is the slit. It goes all the way up to my crotch! I may have to wear a dress underneath it just to make it appropriate for my husbands work Christmas party! Other than that it is HOT! Fits great. I'm about 5'4 and 170 lbs and the XL looks stunning.  I tried to get a full body pic of it but it was hard haha. Awesome dress!Works as it shouldRing is very light weight and keeps the shine very well. Doesn't get Knicks or scratches. The width of the ring is nice for someone who has bigger hands. Could do without the velvet box, or should be offered for someone giving as gift.Great pants! My husband loves them!Love this shirt!This is a very cute outfit and made with quality fabric.  Fits true to size.  We've had many compliments on this.loved itshe loved it! teal is the new purple.. company sent very quickly and was packaged well.  product looks very nice, and was very affordable.These are great. I have plantar fasciitis, and these have helped my feet feel much better at the end of the day. I wear a size 9.5 USA, and these fit as expected.Fits great warm and material is exelentWarm and soft. Makes for a great office layer (my office can get pretty chilly)A good baseball and really suitable for all sizes, that's just not a leather visor! This little trick interferes with the estimate perfectly.My wife loves her first pair of Birkenstocks!  Thanks.These are the warmest gloves I have ever owned. They fit great and they are very comfortable. Everything I expected when I bought them. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a decent pair of warm gloves.Just what I needed at a good price!Used for a costume. PerfectMy husband bought me this ring when we got engaged.  It is absolutely gorgeous!!  The downside to it is the metal is so soft that the stone moves, A LOT!  I had our jeweler resize it and tighten it up.  I wore it for a month and it was loose again.  Only complaint that I had with this ring.Super comfortable, doesnt seem to need a break-in period. And seem to be mostly waterproof.Super soft. Nice and warm. Large was a bit large. Sleeves cover most of my hands. I'm 5'10" and one ninety. Wouldn't want a smaller size though.I like tank's AmazonSimple and cute. Loved it. I received many compliments and it was tasteful. BUT not suited for fat girls though.Got these for my son and they are SO stinkin CUTE!! They keep his feet warm and he is still able to walk easily with them on.LOVE THIS SHIRT!!!Worked great in China. Very comfortableReally cute dress. I love the way it flows.These boots are perfect. Got them because I needed something to wear during cold weather and these work great. Only problem is the part of the boot that goes up the calf is a little tight and is a little hard to zip.Love these sandals. Got them in the metallic and have gotten lots of compliments and they are comfortable. However, the size 10 seems very big and I keep tripping over the front of the shoe. I don't usually fit in 9.5, but if they had it, I would get another pair in 9.5.Hubby loves them!This sexy lace top is beautiful and sexy and my husband really loved it. Only problem I had with it was size it fit a bit snug so I would recommend getting a size larger then what you would normally wear. I reviewed this item at a discount price for my unbyass review.Very comfortable.I bought this brand for the first time.  Avid walker....use them for that.....so far so good.My wife love it that's all that matters mthese.......well it would be 5 stars if the bottoms had longer lasting grip but jesus are these soft on the inside. will buy againIt is a great productHad to order about half a size smaller than normal!First of all, these are rather low waisted, with a roomy waist and a fair amount of stretch, so a good belt is a must for me or they slide down (flattering fit through hip and butt).  The denim is thick enough to work in (farm work).  The stitching down the hip does accentuate curves, which may or may not be your thing.  I have 37 1/2 inch true hips and these sit below at the hip bone (I am about 34 inches and there is room to spare in these jeans -thus the need for the belt).  I ordered 27.  I don't love them, but they are comfortable.  I got a discount, but I am not sure I would pay full price for them.I love this jacket! Fits and looks great!Cute necklaceThis is an ample suit. You don't have to wiggle and squirm to get it on and so it doesn't do any body shaping in that respect. BUT, it is very flattering.  The skirt does not roll up on the butt like other skirted suits. This suit is great for long torso but can also be rouched to fit.  The straps are comfortable and the suit is modest. Overall, for the money, this is an excellent buy!Perfect fit!Everything as expectedA bit large from the bottom and a bit too small up top.This sweater fits as advertised, looks sharp looking, and feels good. It made a great gift that really pleased the recipient.Sunglasses are well made and stylish in true Ray Ban fashion. I have a somewhat bigger head and smaller glasses look funny on me, these are the perfect size.Needs a lot of ironingI love this being suit! The cut is perfect and very flattering. I'm usually a medium in swim wear but this bathing suit runs a little big because I had to exchange for a small.They were too small nothing wrong with the productgoodMy daughter loves itTook this backpack to Asia....kept my contents secure and was very comfortable.  Would absolutely recommend this product !beautiful haven't worn it yet, but really prettyRecommended purchasePerfect size and I use daily and it is still in good condition.bought this a size bigger and glad I did.I'd been hesitant to buy clothing on the internet, but these jeans are perfect.Wore this as a substitute for a plain black bow tie that is part of a Navy military uniform.  Was a big hit.  The anchors are subtle enough that it didn't clash with the formal uniform, but showed personality.  Got lots of compliments.  For the price, you can't beat this bow tie.  Material looks nice and expensive.  No issues trying to adjust the clasp.Feel cool air through stitching but doesn't bother me.Bat is not whiteI like it so much I ordered another in a different colorGreat socks, wish I could get a little smaller size.normally I order an XL or XLT and have room for t-shirt under it but received this and the XLT is like a L.
Feels as if someone already washed it and I received it pre-shrunk.  Otherwise a very nice looking shirtVest works great, but worn three times and the on/off button came out. The seller responded quickly and replaced the affected vest.Bought my first pair whilst in Santa Cruz, and worn them for the past two years in Australia

And now i have a second pair ready for when they wear out.

Live in Australia can't get them here

Most comfortable shoe I have wear them everywhereLove these shoes!Bought it as a Valentine's Day gift for the Mrs., she was not disappointed at all!okLove themWatch quality - great (Swiss ISA movement, sapphiteck crystal, luminous hands, screw-down crown). Design, appearance, size - perfect.  Price - very good (when on sale). What could be better - date window size could be bigger, could have rotating bezel and could be even 200m water resistant instead of 100m. Anyway amazing watch for the price.I'm a 36D and this bra fit perfectly.  Love them!Great price, the ring is very nice and my husband loves it!! It's simple yet strong enough for his every day activityExcellent tie for the price!This was an exact replacement for my sons watch. He loves it. It was easy to install and makes the watch look like new.I bought this skirt unsure of whether it would fit and it definitely is very cute but was a bit smaller in the hips than I was hoping for. Otherwise it fits well! It's VERY short though, beware. This skirt is definitely a micro-mini.She loves itNot great for standing in all day but is getting better after being broken in of course. I can only buy New Balance because of the size of my foot. Great shoe for a great price.Comfortable and well manufactured.Love these! Havent actually worn them but they feel great! I usually wear a 9 or 9 1/2 but got a 10 and I'm glad i did.They were perfect for my Halloween fun!I love the tank, it doesn have washing instructions. Hand wash it! If u put in the washer it will pull. Otherwise it deserves 5 starsnice product, well madeVery nice well fitted shirt.USA made enough said.Great fit and nice cushioning and a neutral color that goes with all of my workout gear.  Win win!Love this shirt.  Brings me back to my college days.  My son didn't know what it was (thank goodness). Sturdy and a great fit that is loose.Nice an warm, comfortable, while being slightly smaller than the usual size 9.Nice dressFit as expected, very pretty bra. Comfortable straps. The  underwire is a bit uncomfortable, but that may just be me as I don't typically wear them.Holy Softness!!  These were much softer than I expected. They also stretch nicely.
I had two babies within 13 months and...I'm still trying to lose the baby weight.  I'm a size 12 now and this size 12 is sliiiightly smaller than other brands.  However, it's great motivation and they are still comfortable.

They are slightly longer then other brands but I like it!  They fit nicely under boots.

And THANK you for the real pockets. For goodness sakes.  Ladies need pockets!  ;)

Summary:  You can tell the quality of material, stitching and production is much higher.I love this bra I'm very picky about my bras. This one is so comfortable. I'm small cheated (b) since my pregnancies. So every bra I've bought haven't fit right. I felt like everyone noticed. This bra fits perfectly I would definitely buy another one. And it's a plus not having to deal with the annoying underwireVery very warm coat for the winter. Nice insulation and keeps you heated. The fit is okay. It's a little tight on the body but big in the arms. Other than that it's a great parka.Love the color and coverage of this polish. I don't like taking a lot of time to paint my nails and ALWAYS manage to smudge even when I'm super careful and wait a long time for drying. With this glittery, fast drying formula, smudges and chips simply don't show when they do occur (which is very rarely - by the time I reach the pinky, the thumb is already dry). Also, a quick retouch every few days works to make nails look newly painted. Since it's a fast drying fun color that doesn't show mess ups, it's great for the little toes and fingers of my 2 and 7 year olds, too. I bought two to make sure I stay stocked for a long time after my current bottle runs dry.Absolutely gorgeous, great quality mink jacket. Just a little too big.I live in the north where we have snow.  I bought the wool coat to be warm. I was surprised the coat is very thin so I have to add layers or wear when it is not as cold in 60 degree weather.I liked the product. I have been looking for nonbulky change purse and this is it. Loved the color!Exactly what I wantedSuper cute and fits a variety of sizes.I love these shoes.  I wear them all the time.. They give good support and y back doesn't hurt when walking.Fits great!I purchased a large right before I lost some weight, but even so, it was like a circus tent. I did not follow washing instructions in the hopes of shrinking it, which it did. (So if you are happy with the size, be sure to follow washing instructions or it will shrink!) The nightgown is still long and flowy, and a little big all around, but I love it. It is super warm and cozy. I have since found one in a medium, and it fit truer to the picture. I don't like it as much. I think if I'm going to go all out and wear one of these, I need it to cover me to my ankles and keep me toasty warm.Gym pool sandal, does the job.I got the gold mustard. I'm usually small but thanks to the reviews, I went 2 sizes up. Large fits well! Fair price for a good material.Item was perfect!Cute watch received at a reduced price in exchange for review. Very stylish and goes with anythingexactly as advertised.Love this boots! Great purchase and kept my feet warm and dry through out winter (2014) here in MD. Great traction and have held up to foot patrols and daily wear.Beautiful  lime green earrings  but very very small.This outfit is doll-baby cute!!!  My daughter is a thin child and I purchased the 5 and it fit her great, but she is not really a 5- size 4 pants and shirt are the normal size I would purchase with room to spare.  The fringes swing and it is a sassy outfit!!Very pretty rain boots. Excellent brand and quality of these boots. The color is like Tiffany blue. Love them but slightly large. I bought the size 7. I'm usually a 7 or 7.5. Purchased the Hunter boot socks in same color. Now they should fit perfectly. Only worn once. Clean off easily.  Should last for years. Like saying goes, you get what you pay for. These aren't inexpensive boots but very well made. Even like the box they came in.It's beautiful and will match the earrings I bought for my wedding perfectly. Only problem is that it came in broke. It's completely missing two loops to connect it and a piece was broke off the actual necklace. Luckily, it won't be noticeable.Great pants. Very durable and reasonably priced.Great products!Hey you want to spend a fortune on a watch go ahead. This is one of the lowest cost digital watches with a metal band that exsist on the planet. It is also very durable and should last years. I have had this current watch for at least 2 years. No problems. Of course you could go out and buy something that does the same job for 10 - 20 times this price. A rational creature should ask why they would want to throw money away on a watch...

Some people must impress others. If so this watch is not for you. Somepeople want flash. If so this is not the watch for you. If you use a watch for the time... and you are practical... and you don't want to throw money away.... This watch is for you.nice shoe.  Fits our 6-year old perfectly.Unfortunately I  had to send them back because of fit, but the overall quality and idea of style was good. They were easy to send back. Still waiting for the credit on my account.Bought as a gift for my dad for Christmas. He loved it. Really cool shirt.Elastic seems weak. Held up on first wearing. Hope holds up in the wash.Awwwsome. I love that bag and that strong leather scent. The only issue is that it has no zipper. Other than that its very well made..love it.Exactly what I wanted.Great!
Back side wants to ride up it would be nice to secure that so to stay put.
Very happy otherwise.Fits very true to size.  Cute dress!  My 5 year old loves it.  Good length too.  Lots of colors, so plenty to tight options to pair with it.My keds were a perfect fit and true to size. They arrived quicker than expected. My experiences with Amazon are always excellent.Too small. I use men 7.5 using original converse. 7.5 shinmax is too small. Is not narrow small is lenght small. Quality was ok for the price. If you are a 7.5 using converse, buy an 8.5 or 9 for shinmax.I love this one. It fit just perfect.  Again this is a size 5. How each shoe fit different in size 5.Fits good, heavy material, long lasting. Best shirt for the price.For a large, I wish it was a little broader in the shoulders. I'm normally a large and the extra large Patagonia I ordered in a slightly different style previously was too big, so I stuck with a large this time. While it fits, I can't wear anything to heavy underneath it. I'm 5'9 and typically a size 10 in women's.
Also I have the purple color and it collects, hair, lint everything... I'm always having to lint roll it.Great value for the money. Seen boots for twice the money and not as nice. Fit was better than expectedLove this bodysuit for my pole fitness work out. Strong, durable material that washes well. It's similar to a swim suit, comfortable fit and looks sexy. I am 5'4" and 135 pounds, bra size is a 34C, and I feel the Medium size fits very well. I would purchase from this company again, I am very happy with this product.Great shipping time, nice productShe loves them!My daughter loves this ring I got it for her birthday and she is all about it she really hasn't taken it off since I got it for her great quality ring thank youNeeded some non-slip socks for my Pilates reformer classes. I didn't like the socks with individual toes. These fit well and work as expected. Highly recommended!Smaller than expected but okayThese are very nice - but they are anklet size only - very short. Soft and beautiful but I was expecting longer legwarmers.Arrived in perfect condition. A lot of value for under $200.Cute dress, love the pockets. I wear a size 6 in dresses so I went a size up to a 8/10, fits perfectly.great scrub pants! fit great and work for people with hips.Nothing wrong with the shoe. I sent them back because I thought they were stiff and uncomfortable but that's just me.This is the only bra that fits me the way it should. I'm a big girl and it is hard to find a bra I am happy with. I wear 44B and this bra  is perfect for me. Fits around comfortable and fits my boobs the way it should, not hangy at the nipple or loose fitting in the cup anywhere anything.Great, comfy.My wife says this is thbe most beautiful bag I ever ownedWorks great. Looks classic and awesome. Not bulky so it looks good on thinner wrists. I would highly recommend this if you are looking for a nice leather strap timepiece. Great buy.These socks were a total hit as a birthday gift.  Everyone who saw them wanted them!Product came as described. It worked well. It was easy to use. Unfortunately one is part of it broke the first day. It was more user error than anything. Hopefully I will be able to fix it. See photo.I bought a pair for my sister too! I love these shoes!Love them....will order more!WHAT I EXPECTEDComfortable and sexy.I love this shirt! The colors are bold and eye catching. It draws people's attention.My husband loves his new ring.  He stated that it is a comfortable fit. This ring came in a nice box.I bought these because of the great price point and the fact that they match a necklace I have perfectly.

They look nice and are very lightweight...I only have 2 "issues"...

ONE, the actual size or length of the hook is a lot longer than my other hook style earrings. I wear my hair up mostly, so don't like the fact that I can see so much of the hook.

TWO, they bend VERY easy... I actually bent one just taking the backing off and then again putting it on... this may be a pair that I don't use the backings because of this.

Overall a very nice pair of earrings for $10... can't beat it!Excellent quality shoes.  Fit as expected.My wife likes itMy daughter loves the shoes.Runs small even using their size chart. I wear a small but ordered a medium. It fits very snug. I could have went with a large to wear over suit coats.NiceMy grandson looks very handsome in this sweater.These are fine business casual shoes
Excellent lateral support with great anti roll protection on par with better cross training shoes
I have worn these for years and the quality has been consistent
The laces are hard to find for replacement
I wish they would include a spare set or make them available for purchaseReally good undershirts, both crew and v-neck. Price is among the best.Cool watch !This wallet is 100% worth every penny. It holds EVERYTHING, with room to spare. One of the best purchases I've made from Amazon. Thanks MUNDI!this is the second pair of this style that I've purchased. they fit great and are comfortable for all day wearing.Goodmy daughter loves itI owned a pair of these 30 years ago. Loved them then, love them now. I had forgotten how comfortable they are.The holes in the bottom of the shoe came to light when I walked across the wet grass. Great in dry weather.The chain that comes with it is way better then what's pictured.like wearing nothingI like everything about this dress from color to how many different ways I can wear it. However just a heads up to the short ladies you will need to wear very high heels or have it trimmed. I am 5'2" and had to have about 4 inches taken off and I had about 1 1/2" heels on.Very comfortable. I ware it all day and I'm still able to breathe, moves and it looks natural under my clothes. I'm 5'4 195, more of an athletic build, I got a medium and it's perfect. I wear a shirt under mine cause it acts as a barrier and dosen't cut into my skin. And it keeps it cleaner.Very comfortable!Nice boots, pretty comfortable. Brow lrather looks awsome. Sole become black very fast and looks slovenlyThis shirt is great.  It keeps my husband cool when he is outside working on the farm.  The only problem I have with it is it gets (and stays) dirty so fast.  Even after heavy washing it doesn't look clean.  However, my husband just wears it around the farm so it's not a huge issue.  I'd imagine if you were just sweating doing light (and less messy) activity it wouldn't get so filthy.  It aids in keeping my husband cooler so I'm a happy wife!It is a nice wig as costume wigs go.  It matches the colors in the Goth Maiden Witch Costume with which I plan to wear it.My husband ordered the Dingo men's boot for himself and got me the matching womens pair. We both love them! They fit great and are very comfortable.Longest lasting boots I've ever owned! I'll only buy Justin from now on.Wife likes it, I guess that about all I can ask out of something like this. :)perfect for travel. exactly like the pictureLove these shoes! So light weight and comfortable!bThis little romper is super soft and just adorable.  Not sure I could make it for what I bought it for.  Great item.Beautiful ring and great quality!I love itOK, I was skeptical, but these slippers are as warm as advertised.  Other's comments regarding size were accurate as well.  Order 1 size bigger than what you would normally wear.A little larger than I wanted. But, oh man are these comfortable!I've only had them for a few days so it's difficult to give a review. I'm still breaking them in. So far, they're frosted flakes. I have odd feet so it's better to get shoes slightly too wide. One thing I can say is that I jumped right into working and never got a blister. The zipper is smooth, much better than the Wal-Mart brand I was wearing before. I always buy a cheap footbed for new shoes and it works well with this boot. I look forward to updating you on their performance .Very nice providing ample shadeThis is a very nice watch, received it as a gift.  The watch has a great wrist weight and the band fits very snug on the wrist.  The black and rose gold are a very nice contrast, I received many compliments and questions on the watch if it was new, and I wear a watch most days so it was really standing out to people.Having read reviews and thus expecting to be tight, I ordered size up, which fits almost perfect. Could use better fitting/tighter elastic around the waist, but otherwise nice leggings for the upcoming Great Donut Run.Nice belt, soft compared to similar belts and seems like it will last. Ive used it golfing 2-3 times a week for a 30 week season.Nice socks for the price.I love being barefoot, however being barefoot is very unprofessional at the work place. This is the answer!I wish it were just slightly longer. The waist DOES NOT expand as large as indicated on the size chart, so make sure you're not on the outside limit of this range. Luckily it was not an issue in my case, but it could be if you had expected the sizing to be completely accurate.This unit is quiet and spins according to the settings described in the manual. Very nice to be able to use both of my automatic watches without having to constantly set them when they run dead.

The only downside I can see is the whole idea of a watch winder in general. Not convinced that they are a good idea. However, it is rather convenient.This fit perfectly, looked wonderful and was made of good quality materials. I had to return it because I got it for work, and while the white is gorgeous it would get ruined at my job. Very sad I had to exchange it.It is a nice hat. The mesh is a little stiff but I'm sure it will get better with time. Love the hatThis product is snug, and form fitting.  It hides my slight pouch that I have going on.  I tell that it is training my waist slowly.
It is not uncomfortable, I just put it on under my clothes, and go on about my day. I can't wait to see permanent results.
I did receive this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.It is decent quality given the price, however it was fairly tight on my tall, yet skinny toddler. It did the job for his Halloween costume though.Came on time. Perfect fit. Made in America. Belleville has a rich history as a manufacturer of military boots.Very warm and durable. they do run a bit longer than expected. My husb and is tall and normally wears a 36, but these seemed longer. Had to get them shortened, but he loves them!Excellent boot. Runs a tad small and narrow. Order 1/2 size up.  Quality for the $!!!!Loved them except i have wide feet and had to return them because they have a narrow fit.Perfect fitI have been wearing Dansko shoes for a year now.  I ordered my first pair here on Amazon.  They fit perfectly, are very comfortable (I stand on my feet all day for work), are cute too!  I get compliments on my shiny black Dansko shoes all the time.

Well, someone who wears Dansko's told me about their boots!  I ordered THREE pair of Dansko's last week - these boots and two others.  I wanted to change up my shoes, as I was wearing the same shoes all the time, even at home.  I have bad knees and bone spurs.  Without the use of all these Dansko shoes, I would not be able to work, walk or stand.

I very highly recommend these and any other Dansko shoes to anyone!i love it!  Nice quality!Everyone has a different fit to shoes and I was okay with my shoes. I rather them fit a little loose rather than too tight (I can always insert a support in the shoe. The front strap is loose which does not look good but this are practice shoes for dancing so I not a huge deal. Great dance shoes for salsa, merengue and other dancing.Are you considering making this with fabric body and leather handles?  Would love natural fabric warpath black handles!They are a nicely made, comfortable shoe.Great product fits goodgreat fit, easy to move in...keeps me warmLove it !!!
So comfy, happy feet and so stylish. Can't go wrong with this, good with any outfits: jeans, dressy clothes.
And definitely go  size up.
Got 2 pairs Ash sneakers Black/white and this one.
This one is the winner!!!PerfectGood value, can recommend.Love them, took them to a water park. Am bracing myself for the summer use as Ive read that they do come apart, but if they can last me all summer I don't mind. Theyre feminine and VERY comfortable. Im very satisfied with this purchase.Quality is good, and it definitely looked good on the Mrs...adding some leopard boots really did the trick. Would recommend.great boots and well made.I loved this! I am quite a small person so I ordered a small and it fits like a regular shirt. The material is SUPER soft. Great product.At first I bought these from Ali Express, took 10-days to receive and 20-days to return. They were way too small.  34 fit like 32 but the tag says "Balmain" an imitation of the 1300 french jeans.

Log onto Amazon,
Ordered Size 35 because I wear a US 34. The tag says 36 but it is really a 34, fits like a 34. I like them,  A little tight in the thighs, I am 5'11"  220lbs. I ordered a 2nd pair.  - No "Balmain" tag.I'm looking the way it's wearing in. Hefty (thick) wallet, but super high quality workmanship and design.Product is as pictured.Love the pea coat lookPerfectI always buy my boat shoes and other sperry's a half shoe size smaller but the flip flops were way to small. I normally wear a size 9 and ordered a size 8.5. Sold these shoes to a friend and ordered a size 9. Fit much better. Otherwise than that great flip flops, very cute and can be worn at different occasions.Very sharp looking shoes.  Just ordered black shoes in 8 3E from Florsheim and they were a perfect fit, these run just a little bit bigger, mostly in the length. Also slightly wider than Florsheim.Great shirt, ordered for my husband, as a Christmas gift, knowing it was going to be late..... But, he loves it, that is what matters.Shipping was fast.  The coat is a nice quality and a true fit.Legs are long, but look good rolled up. Nice style, but picks up dust / lint / stains like crazy. You're like a walking chalkboard.Would like deeper side pockets and chest pockets could be lower....hard to reach into them. 2xl are long, touch floor on 6'1" man. Like the feel of the fabricPerfectly comfortable!  I can hug people I love without get it stabbed behind my ears.  I would love to see more styles and colors.Really nice quality, fits very well in everyway. Perfect blend of classy and sexySuch a cute dress! We loved it!Love the productI'm 5'8" and a size 28 and the 4x fit perfectly. I was just tall enough to keep it from touching the floor. I wore an 1.5 inch heel sandal just to make sure I wouldn't step on it while dancing. There was no obvious front or back and that came in handy when I found 3 different white spots on the blue dress where it looked like a thread broke (but no obvious threads hanging out) or maybe the dye didn't take very well. They were all on the "front" when I put it on, so I turned the dress around and wore it that way. It's perfect for traveling as I stored it in the suitcase and just hung it in the closet when we got there and there were no wrinkles as it's mostly polyester Many people stated they liked the dress. I would buy from this company again.Good material fits good. Easy wash.My son likes it very much!!!  Should have but the next size up though,!I purchased this as a gift, with the matching pendant.  When it arrived, the color matched the description.  It looks good and it was well received.  I was happy she liked it and it looks really good on her too.Love these shoes. Very comfortable and they look great!nicePretty bulky for a running shoe, felt like I was running with stiff pillows, good for regular gym stuff and walking though. Rough to break in.Awesome sneaksBuen productoI love them, the arch support is great.Not amazing quality like some more expensive brands but does the job and fits well. Great option for someone not wanting to spend a ton of money on a slip.This ring I got it for my husband since he doesn't have one and I didn't want to go to the trouble of getting him a very fancy one since he's not able to wear it at work, he really liked it and I did as well..I bought this for Halloween last year, and was surprised at the quality of the material when it arrived. It's actually very warm and the part that goes over your head is very thick. Not only did it look incredibly cute, but it also kept me really warm and cozy while everyone else with bunny ears was freezing. The faux fur is also very soft, and isn't flimsy or itchy. I've had it for over a year, and one of the fur feathers have fallen off. The pockets are also nicely sized and can hold your phone, keys, lipstick, and a mirror.

Fun fact: I also wear it as an every-day hat because it's just that warm!I love this charm! It's tiny enough that I can still wear my other necklaces with it but you can still tell it's a bee. It's a very cute little charm.The sizing on these is completely bizarre. I bought mine in a store, but still couldn't quite get over buying a size 8 UK. That's equivalent to a 9 US, and my shoes normally run 10 to 10.5. This is an 8 wide, but still surprising. In any event, despite their apparent size incongruity, these are fine quality shoes. Appears to be full grain leather, and the sole -- a combination of leather and rubber -- is welted. Comfortable, classy looking, and clearly built to last.Love love love the gown!!This cardigan is so cute. I love layering it! My biggest complaint is the two materials it is made from. The sleeves and the back are made from a sweater material but everything else is made from a weird other cheap material. Still cute. I recommend getting a larger size!I would recommend these jeans to anyone, they are comfortable and definitely true to size. Excellent rating. The comfort band at the top is a plus.they are super comfortable.They were comfortable and I loved the look but both soles came off the shoes after one year of just wearing them to the office.Muy cuidado el producto y buenoFit great, will buy other colors.This is a nice robe for the money.  The material thickness is just right for getting out of the shower.Nice dress, my daughter is a small 10 and this I would say fit more like a 12.  We just adjusted the straps with some swing tweets as the 8 would have been to small ..Cute necklace. Is a bit smaller & more delicate than I thought it would be.I need 2 sizes plus of what i have spectedI like the way they fit  that's why go with that brandi like it very muchGreat Boot but it runs a bit small.  I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't so snug.  Ordered my true size and can wear with thin socks.  I hope they break in a bit!Love the color gave some as a gift and I had to have some.I usually wear a New Balance 12 4E and was concerned these boots wouldn't be wide enough. I was wrong! They fit great!  They look great and they're comfortable. Thank you!Got the 8-10 knew that it be a little tight but it fit.  Wish that they made a size 12.Bag was a lot bigger then I anticipated-very happy thus far and look forward to using it more often.Love this ring. Nice product for the price. Will consider buying this ring as a gift for others.They run large in length but that was okay with me since my feet are on the long side of my size.I would prefer a thicker cord like the one I had however it serves the purpose. A little light and floppy but fine.I really like the overall design of these sunglasses. They are sturdy and come with a little pouch which is nice because my lenses always get scratched up in my purse. They are a lot smaller than I thought they would be so that's why I knocked off a star. These are definitely not "oversized." They're still really cute though and I'll wear them!Nice shirt but its lighter color than I expected. More of a berry pink.Good Quality! Just the right size for a lapel pin. Not too big, not too small. It looks exactly as pictured and described.This shirt helped me win $50 at our office in a best Hawaiian shirt contest.. The only downside for me (personally) is the collar tag otherwise it was worth every penny I spent on it.Very nice hope to use on thanks given day.Fits perfect feels great. Lovetbis braGreat ProductAMAZING FABRIC . . .BEAUTIFUL SHIRT.My sister was very happy and pleased with the watch I gave to her as a birthday present. It arrived on time and very amazed with the item.Arrived on time and I really like them!Good fit for meMy three year old son loves his spiderman backpack.  I felt it should have been bigger for the  price and there is only a small pocket big enough for his spiderman wallet.Got tons of compliments on verbiage and softness of material. Great purchaseSo far this is a great shoe. The soles are aggressive and grippy.Very nice quality leather, with lots of space for credit cards, and dollar bills.  It even has a zipper compartment for coins, which I particularly like, as I do not like loose change in the bottom of my purse!these sandals are so cute and very comfortable, but have a weird fit.  I have a very wide foot and I found them too wide at the toe and too tight at the ankle. One size down would be too small.I truly love my new shoes. I run alsmost every single day, and i'm certain, these are great for my feet. TY!good quality and pocketsPrice is phenomenal for what you get! Great little pocket that fits your cell phone ( i have the I-phone) as well as ID's or any other small item such as chap stick.A lovely summer dress! I ordered an XL since I'm 5'10 with a 36" bust, 30" waist, and 40" hips (and 163 pounds) and I wasn't sure how the dress would work out with my height and proportions. It was a win! The hemline reaches half an inch or so above my knees. The armholes are gapey, but that's understandable since I ordered up from my usual L (the round neckline of an L would have been a little too tight). The material is light, the cut is flowy and flirty, and the removable cloth belt-tie can be firmly tied or substituted for another belt. I paired this dress with a cardigan for a summer afternoon/evening affair and received several compliments on the flattering cut and pattern.I wear this almost every day under neath thin shirts or button ups. I do a lot of moving around at work and it's long enough to come right past the top of my pants so I don't flash any skin. I never wear it on it's own, but you could if you wanted. I usually wear a L and this fit fine.This particular light-weight hoodie, has *approx.* 50% polyester, 50% cotton in the fabric's blend. The first two of these I ordered years ago are 100% cotton and are liked better, two of my favorite shirts. Not that the new one fits any differently. It's just the very light odor to this latest one that sort of puts me off a bit. It doesn't really smell bad, mind you, but a light scent is there even after washing, whereas the all-cotton ones never had any odor to them ever. It will likely go away after another washing or two.

Both my first ones as well as this one fit me well, being a slim guy at 5' 9" and 154 lbs. If you have a bit of a gut then order a size up. For my physical dimensions the size mediums are perfect, the sleeve lengths are generous and fit my longer-than-average arms just fine, very comfortable. They also look really good under a buttoning collared shirt with the hood hanging out. I like the fit, the colors, and the durability of the fabrics. After already ordering and receiving several other brands of lightweight hoodies, these are certainly among the best of their type out here.
.Product was delivered timely, however the show size does not match the US sizing and the shoe is too small.  Not the sellers fault, but the sizing chart should have an asterick that the sizes are at least one full size offLove them! Definate 5 star for me. I always have a hard time finding sexy snug underwear due to my over all body structure. I am 5'-5" 135lbs 30" waist average build and the small size fits great. Not too tight but snug. The material is better than I thought it would be. Sturdy and soft, not silky. For me, I think the medium would not work. The price point is very much worth the product. Will probably order more.Perfect just what i wantedLove them!!Great overallpleased with the sweaterGood fit but a tab bit small. Not enough that it needs a size up.good productPerfect fit. Very comfortable. Seller did great job.OMG...I love these boots!  They're soooooooo cute and gorgeous!  I'll totally buy more from them!This slipper is comfortable but it will warm your feet up a little too much!Does as advertised.  Full coverage, nice material, authentic, won't go fishing without it.  I wear it under an oversized hat to protect my face and neck.I received the tan & heathered grey Lark & Ro Reversible Poncho and they aren't kidding! Although this made from Rayon & Cotton, it INCREDIBLY soft and silky! It has a nice winter weight to it so it definitely adds a layer of warmth to your wardrobe.

I'm 5'1 and on the heavier side and was worried that it would make me look even chunkier but I wore it with tapered, straight legged jeans and boots and really liked it! I got compliments on it as well so that was a pleasant surprise. I do prefer cooler colors so I chose to wear it with the grey side out.  The poncho arrives with the labeling sewn on the grey side so I simply used a sewing stitch remover and removed the hang tag and garment label (on the neck area and in the lower, 'seat' area in the back) so I got to enjoy it without tags sticking out.  I do think that the tan side is a really nice, almost camel color.  They do have 2 other color combos and all are neutral and very versatile!Great quality and fast shippingPerfect !It was a little tough getting on at first, but it was only because it was new. I'm a 8 and the 8 fits perfectly everywhere! It's super cute and comfy! I love it! I actually bought other styles!beautiful shoes for the price. Was looking for a little richer color and less of contrast in color with the wood block heel.  Returned only because I'm very picky...Very happy with this travel bag I ordered 2 one for my husband too. One of the straps came unstitched and the return was very well handled I got a new bag sent to me . I was very happy with the service. Great for travel.Once you know your PUMA size (they run very small) they are the most comfortable, supportive sneakers I own.  This is my third pair, the first one is still going strong after 6 years.My daughter loves the design on the shirt! The color faded slightly after the first wash and dry. Prompt delivery, even during the busy holiday season.Lovely fabric but it did not fit well around the waist. It's probably the style itself-loose fitting around waistline. I had to send it back.love them  they match a very old ring I got from my grandma  50 some years ago.I love the hat.  I have somewhat of a big head but it is snug but not tight at all.  Fits as expected and hoped for.So far I am very satisfied with my purchase. It's comfortable and fits wellokMy son has an extra wide foot and finding shoes that fit is really difficult.  We got his first pair of these when he was about 12 months and now that he is 21 months his foot seems to have gotten even wider.  After looking for shoes for 2 weeks I went back to these which we love and he seems really comfy in.  Also, Amazon had the best price on this shoe.I love these Reefs - they are my "go-to" sandal for every day!  I have been buying the Seaside for years now - I wouldn't walk for miles in them, as they don't have a lot of arch support, but they are comfortable enough to wear most of the time with no problems.  When I get a new pair, I just use the older ones around in my yard or to the beach when they may get sandy and wet.  They hold up forever!These are comfortable and cute.  Love them.  I wear a 7-71/2 and the 7 in these was perfectGreat shoe! My husband loves it. He says it feels like walking on cushions so forgets he has them on. Perfect lightweight hiking shoe.Very nice!Giving 4 stars because it showed up with no belt... kind of useless without a belt.  Contacting seller, otherwise it's beautiful and so soft!I purchased this as a gift for my husband. I myself know very little about Lord of the Rings, but I figured he would get the joke and think it was funny. Thankfully, he did think it was humorous and he enjoys wearing. He is over 6ft tall so it is a little shorter than I would have liked, but overall, it is true to size.Beautiful vest, exceptional value, nicely tailored.Fit well, could be a little softerPerfect thank u so muchInsole in one shoe feels off compared to other. Comfortable and flexible. As some reviews have indicated this shoe doesn't have much rigidity so it's not great for any side motion. Best for running. It feels light and the shoe holds your foot well without pressure points.They are of superb quality, but they ride low like hip huggers.Totally cute and great priceThis was a well-made adorable sneaker but like many sneakers it wasn't wide enough for my box shaped foot it doesn't run too small but it is a bit narrow for someone with flat feet even though my feet measure a regular with I was disappointed I couldn't wear and they looked terrific.fit great and seem ok, have not worn them, just tried them on, cool looking can't wait to wear them outi am having trouble finding a good fitting bra and this one fits well and is comfortable - thanks againordered my normal sized but they stretched a lot only after a couple of times wearing.Great fit!  Wish Lee still made these shorts.  I would love some other colors.  I did find a navy but I am not paying $50 for it.Took a while to ship, but it was coming from the UK so that's understandable.  Fits great and the image looks better in person.Exactly what I paid for. Will buy more in the future.Good shoe but did not last as long as I wished it wouldTeen son, xc and track runner, likes these.  He says comfortable and hasn't had issues with blisters when wearing.  I don't smell the 'funky foot odor' that comes with sweaty feet on a long run.  Would buy again.This is a very nice dress at a great price and fits perfectly. I wore it to a Christmas party, everyone loved it.Wallet arrived promptly; it is well constructed with a belt loop that is wide and sturdy. The wallet is comfortable to wear. It may cost more than others but it is worth it because it is a high quality product that does what it's supposed to do. After two weeks of intensive use it looks like new.Perfect fit and will come in handy while cruising timber in the briars.good...^.^...Good shoeI was a little leery about ordering a hiking boot online. I have tried some boots on in local stores, and size variations are shocking. After reading reviews I went for the 13M. I usually get a wide shoe, but I'm glad I did not order the wide version of this one. I'm using a thicker sock than usual with a liner sock, and I added another orthotic insert for stiffer arch support underneath the one that came with the boot - that is a personal preference for my weak arches. These boots were broken and easily on a 4 1/2 mile walk on a neighborhood trail. I took them on a 16 mile backpacking trek through the Ouchita national Forrest mountains in Oklahoma this weekend. I can confidently say that I made a good choice. No hotspots, no blisters, no foot pain, and best of all it was like walking on pillows. I even tested the waterproof qualities. They are as advertised. I will be taking him to Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico in about a month. After the 75+ mile trek through the Rocky Mountains I'll post an update.
UPDATED 7/5/2014 - I HAVE NOW COMPLETED AN 85 MILE TWO-WEEK TREK THROUGH THE MOUNTAINS AND BACKCOUNTRY OF NORTHEAST NEW MEXICO CARRYING ABOUT 55 POUNDS OF GEAR ON MY BACK - PHILMONT SCOUT RANCH. THESE BOOTS WERE ALL I EXPECTED THEM TO BE. AND THEY HELD UP VERY WELL TO EXTREMELY RUGGED AND ROCKY TERRAIN. I USED THEM TO CLIMB AND SUMMIT THE 12,440 FOOT MT. BALDY AND ALSO CLIMB AND TRAVERSE ACROSS THE RUGGED AND DANGEROUS TOOTH RIDGE TRAIL AND TOOTH OF TIME. I HIKED 8+ HOURS A DAY IN THEM EVERY DAY FOR 10 DAYS STRAIGHT. I WORE A GOOD THICK PAIR OF SYNTHETIC WOOL SOCKS AND LINERS AS WELL AS SPENCO ARCH SUPPORTS UNDER THE INCLUDED INSERTS, THESE BOOTS KEPT MY FEET INJURY FREE AND FEELING GREAT FOR THE ENTIRE TRIP. I HAD A FEW NEAR ANKLE ROLLS,  BUT THE NICE HIGH ANKLE SUPPORTS PREVENTED ANY INJURIES. THE BOOTS CAME TO ME VERY NEARLY BROKEN IN. AND AFTER HIKING IN THEM ABOUT 15 TO 20 MILES PRIOR TO LEAVING THEY WERE FULLY READY TO GO FOR THIS EXPEDITION. THE LEATHER HELD UP VERY WELL AGAINST THE SHARP ROCKS. THE TOES ARE A LITTLE BANGED UP, BUT THEY'RE JUST NICELY WORN AND NOT SEVERELY DAMAGED.  I AM DEFINITELY VERY HAPPY THAT I CHOSE THESE BOOTS, AND I WILL BE USING THEM FOR MANY FUTURE EXPEDITIONS IN THE MOUNTAINS.great valueFor my medium to slightly broad feet, the shoes fit well, no pinching or scraping even for the first wear. They are comfortable at first, but after moving around in them for nearly one hour, my feet feel lots of pressure and sore. I guess it's because lack of arch support or cushion on the sole. Yet they look good.I am thinking that I will have to stretch them out a littleI bought these for myself because men's t-shits are better than women's. I would have given this five stars, but the colors were not as shown. I know that it states that when ordering, but the colors are really off. It would be better to show the actual colors. But other than that, the fit was great and the shirts are very comfortable.Love this hat. Very warm and can not beat the priceVety good buy, puts everything in the right place, my only critique is the part that goes under your hiney doesnt stretch at all so it can pinch at times, i would recommend a size larger so it doesnt.Very well made, so glad I got the 6-12 months. Fits my son perfectly, I couldn't believe it. My son only wears 3-6 but going into 6 months clothes right now and here I thought the Spiderman outfit would be a least a little big lol, but I was wrong. :0)I have only worn them once. They seem to be fine in fit and quality.I've been wanting to buy a new watch for a while now.  I have a Citizen Pro Master that broke several years ago sadly but never replaced it because I have a cell phone.  Well, I've finally grown annoyed with having to get my phone and turn it on just to get the time.  Yes, it sounds minor but it really was eating at me.  I didn't want to deal with batteries in a watch or have to wind it manually so an automatic watch was ideal.  I found this watch on sale, I like the simplistic face of the watch.  The date and month is a bonus.  I like the clear backing because I'm a nerd and seeing the movement is cool.  My kids like seeing the movement and if it peaked their interest in something mechanical, thats cool too.

The band is nice but very basic.  I ordered a Seiko 5 series metal band from a website for $26 extra (not on amazon unfortunately) for easier on and off on the watch.  The canvas band however does work just fine.  My only complain about it is the two metal ovals that old the excess strap in place.  The first one is fine but the one that can be moved can begin to hurt my wrist if the band is too tight (though it fits fine) because it pushes on my skin against my wrist bones below the strap.  I'm wearing it a tad loose now and that issue is gone but is the primary reason why I bought the metal band.

The hands and numbers to glow in the dark and are quite bright.  I hope the brightness stays as the watch gets older.

I don't have any fancy equipment to see how accurate the time is but so far I haven't noticed it losing or gaining seconds on me.  I've had it a week and it still matches the time on my phone.  The seconds are within 5 seconds of each other but I didn't match those up perfectly when I set the time either.



I've had the watch for 3 months now and it has started being very erratic on how well it keeps the time.  Its been losing hours per day now and today it decided to jump ahead 8 hours.  It has been quite accurate so I don't know why its started to act up.  I wear it daily from when I wake up to when I go to bed.  If it was only losing time I'd think it was because it wasn't moving enough and not winding itself but it has also humped ahead in time (date changed early is how I know).  I initially bought this watch to see if I would get used to wearing a watch again because I was thinking of buying a Moto 360 smart watch when it releases.  I rather enjoy wearing a watch again so I'll be buying the Moto 360 and sending this one off for warranty repair as a back up.  I moved the rating down to 4 stars because of how 'wonky' its gotten.These are those types of shoes you can take out of the box and wear for 8hrs! So comfortable.....Very nice sandal, pretty and comfortable. It is cut narrow so my foot comes over the edge a little in the front, and my foot slides a little bit on the sandal when I walk, but on the whole I like it and am looking forward to wearing it.Ordered a size 7 for my 8 yr old that wears a size 8 or 9 and it fits perfect.  I would say if you had a petite 6 or 7 yr old, this may run a little big.  The dress is beautiful and way worth the $20 I paid for it.  The hair bow did come off the clip but I super glued it back on - no prob.  Love this dress!Good deal! Fits exactly, never worn product, brand I prefer, and at $10 less than in the big box store where I usually need to get this brand, and then available size is hit or miss. Hooray!text could be darkervery nicely made. looks expensiveJust received this for an upcoming trip.  Wanted a black hat for my 3 year old to cut down on some sun glare and to protect her from the harsh tropical sun.  This fits, but it's smaller than I expected.  She typically wears between a size 5T or 6X in clothes and I guess has a big noggin (not disproportional though).  I'll review after our trip as I have a concern about the metal parts rusting, but I will likely try to paint some fingernail polish over the parts to prevent rust.Great looking hat with typical Fox qualityI wear a size 13 wide in a regular shoe. I ordered these in a size 15 in hopes that they would be a little loose. While the shoe is just right for the length, it is very snug in the arch area, which is why I am deducting the 1 star.They were way too big for me but I gave them to daughter in law and she loves themNice and sexy.  My lady is sexy thick and this fit her perfectNice!The 4 stars is just for how ugly these are. I thought maybe they could be cute in real life, but they are really just not. In terms of comfort and fit they are perfectly fine though.Excellent value. Cool and loose for running.My mother loved the earrings I sent her.  I'm giving it 4 stars because I don't know how long or well the earrings will hold up.They are really comfortable and fit well. Colors are awesome goes with anything. Would absolutely recommend.wore to an 80's dance party and ROCKED itI love this dress. I am 5 ft 2 and 106 lbs .. I got a small and It fits well .. The material of the dress is suprisingly thick which i like a good quality.  It will be a good dress for summer fall and spring . . it will also work in the winter with a cute jacket or duster and boots.  It hugs your body and is extremely comfortable ! The shipping was very fast.  Thanks !Great fit, lightweight.Great materislI bought this pendant necklace for my daughter for her birthday.  It is very pretty and good quality.  It was a nice purchase and my daughter really likes it.Purchased as a gift.  They sparkle and are good quality.  Would definitely purchase again.I love this set! I bought it as a daddy gift for my fianc&eacute; at our baby shower and it was perfect!Fits well, nice material.I got hit by a car with my laptop in my backpack and it didn't break. Also have biked home in the rain many times with no damage to my electronics.Color more burnt orange than expected.  But still okI love the shoes in my toddler! They're very cute and go great with her dresses. At first they seemed to be too tight and not fit her chunky feet. But because they're leather,  they expanded so her feet slide in nicely.  The only thing I don't like is how easily they scuff and it won't come off.I have several of these and they are great for the summer, as they are vented nylon, designed for activity, and if you catch them out of the dryer at the end of the cycle and hang them up, they are then ready to wear.  Highly recommended.These keds are comfortable, durable, and the 'wide' size is just wide enough without making my foot feel like it's swimming in the shoe.Absolutely adorable. We got them in Black.perfectThis shirt is exactly what I was looking for. I wanted something loose to wear under other open shirts. The sides go up a little higher then I was hoping, but it still works. I love the feel of the fabric, it's super soft.Comfortable and good pricevery pretty walletThe arms are a little squeaky but I hope that will change once they loosen upI liked how the shoes fit as well as the comfort level.Too small for my neck, but good product.Sadly, care instructions on the inside label says "Do not tumble dry".  Bummer.  It's cute, tho, so I'll keep it - hope I don't forget to hang it to dry ...goodVery comfortable.  I like the wide shoulder straps.Most of the time my size is Small but this swimsuit I ordered size Large and it's fit like size small but I liked it very much it's has a good quality and looks very beautiful!Great product.  Surprised at the arch support they provide.  Stopped some of the pain I get in my heels due to the open back.I order a size 6 to 12 months and they  are wait to big for my 9 months old son. That actually they are even big on my 2 year old daughter. But they are very good quality and very soft. I keep them because my son will grow into I hope.Bought this as a Christmas present for a friend, who is a sword collector, and Kill Bill fan. He loves it. I think I am going to order one myself.These are cute & easy to slip on. Not as sparkly as I'd expected, but nice go-to's for every day or a night out.The lenses are great, they are easy on the eyes and take away the glare from waves and other objects. They fit perfectly around my head so no light comes in from the sides. They are lightweight en very sturdy. I tend to loose my sunglasses now and then, but I make sure I always have one of these around. The only downside is that they are not very fashionable, but I tend to prefer quality and comfort over looks.When I ordered it i ordered two sizes larger because i read some of the reviews complaining about the size. When it came I expected it to be uncomfortable like a lot of the reviews also complained about, but i found it very comfortable to wear as an everyday bra.It was a very good price, the backpack arrived fast and its very nice!!Great shoe for the price. If you are color blind like me, for the record it's orange not Ted lolLove it!It seems like a nice comfy shoe with a very reasonable price tag. My original plan was getting a size 6 but after reading lots of reviews saying how large and wide the shoe is and how the shoe is supposed to be 'relaxed fit', I decided to go with my usual crocs size 5. Unfortunately it fits way tighter than I expected and I wish I had gone for a bigger size. I don't find this shoe wide at all, especially for crocs. I would recommend going for a slightly larger size for this pair.Love everything I get from amazon.  Have never had any problems.Thankfully I read the reviews and went way up in size. I'm 5'5 and normally wear a small sometimes medium but I ended up with an XL in this dress and it fits great! It's pretty short so I'll probably wear it mostly as a cover up but great for those beach days!This is a well-made necklace that reflects light so well, it's almost as if it consists of pave' diamonds.  This will be a beautiful necklace to wear with a dress and can probably also be worn casually. You can't go wrong with this necklace.excellent, thank you very much!Yes is and looks exactly as was described by the seller. Better price than the other stores, the guaranty is free!!!!!!. In Macy is almost a double the price and you most pay for the guaranty. Than You.Very nice costume and hard to find a modest one that fits a tweenVery warm and cute, just a bit small. Hopefully it stretches out more when I wear it during the winter.Just got them and like them.Very nice shoe.
I love the slight wedge heel!
Also the color is really nice - maybe a bit lighter than the photo on amazon.
Deliverd on time.Returned it did not realize it was an over the head jacketLove it!These are very nice socks. Very durable wash after wash. Has not let me down so far. I use them for work. Very comfortable.This jacket is a fabulous addition to my workout gear.

Looks exactly as it is pictured and met my expectations.arrived on time and the product is goodFits perfect.Doesnt have as much padding as I thought. They fit goodBest flops everEasy access for epidural in the back, and easy monitoring in the front. I felt good during the delivery being in my own outfit. Comfortable. Nurses complimented it.Perfect!I found pumping so cumbersome before I bought the Simple Wishes hands-free bra. This makes pumping so much smoother, cleaner, and enjoyable. I highly recommend it!Smooth and comfortableThese are a great pair of jeans.  Very soft and fit perfectly.  A little long but that is fine as they just scrunch up at the ankles.  I would highly recommend these jeans.The coat itself is great and very warm but I got a small and had to get it taken in a bit. . . otherwise no complaints!Way too small.  XXL fits like a Medium.  Nice quality, feels nice.This bag is gorgeous!  Lots of space and perfect if you like mid to large size bags. I odered black and I get lots of compliments where ever I go.Fits perfectly and very warm.Love this Miche shell. I have so many compliments on this shell, and all good!Great for smoking and iPhoneBought then for my girlfriend and she loves themI have searched literally for years for a like a like this it is easy to put on and it's how's your body in such a way it feels like a second skin it is worth every penny I liked it so much I bought a second pair.To small for sizeThese shoes are really adorable, but the design with the elastic on the side pulls my feet forward, making my toes just at the very end of the footbed. This design element made the shoes seem too small, even though they really were not. I love them, but I had to send them back.fits perfectly and looks pretty cool (nice compliments from friends). It is very comfortable even on a 3 mile walk.like the shirt size was smaller than expectedThis is a very good bag and reasonable for the money. Travel pro customer service has been excellent in the past for other bags I own when I was travelling all the time.I have long fingers and long, thin arms and these fit perfectly.HotNot made with great quality but you get what you pay for. Looks great and with a sole insert is pretty comfortable but again, will not stand the test of time, sole already getting eaten up after wearing maybe 5 days.A little large but very comfy.I'm not one that likes big heavy watches and this one is lightweight and very comfortable to wear. My only issue is with the "seconds countdown' that appears with the date - makes reading it a bit confusing, but I'm sure I'll get used to it.Great quality and the price is right. Happy customer!I purchased shoe #5 the red pointe shoes and although they are cheaply made they satisfy my needs I think that if your thinking or buying these you should, I am very happy with the price and it did come with the following, two pairs of pointe shoes, ribbons, socks, and toe padsThis runs narrow.  Even the wide seems narrow.These are great shoes for the fall.  I'm not wearing them so much now that it's winter, because I don't want to ruin the suede out in the snow.  Fit as expected-pretty easy to slip on and off, and lightweight.Item arrived quickly and as described!VERY COMFORTABLE SHOELove these, Costco stopped selling them and these are the exact replacementWell made and beautiful design. Fits a little snug around the midsection but I will take the blame for that, lol. I only took one star because it said fits my size easily but was a bit small along my midsection and buttocks. Hopefully I will be able to comfortably fit this by summer.These were a Christmas gift for my daughter and other than the fact that the leather smell was almost overwhelming when I opened the box, I had no issues with the order or seller.This handbag is very well constructed and just the right size for me, not too large or small; has very convenient slit pocket on back for cell phone. Color is very good, too. I will buy more Makowsky handbags. For years I only bought Coach when they made good, basic handbags without a lot of advertising printed all over them. Makowsky bags are my new favorites.Could have bigger sleevesLike itLove themGreat service and products!I bought these for a 4 day trek to Machu Picchu.  So far I've used them to train here at home and the longest I've done is a very strenuous 6 mile hike (3 miles up/3 miles down with 1000 ft. of elevation.)  Parts of this trail were wet/muddy and other parts had loose rock.  The boots did not leak on the wet/muddy sections and only slipped on rock that was wet (which would happen with any shoe.)  The boots performed very well.  They fit perfectly and were comfortable from day one.  I've had no blisters or sore spots.  I normally wear a size 8 and that's what I bought.  I wear them with slightly padded socks, but if my feet swell, I can switch to a thinner sock so there is some room if needed.  I would highly recommend this boot.They were very cute boots, VERY hard to find too. All the reviews I read on these said they ran big..so I went with the recommendation to get a size 9, even though I usually wear a 9.5/10.  Frye's are always hit or miss for me, I go between a 9-11, from flats to heels..These ended up being too small. The height was fine, the toe bed had enough room, the emphasis on the wedge wasn't what I wanted but I would have kept them had they fit.  But they don't, so I'm sending them back. So a 9.5 would definitely work.Will come back for more.Good Shoes for me to use for daily walking and sport. Bright colors.It's a pretty great bra, though I wish the straps had a bit more elastic to them, the cup size was also slightly smaller than expected but it still fits pretty well. It's very comfy and doesn't dig into my sides or anything so I like it a lot.I love these panties, they sure are sexy, and the fit great! My husband loves it when I wear these!These items were for my husband and I haven't heard any complaints from him on any of these items.I was extremely sad that I forgot my first pair of Merrell hiking shoes in Alaska but I had to get another pair because the other ones worked so well!

I decided to use these bad boys for the first time during my hike in Big Bear. I came across an icy incline and thought it was no big deal. WRONG! Let's just say less than 5 minutes later, I fell like a baby giraffe learning how to walk - says my friend. Now, here I am in a cast because I fractured my ankle and could possibly need surgery later. But I still think these shoes are awesome. My friends say otherwise. Just don't think you walk on water/ice with these like you're Jesus or something.

Attached is a picture of my ankle that I've named Mr. Cankle. :)It was a beautiful dress very pleased. My daughter had to wear it right away she couldn't wait for Christmas.Thanks.Very CoolThey are very pretty and sparkle. I knocked a star because they came with a stain on the back, and they feel flimsy for the price I paid I haven't worn them for a long period but I feel like the heel will break easy. You can see in my first picture the dark stains on the back. It also had burn marks on the inside. The inside lining is cardboard material not plastic.I wear size14 so, fit is important to me. These shoes fit right, firm leather, nice design - rounded toe rather than narrow, good stitching, color matched.It was a little tight, so now I just waiting for my exchange order to come in. I wish all men's shoes came in the same uniform sizes.GoodI am happy with my purchase, they fit perfectly and comfortable. I give 5 star. :)This is a great looking watch. Very stylish. I really like the extra bands so I can change colors depending on what I am wearing. The white will look good this summer and all the bands are very easy to change. I'll really get a lot of wear from this purchase.Awesome watch accurate every day after receivig the atomic signal If you're a watch nut and love precision this is it love the Gray titanium colorExtremely nice track pants ! They have a nice slim fit and they fit me very well. Im a slimmer guy and I went with a small and Im amazed at how well they fit. I got the black ones with red stripes and now I just ordered the light grey! Highly recommended.Super comfy and well-fitting, but they come up really far on the feet. I should have realized, so that's my bad. Definitely not going to work in your average women's loafer shoe. However, if you want to wear them with sneakers, oxfords, or slip-ons, these will probably be perfect!

I especially love that the toe seam is so far up, because those seams often cause me a lot of pain by pressing into my toes or bunion, but not these! I expect I'll get use out of them despite not fitting in my intended shoes.

I'll update if there are any issues with slippage.NiceI love these shoes but I think they run a bit small.  I would recommend buying a half-size larger.Very comfortable and fit really well !While they are comfortable, I have unusually high arches so I put an additional insert in and now they feel great. They are narrow, but again I knew this before purchasing.Love this bag! It has just the right amount of pockets/pens sleeves/etc. It is thinner than I thought, so you can't fit too much in it besides a laptop, iPad and about a 400 page book, but It's been working out fine for me. One thing to note is that you can't really shorten the shoulder strap too much because the cushion can't slide over it to stay in the center. Also, it passes through TSA just fine when folded open with a laptop in it.Excellent!  Love them!  I wore them all day at work the day after I received them.  No problems.  Great support.  Little to no break-in time.good very very goodSuper comfortable out of the box.
Scarpa quality!This dress was just what I was looking for. I got it for a tie dye project I was working on and it took the dye really well.I feel so Puerto Rican when I have these on! LOL I can say that cuz I AM Puerto Rican!

They are a bit on the heavy side, so I limit how long and often I wear them. The shape of the post was bothersome at first but I eventually got used to it. The gold and rose gold ones tarnish a bit, but a polish shammy fixes that right up.Darker color than picture. almost black....Perfect shoe I wanted. Fits perfectlyAmazing fit and cushion.  I'm buying more!We really liked this purse, but it came with a manufacturing flaw, and was not available to re purchase.  Its a great size and even though it had a manufacturing flaw, was well made.  We would have repurchased this gladly.Perfect for my Pebble Time Round.Very sexy, i washed it and a hole developed :( but its big in a way that the hole won't worsen. very comfy its a mutual likesYes, I'm very happy with this purchase!  Thank you.  I need to wear flats now after back surgery, and I have a wedding in England to attend in June.  This will be perfect for my dressy outfit.Love the quality of the shirt, but I would recommend buying one size up from what you normally wear.gorgeous pieceDefinitely excellentPurchased shortly before a vacation to Italy, I broke these boots in on the streets of Venice, Trento, and Florence and was genuinely surprised by how quickly the leather softened and the insole conformed to my feet.  I have worn them almost every day since receiving them and have no criticism whatsoever.  I wear them to work in a timber framing factory every day.  Quality materials and rugged construction make these boots a winner.I love this nightgown so much I bought a second! It is comfortable and flattering...and it's made from bamboo, which is awesome.These are cute sets.  I bought the yellow and blue sets.  I reviewed the yellow set already,  but it won't let me update the review,  so I'll do it here.  The yellow set has the word Nautica printed in large letters across the chest.  The letters are made of a material that cannot withstand any heat at all.  They began to melt and stick to the shirt after a dip in the jacuzzi.  The yellow shirt is now a sticky,  smeary mess.  The blue set has fared much better and we have no problem with the orange printing on the trunks or sleeve.I really like the fit, size and practically of these boots...they are stylish, yet warm and comfortable enough to wear to work in the snow and slush this time of year!  They have kept my feet dry...only drawback is they scuff a bit easily.Nice shoes. I got my exact size and they fit perfect. I"m glad i didn't size up. They are also comfortable and have a little support. Hopefully they last awhile, but for the price I paid, I would say they are definitely worth it. They did have a bit of a smell when I first got them, but they aired out. They are exactly what I was looking for. Simple ballet flats are so hard to find.the shoe runs wide but provides a comfortable platform when movingProduct looks very high class.  I wish it came with a box ontop of the velvet bag as I got it as a gift for my boyfriend.Love the colorsFirst...when you get it out of the packaging...it smells.  IT takes about three weeks to air out.  My mom loves it.  It's just what she wanted.  Very similar to the purse she's loved since the 80's.Probably one of the better boots I have purchased.  The laces are rugged and stay put.  Strong ankle support and good comfort.Once i got the right size these are great.  Very comfortable right out of the box.Beautiful. Pictures does nothing for this shoe! I wore them during my wedding reception.Very cute for a young child's first jewelry box. It is kind of small (4" tall) which makes it easy to carry around with handle but will not hold very many large beaded necklaces.No issuesGood looking product. Had a stone or two missing. Probably an unusual mistake. Hopefully.Reviews said exactly how it should fit and what size to get. I am about 5'7 (if I'm lucky) 145, workout religiously, and have a pretty big chest. I ordered the men's medium and the shirt fit just right, snug enough to show form but enough room to move around freely. The length was good as well, not too long like some other shirts may run when they are tucked out. Definitely will look to purchase other items from them!greatThe boots are comfortable and a great fit for my 12.5 calf size. I will order another pair in brown.Love them!Can't get it off him...Beautiful purse. Just a little flaw on the wooden handle which my husband, a handyman says
"thats what makes it unique." The fashion women in my life really like this purse. So much room in it. Thanks.Very cute !!! Not as heavy as I thought they would be . Which is good !!I hope they will shrink a little.Bought this for my daughter. She said she wishes the chain was slightly longer, but otherwise loves to wear it with anything.I love these! They fit great. I always have to put the insoles in my chucks because I have flat feet but these are actually pretty comfortable without them too.I really do love this wallet. The quality is very nice the leather is soft and pliable. The flip out Driver license/I.D. card is nice so I do not have to fumble through the pockets looking for it. It has 6 card slots which aren't really enough for me, I had to double and triple up the cards from my credit card holder which makes the wallet a little fat. I am very pleased that it has an RFID blocking capability it is reassuring although I really have no idea if it is working or not so I will just take their word for it that it does. It at least gives me a safe feeling. It fits comfortably in my pocket even though as I stated earlier that it is a little fat.good!!great shoe, great price, great value !Wife loves it, happy wife-happy life.Very comfortable and stylish too.These socks are warm, without being bulky. They are well made, and easily stretch to fit my size 14 feet. The outside surface is more smooth and flat than I was expecting from inexpensive wool socks, which often appear to be crudely made. I'm struggling to imagine anything that would improve these socks. Some people might prefer a thicker sock for winter, and then a lighter sock for the warmer months, but these "People Socks" are a great weight for 3 season use (assuming they would be too warm for summer use). It's hard to imagine getting 8 pairs of quality wool socks for just $20, but these "People Socks" do it.greatDresses are perfect. No problems at allLove them. Never spent this much on running shoes,  but after hearing good things about these sneakers I'd figure I'd give it a try.  So comfortable, feels like running on clouds.These are perfect for my feet.  Been buying ASICS since the 1980s.Fits exactly as expected and launders well without wrinkles.  The fabric is finely finished and buttons are aligned properlyDermatologist suggested I wear a wide brim hat.  I never like to wear any hats, wide brim or not.  Must go back to the military when I didn't have a choice.

This is my second Dorfman and I really like it.  It is cool, don't have to worry about it in a bit of rain on the course and I keep my dermatologist happy.  I bought the first one in a golf store and when I went back to get the second they were out of them.  I was upset until I found them here.  I'll never get anything else.  It's perfect for the golf course and working in the yard.  I have had other golfers ask me where I got it as they wanted one. I highly recommend.The draw sting in front makes these a great fit.Comfortable.  And, price was great.  (apparently, more words are required but I have nothing more to say so I'm filling in.)very thin cheap fabric but still love itI was impressed with the quality of the bracelet. The black leather and stainless steel compliment each other nicely. I would say that this bracelet can be worn daily, no matter what the outfit.A very good lightweight coat. It is sized for a slight build, which fits my husband well, but it is definitely a fitted cut. It blocks the wind well, however the fleece is not thick enough to insulate against really cold winter winds. It is ideal for transitional weather in the fall and spring. It is light and has a very nice finish that makes it look a bit more formal than a typical windbreaker.This is so cute I love it!!!!!I love the style and color of this shoe, it actually is very form fitting to the foot and and comfortable. I actually purchase these shoes for running but wore them the other day to go to the mall by the end of the day I wish they were a little more comfortable, but I will see how good/bad they are after my 1st run in them today!Fit really wide lots of space width wise. I wore 10.5 and I take a 10. Will take 9.5 wide next timeI used this wallet for a recent trip abroad, and couldn't have been happier with it. The leather felt (and looks) to be of pretty decent quality, and the RFID shield seems to work as well (one of my hotels had an NFC keycard, and I couldn't unlock the door while the keycard was in the wallet). It fit my standard-size (no extra pages) passport, as well as all the cards I needed on my trip. I also enjoyed that the pouch for cash was divided at different heights; I kept cash in the upper pocket, and receipts/transit tickets in the lower one, and never had any trouble getting to either.

The wallet itself is a little big; although it fits comfortably in a suit jacket pocket, as well as in the shoulder bag I carried around, it's a bit large to fit easily into a pants pocket, which might be a deal-breaker for some travelers.

All in all, I would recommend this to anyone looking for a nice all-in-one passport case/wallet, but who isn't interested in carrying it around in their pants pockets.Skechers are tricky, so many types, I have a pair of like velvet black I love, thought I was getting another pair like them a year later and no, weaved like fabric that lets air thru.
I ride a motorcycle how I know. Anyway, the replacements so comfy also, I kept them.Sells for literally 4 times the price on Kingsize website.  Sold by them here for, well, a quarter of what you'd pay by going to their site.  Shrugs.  Shipped super dang slow, but within timeframe.  Nice weight, good lining, looks great, the first time I wore it I got compliments.  Fits way better than I thought it would (if you have bought from Kingsize before, you know what I mean).  I wanted a heavy-ish zip hoodie and this is PERFECT, except for the woman zipper, have no idea what's up with that, but it doesn't obviously effect use of the item.Love this style. Extremely comfortable sole! Gives much support and doesn't hurt my feet since I'm slghtly flat footed. I have tried many others and always come back to the Kanadia series. Will not disappoint!Top of this boot is narrow, if you have medium to large calves.  In addition the thread used to sew the pull straps is very rough and your legsA nice addition to the Quartz-chrono side of my collection. I'm not generally a big fan of the leather-banded timepieces, however this one (despite how basic it really is) really caught my attention. The look and feel of this watch is great. The strap is real leather, and the level of polish on the watch gives it an upscale appearance. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 for one reason only: the bezel doesn't rotate. I knew this before ordering it, but I feel as though just that one added touch would have 'finished' this watch off nicely. A good buy regardless.I just got these boots and tried them on, and they look cuter then I expected.
However, I got this in size 6.
I usually wear 5.5. and wear 6 for boots. (I like loose fit as long as they don't come off)

It was HUGE even with the insoles. I couldn't even walk right.
It does look narrow like other reviewers said, but because the ankle area is very wide
and the leather is so soft, I would say you should get your true size or go down a size.

I just re-ordered size 5.
I think that will do.

I gave it 5 starts because leather was so nice and color was good, and looked so adorable.
just need to find your right size.So I had to have these shoes. Overall, comfort is awesome. The leather is soft--no need to break in! On my feet, they pull and hit the outsides of my ankles, but I wear thick socks with these so it doesn't cause problems. Wish there was more padding in the sole. In general, though, really enjoying the discovery of OTBT shoes.Fit as expected, nice pants.I looked everywhere, and finally ordered these through Amazon. They were perfect for my holiday party event at a local museum. They are classic yet a little different, high heeled but solid. The price was also excellent. I recommend!They are so comfortable to wear.My  friend loved it and will highly recommend it .I guess I love it - it is the third one (different colors) that I have purchased!LOVE the size. Can fit a small hand sanitizer, chapstick, and my cellphone in it. Also has space for credit cards, cash and has a built-in coin purse. Only reason I didn't give it 5 starts is because a little bit of the stitching has come loose. But, otherwise LOVE it!!Cute little bathing suit.  So hard to find a decent one piece outfit - these are little girls we're talking about here, they do not need two-pieces....Nice-looking jacket fits very well. Seems well made. I may even buy anotherI had hoped to wear this as a house dress and look almost dressed without having to wear undergarments.  This is way too sheer for that and in my opinion is not attractive / flattering enough to wear going out - even shopping.  So... I will wear it in the house only when nobody but my husband is home (he likes it) and not expecting company.Our kid wanted a Pete figure and this is the only one we could find.  We took the hook and chain off so he can use it as a figure.They fit perfect. Will definitely buy from there again.exactly what i order for mine and my bf halloween costumes this he going to bw the joker and i going to be the joker gf :) thanks againthese pants are comfy BUT THEY SHRINK! i mean after every wash omg they go smaller & smaller WTF!? do not buy or waste your money the material is all wrong for these pants so if you bought them already and they are in transit send them BACK GUYS!!! trust me on this! URRRRGH!!!This is a great product. Just be mindful of the shade you're buying. :)Fun to wear with colorful tanks and jeans.Good watch , right sizeThe dress is just what we expectedI love these jeans, they're great! very soft, fits wellI bought this for my niece and she loves itGood fitThis is a perfect shrug top since I am always cold, even in the summer.  The material is nice and sturdy, not too thin.  I am 5'5" and 128#, and the medium was perfect.  The sleeves were perfect length.Looked larger in the picture by over all my fiance loved it.v goodLove it but yes, it's not made to last. The clasp broke after 3 weeks of continuous wear. I am going to try a more expensive Sprout's watch- maybe that will do the trick.Pro: size is good, quality looks good, warn, arrived much earlier than expected
Con: I ordered color Bizantium but I think I've received Red-ViioletGreatBoyfriend absolutely LOVED this! Such an obscure awesome reference to one of our favorite shows! Graphic was printed clearly and was nice quality!Absolutely love these socks.
They're nice and soft, the tops breathe so your feet don't get as sweaty, they grip nicely around the middle of your foot to keep them in place, and they're holding up really well.This sunglasses are WOW!!! After some rides I noticed the lens was with little straches, I have to change the lens, but that's good, I can select another color lens.Received V neckline instead of boatGreat for running and exercising. I'm a D and this sports bra hold everything in placePerfect for guys like me that have a 29 inch inseam.  Very good looking pair of pants.Super cute! I bought these for a beach wedding and they are perfect!These shoes were amazing.  My little one wore them as a flower girl and she kept calling them her princess shoes.  She wore them the whole night.  They run a tad bit big but nothing a little tissue paper could not solve. I also liked the fact that they were a true ivory, not cream or off white.Really comfy and cute i love it so much, the straps are slightly lose but not muchAlmost perfect, the bust is a little larger that the measurements suggested. I'm a c cup and I felt it was kind of loose up top. But the middle area fit great, and length is great. (I am also 5'5" 130 lbs.)Loved themvery niceThese fit as expected. They do come way up, like the picture shows, and the straight legs are a little looser than I'd like. But the quality is good and the color is nice. Overall, I'm happy with these.Had to order large because there were no XL. Fit was about what I expected. For those wondering, they are snug. I did not realize that they were part spandex when ordered. I was looking for basically this same short in all cotton but could not find it. These will work well.great product fast shippingI took these as a spare pair on a 8 day hiking trip to Mt. Whitney. Half way through the first day, I switched over to these shoes since my other boots were giving me foot pain. I have neuromas and the big toe box on the Anisos kept me pain free the rest of the backpacking trip and up to the summit of Mt. Whitney. The arch support is good and these are the most comfortable hiking shoes I've ever had. I didn't notice until I returned home that the sole of the right shoe had almost completely come off.  I hope that I will be able to exchange them for another pair.Arrived promptly and my wife loves the Bare Access Arc 2. Wore them to the gym the first day she got them and no problems,,,wish I could say the same for the Moabs I boughtI ordered a medium,  fits great, great material, well made. I will buy more, looks just like in the picture.
Perfect purchase!everything perfectCute. Cute. Cute!It fits kind of small but sexy will do the trick is what is needed .Received this ring in a very timely fashion. And speaking of fashion, this ring is well worth the price for all the great comments I get on it. I am a big fan of black diamonds and this one truly sparkles. It is not too large or bulky and looks very feminine on the hand. It also comes in a nice package for those who would like to give as a gift.Most comfortable brand ever owned feet never hurt threw out all other ones 1 complaint last style had slipperiest soles ever but these are an improvementI love this. I can wear it as a dress, or top. I received so many compliments on my outfit that I wish this came in an assortment of colors!Love them will definitely buy moreI love the hat. Very comfy. Size seems to run a bit large. Most of my other hats are large or extra large. I ordered my Dorfman in a large, but it's kinda loose fitting. Still a great hat though. And the wife thinks its sexy....The watch is nice...it looks good when wearing...My Husband LOVES these jeans. These are on his Christmas list each year.I just got theses in today and the fit is great! I am usually a 7 or 7.5 in most shoes and the 7 for this boot fits perfect. Can't wait to pair them with my favorite  leggings or jeggings.Very comfortableThey're a bit large for a size 7 but Ecco are comfortable and they last in DC walking- that's quite a feat! They do rub a bit on my metatarsals and I'm hoping inserts will help with that.It saw dark grey but looks more brown to me.  Very nice, though.I love that its tight, because if it wasn't my girls would be flying out.. definitely don't wear a regular bra with it since its so low cut, ( still trying to find the right one) but it is a very sexy top, just as long as your not really conservative about the way you dress at night..Comfortable enough fro all day usePresent for my wife she loved themPretty good quality. Pockets are of different size though (left is larger, I guess for a full size iPad to fit there) which is weird!
Keeping it since it feels it's of good qualityI love these boots but I really wish they were a little truer to size. I probably should have sent them back but I have held on a little to long and I am not sure that they will ever fit right...  too big for my swollen pregnant feet in the summer. Maybe in the winter with some thick socks? The boot itself is beautiful and appears to be of good quality. I should have ordered a half size down.I had to email them and ask how to wash this and found out you have to dry clean it. It would have been great if it was washable.Seems well made.  I didn't notice the thread issues other reviewers noticed.

It IS just about the thinnest wallet out there!  It also seems smaller folded than an identically divided leather wallet.

I would personally like a choice of brighter colors in this style.  I believe the company has other styles in different colors.  This "black" color isn't solid black; but instead has shades of black.  Not unappealing, but not eye catching either.

One disadvantage is with my old lumpy wallet I could always tell without checking if it was in my wallet,.  With this one I actually cannot tell if it is in my pocket or not without checking!Great shirt. Super comfy. Letters are of high quality. I am a medium...  Fits perfectJust a little larger than expected.  I have ordered the smaller size hopping they will work.  I really like the way they look.  I think they will be comfortable if I find the right sizeIt looked really pretty, but the cup size was waaaay too big for me :( but I should've expected it honestlyExcelent!Nice and warm, good for a late fall day. Soft cuddles and wash s nicelyThe only annoying thing about these awesome shoes is that over time they need to be readjusted. The toe strap gradually gets tighter through the day through normal walking, so I have to stop and re-adjust occasionally as the day wears on. But they're otherwise great so it's totally worth it!This is the 2d pr of Teva I hv had, 1st pr lasted 7 yrs of reg use.  This new pr is a bit more comfortable on the heel (cushioned). Delivery was very prompt and exact. Wld recommend this sandal to all.It was a little smaller than expected but does the job:)Love it for back and ab supportThis thing is a life saver!  I purchased it a little big and it still works great and my son can get more use out of it as he grows. The cuffs are tapered and fit snug to his rain boots and his wrists so the wetness stays out.I tried every nursing bra out there and was super frustrated by the straps, cost, and discomfort.  These you can afford to get a dozen of, wash and wear like iron, and are comfortable enough to sleep in.  They hug you enough to hold nursing pads in place, and turn any wrap top into a perfect nursing top, just pull it up over your breast when you're ready to nurse, pull down the side of your wrap top that you're nursing on, and your cleavage is covered at the same time as your belly.  I give a package of these to every new mom I know, and they all swear they are the best.

As for a sports bra, they're not the most supportive, so I don't recommend using it for high impact unless you're an A cup.  Still a great bra, I will continue to wear under camisoles and other summer tops and dresses long after the babies have been weaned.

I've found these at all the Wal-Marts I've checked, but it's great to know they're available here as well.A Christmas present for my daughter.  They are a  little big, but they are so cute I'm jealous. She loves them.  We'll see how they last.Nice chain seems to b study for its diameter. Needed a shot chain to replace one I broke. As promisedI liked how it fit as expected, i wore it on fathers day. I will be buying some more at a later date.Looks great but way way too big/heavyPerfectoI bought this thinking I'd hate the huge logo - and I did.

So 2 minutes with a seam-ripper and I have a perfectly plain waist pack.

It is small.  Large pocket fits my BlackBerry Priv, small keeps a minmalist wallet and chapstick/or headphones/other small item.  I like the key ring but realistically you can't fit many keys without adding bulk.

I bought this to avoid the "personal item" fee when flying.  It seems like it will lay flat.  Durability and quality - not so much - but at $6 I'll take my chances.Good shoeGood material and fit well.My wife loved it.great fit. Great serviceI like the shoes, but they are a about 1/2 size larger then my other 2 pair that are also a 61/2.love the quality. Got them at a great prizeI haven't compared it with others, but this pumping bra is comfortable. It holds the pump pieces in place well and has many size options (adjustable velcro and extra panel for larger sizes).I love a colorVery beautiful and great addition to my collection!My daughter loves these. She is pronating, and these are the most comfortable shoes according to her (she is 12)This necklace and its display are absolutely awesome.  I do wish the sand didn't move through the glass quite so fast but that's really my only complaint.  It looks nice on and in the case.  I did however not like the chain it came with because it was seriously short so I just went to Aldo, found a matching gold chain in a length even I could appreciate and switched them!  So easy!  And my new "custom" chain looks FABULOUS!  I really enjoyed the books and movies and this little piece of memorabilia is great.  I would recommend it to anyone (older than 9 because it's a spendy piece of jewelry, NOT a toy).Nice quality shoehorn.  Not cheap, but I think it'll last "forever."Cute.  Be careful, its not a pair.  One PIECE.I was very skeptical in buying this.  In fact, I originally bought the couture version in medium and realized I needed a large after delivery.  So, I bought the large and ended up getting it in the bamboo.  There is a huge difference between the two.  I was not excited about the price difference, but it really does make sense.  The bamboo is MUCH more comfortable.

Sizing:  I stayed in the large for 2 weeks and then it was too big.  I already had the couture in medium, so I used that.  Of course I was spoiled with the bamboo, so the couture was almost torturous to wear afterwards.  Now the medium is too big.  I'm 5 weeks postpartum.  I would love to buy a small, but this is turning into a big investment.

So, my point is to know that it works, however be prepared to buy more than one size.  It makes sense, but it's costly.Liked.  GiftExcellent experience! Excellent Seller!!I love this purse!!! I am a huge Michael Kors fan! What I really like about this purse is that the size is perfect, the leather is so soft and that you can put the longer strap on for a crossbody. I would definitely buy this purse again in a different color!! It is so roomy inside and it does zip close! You cannot go wrong with an all black purse!! My only advise is to care and condition it every few months if it's a day to day bag. I use Leather Lube ($5 at Famous Footwear or Academy Sports) and it brings the shine out of the leather and makes it smell brand new again!This is the only hooded fleece that wasn't furry or split into weird fabrics or colors I could find AND that was like a wind wall !  So it does block the wind completely it's warm in 40 degree weather with short sleeves underneath, but it is a bit stiff....not fuzzy inside the jacket which is why it's almost perfect!ok here it the wallet from the old west i love it great size and nice pockets as well and there is one on the back nice touchNice quality.  Gave it as a gift and it was well received.Shoe is good, lots of room at the toe bed, more so than other reebok. Comfortable shoe and is breathable. (Has little holes all around shoe.)Love itLove itThe photo doesnt show how crisp the details on this charm are. I was concerned it would not match the details of my wifes other charms but this is very nice. Also has some weight to it  not light, hollow, or stamped out from flat stock.Fits better than some sunglasses.  I do have a small head though.  Awkward to walk around in though.  Good for sitting & reading something.Love the shirt.Edited Review:  The drop down for sizing is in American sizes.  I normally wear a 10W and after reading reviews that the shoes are on the wider side of normal width and following the sizing recommendations, I ordered a size 10 initially.  They were too small.  So I ordered a size 11.  I just got them and they are PERFECT. They are wide enough and my toes have plenty of room.  I noticed on the sole of the shoe, it's marked with a 41 which means the sizing is actually European.  And this makes sense because I wear a 41 typically in European sizes.  If the dropdown sizing would match the actual sizing on the shoe, I think it would prevent issues like this in the future.  I wore them from 6 AM to 8PM and they are comfortable for all day wear.  No rubbing, no blisters, no sore spots ... pure perfection.  As for the other pair that's too small for me?  They fit my sister so now we have matching shoes.  :-D

Original Review:  I ordered based off of the sizing recommendations and I am going to order a size up to see how they work.  My toes hit the end of the shoe and they're a bit tight across the top of my foot.  I'm really hoping one size up fixes this because these are incredibly cute shoes and seem like they'd be pretty comfortable if there was more toe room.I loved the dress the only problem was how it fitted the top was somewhat large but figuring that I am usual a size 0 or 1 and i ordered a size to this was figured other than that the dress was amazing would buy againAs expected. Washes well. Fits nicely.I bought two different shoes to try. I ended up keeping these. I ordered my regular size and they fit great. The toe box is not too narrow and the shoe is not too long (not too much space in front of my toes or behind the heel). They are comfortable with a decent amount of cushioning. These are going to be perfect to wear for my upcoming competition.Bought for husband. Assume he really likes them, as he always has one of them on.Very pretty and elegant! I have already bought this the third time!!!
All my friends whom I gifted it to, loved it equally and treasure it!I gave this watch four out of five stars because of the band. I love the watch, it looks great and so far and hasn't missed a second. I agree with the other comments that the watch band it comes with is very thick and not easy to work with. You just have to be firm, but it is usable. I will be replacing the band when I find something I like.By day, I'm a busty size 8.  I bought this suit in a large and neither the top, nor the bottoms fit me.  If you're a curvy girl, go bigger than you think you'll need.My wife is 5'6", 140 lb. They fit great and they complete her sexy bedroom look... after a few uses, no runs yet...This is a Christmas gift so he has not worn them but I can tell the quality in the shoes.  I am sure he will like them!I loveGreat cross-body purse. I've received many compliments. The inside isn't the highest quality but overall great deal for the price.I currently use one large boot bag to transport my jump boots in my gear bag and another for my dirty laundry. I love the durability and quality of the bags.adorable - shipped as promisedA little tight but comfortableA very nice bracelet!Love these shoes.  I have three pairs in different colors.Be careful, because this slips rides up. Be extra careful if the dress you're wearing over this is sheer.I wear a 4.5 to 5.  I tried on the 5 in my bare feet and it was slightly too small: my big toes grazed the edge of the toe box. I'm also not crazy about the color, which is blah. I've ordered the Women's Moab Ventilator Mid Hiking Boot 2 because it's the same price as this boot in the 5.5 size and it comes in smoke, which looks like a light blue.

Otherwise, the shoe was very comfortable and my ankle felt snug and supported. The sole is very structured and although I have high arches I didn't know how that would feel after a while.I've only had this device for 2 weeks, but it seems reliable. This wallet will hold up to 5 credit cards in 5 separate pouches, rather like an ordinary gatefold card holder.  Each of the pouches has sensor strips on the inside of each pouch.  When a card is removed, the sensor strips make contact and the device starts buzzing discreetly, every 10 seconds or so, until the card is replaced.  The wallet comes with five dummy cards, so you don't have to fill all five slots.  The wallet also has a window for a driver's license or ID card.  the wallet has a button-snap closure, and is 4 x 3 by 1/2 inch thick.  The electronics and the gatefold can be removed and inserted into  regular wallet if necessary.Dresses run really small. I bought the 10/12 for my daughter who is a size 10, and if fits my daughter who is a size 8. Plan to buy a size bigger than what you need.Nice shirt. Good material. Shoulder seams hang over about 1 1/2"The male one is small. Love the color pop!Gift.  Grandson loved them.Lovely dressThe Skechers fit great and are so comfy. The price was the lowest I've ever seen and had hard time a size  6 in the stores. Love Skechers!Nice. Wasn't disappointed.Love this design and the colors with it. I do wish there were an easier way to secure it. With the clasp and how tight you want the bracelet around your wrist, you have to have two people to get it on. Can't do it by yourself without issues. Love this piece though and have already invested in a few other designs.Excellent shirt and nice priceIts good but not perfect.. Rolls by sides on hips and hurted a little bit and doesnt look good. But its my size. I like it because of color (bordo). And of course that ot invisible (untill roll :))I'm so surprised nobody mentioned how small these shoes are. I usually wear 8 - 8.5, I ordered them in 8 and I could only put right shoe on, curling my toes, just to have a look in the mirror and to see how adorable they look in white color... but I couldn't even squeeze my other foot in, which is slightly bigger.
If I tried to reorder, I would take not a half size bigger, but the whole size bigger, because obviously half size wouldn't save the situation.My boyfriend likes these jeans.  They fit about the same as his Levi's 559 jeans, but the material is softer, which is nice.Soft, fits exactly as I'd expected (I'm a medium), delivered at the promised date, and has what seems like it'll be a very durable print. I'm happy!Great well made and fair priced. What else could you ask for?Love the fit and how soft and lite weight it is, also love the color.These shoes are very comfortable.  I ordered my regular size and while they are a little large, in summer they will fit fine.  The picture is misleading and looks bronze.  The name of the color is taupe and that is much more accurate.I don't feel that I should rate it less than a "4" just because it didn't fit perfectly. It was snug, but then I am a wide-foot gal. Sometimes I can do a "B" if the shoe runs a hair large. In this case, I was just hoping that a regular size would have been that (a hair larger).
Bottom line, though, is that it is VERY attractive, and the shoe IS comfortable (the insole).It was good from the waist just my chest was too tight. Other than that it is cuteIt is a rather thin tie- but it's beautiful and quite frankly one of my favorites. So long as your not a tie snob I see no reason why you wouldn't buy and enjoy this tie.buen materialvery pretty perfect for multiple earringsPerfect fittingHave other Carhart shorts in other colors, these follow thru with same quality and fit as others I have. Size had same fit as my others.Looks great - a little shorter than the photo. Not too heavy. Will be wearing this a lot. Would give this as a gift with no qualms.A bit big but I will keep and use in my pool because it is comfortablethe only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the bigger stone could easily get knocked out of the setting because it is only glued in. they are all beautiful rings and I do love them!
the revision: I still love my rings; however,I never wear the ring with the larger stone,for the reason I stated before: it is glued in and sticks up high enough it could very easily be knocked out. In addition,the stone in one other ring was chipped when I received it, I didn't notice it at first because of the shape of the stone and location of the chip. I looked at them with a magnifying glass to see the detail of the stones (to compare with some earrings that I thought might be amber). It was a very small area at the point of the stone, so I didn't try to return them, but after a couple of months, the stone sort of crumbled apart and so now there is no stone in one ring and I am scared to wear another one, so, in effect, I ended up with one small ring for $30. There is surely another method to secure the stones without using prongs that holds better than glue, or at least a better glue! As much as I love them, I would rather wear my rings than just look at them...  I am removing a star, for a total of 3 stars.runs small!  Super cute!The cap itself is a little small but doable. The bump is HUGE like conehead huge. It requires a lot of styling too. Comes flat and straight but after some minimal styling it looked okay. The price point wasn't ideal but it's perfect for the costumegreat price and did not have to run all over to find the color I wanted just clicked and amazon had the color I wantedBf needed shoes for work. He loves that they're steel toe. Sorta heavy but he just needs to get ust to them. Other than that he likes them. Love them!my husband loves it, I didn't realize it had so many pockets, it has so much room, he's not looking sloppy anymore and it helps that he's protectedI absolutely LOVE this lace crop top! I ordered a size LARGE as I have 34DD but I wanted the top to be fitted so I ordered L instead of XL. It fits perfect! The lace looks very nice on, very flattering and the high neck gives it a modern style. I will updated my review with photos once I actually wear the shirt. I hope this review helps!I got this shoe 1/2 size larger and am happy that i did.  It is comfortable and best of all the height, while sexy,  does not make me feel as though I'm going to fall over.  the color is just a smidge lighter than navy but perfect yet the same.Haven't really worn it too much yet but it sure is purty! I like to see which of my doctor and lawyer clients get it. When you run into some one that does get it- there is a magical connection formed!this is very nice watch. I get compliments on it every time I put it on. I have a collection of 17 watches and this is 1 of my favorite.Priced right, works great. Not much more to say other than I use it for Kyack supplies and cross country ski stuffI really like these pants. The material is very comfortable and they wash well (don't bleed - appreciate that!). Very high quality and I really like the color. In person, I would say it's a little salmon-ish.My daughter loves it! Perfect for your Minecraft superfan!Love the dress it fit perfect, nice and warm. The material was comfortable !!!!!Love these!! Bought 3 other pair in different colors! Wish I could of found the deal I got when I purchased my first pair at Sam's Club.Solid everybody watch with a desirable color scheme. Compliments are few but we'll thought outThis seems to be a great product but I have one reservation, namely whether transportation  personnel in charge of accounting for lost baggage will have the technology or inclination to use it. If they do, you have a real winner; if they don't, a regular name tag will suffice.This watch is really good-looking, and easy to use. charging battery automaticly by light.

However, there are two thing to remind:

1, the real watchband color is lighter than picture
2, the watchband should be more soft for wearing comfortThese socks were very cushy. I was a little put off by the fact it says they are "Big-Tall" because I am not a big or tall person.  To me these socks are a normal fitting sock.This dress is absolutely gorgeous! I wore it to a NYE wedding and got so many compliments on it. Well-made and looks expensive. Im 56 and 125lbs and the small fit like a glove. Its quite long but it worked great with 4 heels. Definitely recommend.Simply adorable for your IDIndisputably beautiful and comfortable. Got the pink because I own the basic colours in fit flops already. I was so excited to receive them but now I have to return them :( they are a whole size too big. My other 4 fit flops are size 7 and all fit well but this style is too big. Also ordered the Chada and I have to return those as well. The top strap is way oo loose. The Chada is definitely for higher arches. I gave the Sho 4 stars because I love them and I hope that when I re-order in a size 6 they will fit.Ready for some miles...Fabulous quality boot!  I have a rather long narrow foot and wear a size 10.5 - 11 most often, so I only tried this boot in the max women's size (10) because a reviewer mentioned they ran large.  They do, although perhaps only about a 1/2 size large.  I am so glad I tried them!  They are also kind to larger calves (my calves are slightly larger than 16 inches with jeans tucked in).  My only caution to offer is that the leather foot is quite stiff, which can make them a challenge to get on and off (although getting them off is slightly easier).  Once they're on, they're so comfortable, and even more-so with a few wears.  They've also drawn compliments, making them easier to wear out to run errands, without looking like you've just stepped out of the tall grass.  I wish they were an inch taller as they hit my leg about 2 inches below the knee and I bought them to ease concerns about managing property near snake habitat.  That said, I feel far better protected than I do in my short hiking boots used for lighter landscape tasks.I just needed a plain black shrug so i bought this one. Its really comfortable and long enough for my arms. Its plain so its really good to wear with anything.First off, I saw some reviews about these being fakes. I don't believe they are fakes, but I'd be willing to bet they are second quality either that or TOMS has changed something. Its been a few year since I've bought a pair. Anyway the ones I've bought in the past are 7s and fit perfectly. These? Couldn't get my feet in. It seemed so weird though because length wise they lined up with my foot perfectly. Read another review where a woman said that she removed the insole and hers fit so I tried it and it worked! Slipped right on like they were supposed to and I just added something thinner. Maybe they changed the insole thickness? I dunno. You'll probably be fine if you have a narrow foot but if your feet even border on the wide side rip that sucker out. Still giving it four stars because after the initial hassle they fit like the TOMS I love. Cute too!Made a great Gift for my Bald headed friend.As described.  Wife loved them!So far I really like this wallet.  Well made and still thin even when loaded with cards, ID, money, etc.  Looks like it will get better with age based on other reviews I have seen.Bought these shoes for a friend because I loved them so much! Will buy them from this vendor again.  They were very efficient.The dress fits my daughter well. She is just a little fleshy and the dress hangs great on her. I would expect it to be a bit loose for skinny girls. One point to note, it is not 100% cotton as stated but 60% cotton and 40% polyester (according to label).Fit as desiredLove these! They're beautiful and warm. So far so good.After reading the reviews I decided to order a size up, wish I would of went two sizes up though. Normally I am a M in maxi skirts but this skirt I needed XL, still fits but I would like it a little looser. The other disappointing thing is the fact that the reviews said they received A-line skirts and not mermaid.... well both of mine are mermaid shaped. These wouldnt be a problem BUT they are very sheer so between the size and shape you can see all my naughty bits. Will be exchanging them for a size biggerGreat shoesI bought three of these for my 9yr old daughter to give her friends for Christmas.  The quality is ok. Good for younger girls.  No complaints.This is very flattering. I'm 5' 6" and not exactly skinny. Curvy! I wore strappy gold kitten heels and this hung perfectly. The color is beautiful. I love that it's one piece (plus headband). Super easy and great costume for most figures. Sexy but not in the obvious way so many costumes are. The slits are pretty high but only when sitting was it an issue. I just wore boy shorts under them and had no flashing moments.Definitely order 4-5 x larger than normal!!!!Love, love, love these shoes. So comfortable. Look great. Excellent quality. Can't get down the street without reconfigure a compliment on them.Exactly what I wanted.I like the quality and color, but the jacket can fit my husband?!  We had to send it back.Love these, second time ordering.This is my second year buying Noble Mount flannels. Am buying pj's for 15 sisters and nieces across all ages this Christmas, which I won't do again as finding the "right" one for each person a real pain in the pants!  Buy Noble Mount has been a real winner.  The waistband is a bit heavier than I'd like, but softens some with wear/washing.  Long enough for tall folks; which is a consideration for those who aren't, since the cuffed detailing would make alterations more intensive.  The thermal tees that come with these sets is a nice quality too; and the ones I received (bought 3 of this pant/thermal 2 piece sets) all came in a really nice gift box.  Color on my screen made the cutwork rose look much harsher than it is in real life....looked very fuscia to me online, looks more soft rose to my eye in person.Awesome quality but runs pretty small. motivated me to lose some weight just to fit into it!Great fita great present for Christmansit's a T-shirt. fits well.Its comfy and the length is sufficient to not have to wear bottoms without exposing anything inappropriate.  I actually like it so much I also bought 2 black ones!!Thought they were leather when I purchased them; nice boot overall for a man made product.Great. Just what I wanted.We haven't had an accidents to really try out the diapers true capacity but works well and also works on top of a disposable swim diaper.Love the fit and feel of these shirts.  Have washed and worn them multiple times and they are holding their color and shape beautifully.  Another nurse brushed up against me and loved the feel so much she ordered some for herself.LOVED ITThey are blue  jeans, what do you say about them?I love this purse! I needed something I could take to an amusement park and this was perfect! I also love how there are so many pockets!I like these jeans just fine but I'll need to lose a few inches as they fit everywhere except the waist.This review is from: BERNIE HAIR DON'T CARE sanders president 16 - Mens Cotton T-Shirt (Apparel)
This t-shirt is awesome. I'm very impressed with the quality and the fit. The material is soft but still has that new feel to it. I'm sure as it washes it will soften more. I am very impressed by the sharp looking graphic on the front. The screening looks like it will stay on there for a long time as it is high quality and sturdy. I love the font chosen for the typography and overall am just really impressed with this shirt. The sizing seems right on and the shirts (men) seem to be longer which is nice in case of shrinking.Playtex Secrets line is their best. Very well made & fit nicely. Gives a nice look under garments.Very cool watch.  Has a classy yet rugged look and feel to it.  Great purchase.Good fit around waist, but little long in the leg.  Material is typical stone washed denim--soft and durable.
These overalls would be better if they had some additional pockets like cargo and cell phone pockets.  (I love the pockets in my 5.11 tactical Taclite pants.)My daughter's feet run on the wide side, but not hugely wide.  I bought the 9.5W and they fit great on her feet.  She loves putting them on and wants to wear them all the time.  I take this as a good sign for the shoes.  They must not be too tight and hurt.  Would recommend them as they fit as expected.Super happy with it, big enough with added width on bottom.  Ordered dark colored one too.  Like the strap--wide, comfortable to wear.  I'm over the cross body style with long strap, they're a hassle to hang over chairs in restaurants, try to wear with a winter hooded coat.  Plastic is a plus if you have vegetarian friends.Almost as good as original Dunham's I bought 2 years ago.Excellent transaction A+Update:  So I bought these May 20th 2015.  It is now March 31, 2017.  My then 6 1/2 year old is now an 8 1/2 year old and she is still wearing these.  Essentially she has worn these earrings for the past almost 2 years only taking them off when she plays soccer.  She has worn them to bed and to bath and they have held up. Oh and almost forgot...They've literally been on her practically non-stop for close to two years and yet they have not broken nor have we dealt with any sort of skin discoloration or the metal turning another color.

We've had them for two weeks and they have been great. I got them for my 6 1/2 year old. Her ears tend to swallow the backs of earrings. I was hoping that the latch backs would solve that problem and they have. They are also very pretty. I don't know how they would look on an adult but on a little girl they are just right.Fits great! I got black in a size 7.this is another of the same I bought.  very comfortable and light weight.I purchased this shirt for the extra length and it works perfect. It fits like a regular 2XL shirt but has extra length to keep it tucked in your pants.Good product.. Kind of a tan color rather than a gold but it does the job. It looks god anyway. Gwt the smallest size because even the smallest size is quite large.convenient. fast, doesn't use electric it uses the steams that rises out of the machine, doest damage hair and is easy to cleanThis fits as expected, and it is very soft.  I used my embroidery machine to add a design on the front, and it worked great for that purpose.I have been having a hard time finding red boots that do not look tacky. these are very cute and comfortable. I love them! They are not my favorite boots so they don't get a five. If you are worried about the height of the heel, don't me. Easy to walk in!I bought these for my husband and they're his favorite!  They hold up and look sharp after starching and ironing them!Love the fit but the material doesn't seem quite as sturdy as my last pair. I'm hoping this doesn't mean they will fall apart. Maybe it is to make them lighter?My husband found this hat on Amazon and requested it for his birthday.  His face literally lit up when he opened the box. The quality of the hat is really great.  He has worn it several times and I mean.. really, I can't put it into words how much he loves this silly hat.  Overall, very happy with the purchase.I recommend to order half size up because the shoes is too narrow. I have a narrow feet but still my original size of 7 (which I ordered) is not fitting comfortably. Other than that, i like the  sryle.Very GoodGreat comfortable boot! Wore them all winter with skinny jeans!! Great in the snow too!Nice, fits well, good to know someone still makes small band sizes. If I wear it more than one day in a row the wire does poke on one side. But its nice other wise.Very happy , fit and look goodBeautiful necklace, but smaller than expected. As a result, local engraver had to make 4 lines of ID information smaller. It worked out andy family member loved it!good as I expectedbuenoVery high quality compared to the junk you buy in stores.Great gloves. They are made with s very soft lace. Not itchy. Full of pretty details. Beautiful costume fingerless gloves.This looked very cute on my granddaughter.  However it did not wash well.  The print on the front of the dress started to peel after two washings.  It was never dried in the dryer.Pants fit well a little longer than usual. The belt loops are small for my type beltThis is a great little gym bag.  But it is exactly that, 'little'.

It's just large enough for 1 set of gym clothes and a pair of sneakers and some water.  So you definately cant double this as a weekend bag or anything.  But for me its great.

The construction is solid, haven't had any isses.Comfy and well made.  I have a broad mid-section and as such, have moved the straps to fit closer to the hooks in the back so they do not slide, but it is important to know that I do this for ALL of my bra's and it might not be necessary for most people.Looks goodA bit cheap feeling but good for the price.Excellent quality....very softWish I would've ordered 2 or 3. It came from across the pond to FL, so shipping took as long as expected. The shirt is so soft, and my go-to for outtings. Not many things make me feel cute anymore, this has been flattering from 3 to 8 months, Im sure it will be for my last month. The quality of the fabric and stitching are great. No warping of the seams from washings, no pills on the fabric. Looks and feels the same as the first wear, and I have worn the hell out of it.Love itWith the comfy cushions, buyers will need to get 1/2 a size larger than their usual size. The zip of the boots does not felt smooth to operateGood shoe. Lacks arch support but looks and feels good. Don't wear them all day.A tad expensive, but a good fit. Use as everyday casual shoe. Put them on right out of the box and wore all day. Comfortable. Seem well made.Half size smaller than other Nike shoes. Hope they will stretch out.The fit is great and it is as short as it looks. The color came out more hot pink than plum but it's okA little thinner than expected, but it actually worked out okay since I live in Florida.The fit is great, the colors fun but the foot bed is not for long days in them.  At least not for my feet.  Looking for another foot bed to insert.They fitted perfectly and gave me that extra push that I neededExtremely well made and attractive shirt. It went beyond my expectations.The clip is sold by Pervinco, made of copper, and is 6 cm long. It looks stylish, with a brushed silver tone finish. The price of $4.95 seems pretty reasonable. It is small, simple, and clips on like it should. The tie clip comes in a cloth pouch, which is nice, since it gives it a bit of padding while in transit.

I am a regular product reviewer and I received this tie clip for review.COOLOriginal well made Harley authentic T. I have Apx 20 similar Harley T's and these shirts last. Arrived next day , ahead of schdule. Ready for a ride on the 4thperfecto+ Beautiful print is the only reason I'm keeping this dress as I can modify it to make it smaller
+ Comfortable
- I sized up based on reviews, this was a mistake. There is a lot of stretch to this fabric, I actually could have gone down a size from what I normally wear.

I would recommend this to a friend.Very good, as the photonice little bootsI brought this ring for my daughter and it is prettier in person. She will love it when she receives as a gift.Nice fit.I purchased this watch to work with my iPhone 5S. Yes, it works great with my phone! I chose to use the Network Mode. You could simply insert your own SIM card and turn this watch into a real cell phone in a second! The interface design looks great. The time display is big and clear.  I use it when I work out. I don't need to find my phone right after I finished working out anymore! Overall a very cool smart watch for the price! I will recommend this product to others!So comfortable. Because i am used to Free Run 4.0's, and 3.0's, i don't run in these for speed. These are a trainer/ distance running shoes. Unless you're used to a much thicker sole. Then these are legit. Freedom.For the price it's a great buyFits a little bigger that a normal 16g, and is a little heavy. But that's not a big surprise. I really like this peice, it's fun to wear. Great speedy seller too!Works well.  the shoes came with too short of a lace.Bought for a family member and they love them.I like the unit. It has a nice look to it. The inside set up is good.just a little too much ring storage. I could use earring space. Overall it is greatI had seen these boots for a couple years but I didn't know if I wanted to spend this much for boots when she is so young. But after seeing several girls her age have them, and I saw the boots in the store so I could see the quality of this boot, I made the purchase. And I am so glad I did. She absolutely loves them! I did get them a size larger to hopefully last through the school year. I don't think she would care if they were 2 sizes larger! She loves them and I love the quality. So far, I've seen pictures of her wearing them with everything; shorts, dresses and jeans! The construction is of the highest quality. She has a wide foot and I was especially happy the boots are available in wide. I am extremely happy with my purchase!Dang, you gotta get one of these for your wife, guys! She looks really great.I normally wear size 14 and thought the size large would have fit, but it didn't.  I ordered  the XXL and it fits perfect
 I love it.Love itI bought the black and tan pair, they are perfect, I am thicker so it fitted a little snug on my thigh but overall they were great!Very comfortable out of the box. Fit was on size and the shoes felt better than my old broke in pair of Cabella chukkas, which surprised me somewhat. Probably a shade darker that the picture indicates but that was just fine with me. I will try to give a more detailed review in a few months because time will tell, but so far I would say meets or exceeds expectations.Love this shirt, and fits great.Excellent cycling shoes for work commute, comfortable and professional look. Slightly wide but OK for cycling, bought a size 42, my shoe size is 8, 41 would have been too small, 42 is slightly large. I would of liked a 41.5 but not available.It's a really cute dress.Item was as listedThis is the loveliest checkbook I have ever had. I love it and I am so glad I bought it. The inside gives me everything I need and the color is wonderful.We bought three differente pairs of carter shoes, and these were the best pair, my three years old kid still using it, very regular use, the colors are almost gone, but she still like themBought it for my young son who is into TMNT. I really like how thin it is and seems to be well made.Adorable umbrella. So far works very well.too largeI don't have a wide foot but the sides in the front of shoe is a little snug.  I usually buy Ryka online and they fit like a glove but these didn't.  I still like them though for Zumba.  They are light and have enough cushion.I like Ash sneaker slip ons. They have the wide band which adds to the style. It's a platform type which I like mainly for comfort. It's not a flat wearing shoe as the majority of sneakers are. The glitter just really makes your feet "POP". I wear US 7 so I went with the 38 European 7.5 to 8 little apprehensive,but it fits nice and snug plenty of toe room. This
Is my second purchase of the Ash slip one. Comfort when you walk which is important, l live in Bklyn, I do a lot of walking on uneven sidewalks made of cement. You don't feel the impact, which is wonderful.
Bwood, Bklyn, NYI was very disappointed with the rings when they arrived and Seller refunded my purchase price.  The rings are nice but I was looking for something with a high polished finish.  Great Customer Service.Exactly what I was looking for. Love it. Super cute and functional! You won't be sorry. Fashion at its best.Ran small in size.  Had to returnLove these sandals!
Timely shipping.Have to return, too largeThere OK  I wish they run true sizeThis shoe is simple and classic. Just want I was looking for. A little tight around the toes but it's not too unexpected - just have to break them in. It was delivered quickly too.Daughter loves these!They fit fine and are comfortable. I suspect it's a little more loose than I wanted but I didn't know how to size it. It is NOT loose now. I've had these before and they are great. Wash well, last a long time.Just as described in the ad - relaxed fit and button-fly, comfortable, brand-name, worn, wash and dried a few times and no shrink/fade/tears, came in black/blue and grey colors, new-never opened package, was very happy!I would say these sunglasses came exactly as they appear, but I was actually surprised at how high quality they are. The temples are double hinged and the framework is sturdy, but still lightweight.

I love knowing that these are made from recycled materials, but it doesn't show. Love, love these sunglasses!

They came in a really nice bamboo case and ever since, I've had to constantly pry these shades away from my little brothers hands. :) My advice: buy two!Was a bit bigger than what I expected but overall good quality and very cute.I got this for my boyfriend because Workaholics is his absolute favorite show, and when he got this gift the look on his face was unforgetable. I got it before the expected date and in great condition. Love this :OSo cute!!! Love them!4 stars because I haven't gone out yet. It feels secure, I like it...but walking around the house isn't wearing it out for an evening. But so far, yes, it's good quality & fits well.fits just rightDaughter loves them.  Can't believe Chuck Taylor's are coming back around!!Awesome Shirts Excellent Price Two Thumbs UpGreat shirt!Good!I love the squeem!!! This is my second one moving down from a med to a small. It helps trim off your waist but I am exercising as well.Nice shirt but I bought the wrong size.Perfect shoesHow cute is this? It is beyond cute and perfect for the season. Picture this soft, comfortable outfit on a little girl with big dark eyes and dimples. We love Carter's because of their durable clothes for little people as well as the comfort. This outfit looks really good and makes our little one be absolutely ready to celebrate her Irish heritage. We depend on Carters for most of our little people clothes and have for decades! We are very happy with this St. Paddy's Day Tunic and leggings. Very good gift from a good friend.I think they look great and I fell cute in them.Bought this for Halloween, and wasn't expecting it to be here for a few weeks. However it came in 24 hours, I can't describe how amazed and happy I am. The quality is very impressive to and for this price, all I can say is everything was the best deal I found on amazon for a Halloween costume yet. Your never to old to enjoy Halloween! Thanks!!aI love these boots! However, I was disappointed when I opened up the box to see one of the boots had some pretty good scuffs on the front which do not look fixable.Super cute boots and a great buy!!! Arrived faster than expected and they are super comfortableThey are AMAZING!!! So very comfortable! Buying another pair!!!Came 5 days earlier. I'm 5'7 160. XL fits perfect high waisted. Length is right below my butt so perfect length not too revealing. Really good material. Only error was they did not cut a slit for the button so I had to in order to fasten.Purchased these slippers for myself approximately 2 months ago.  Fit as expected.  Price appealing.  Only complaint I have is that cushioned insole quickly compressed.  Although slippers still provide some level of comfort, they are not nearly as comfortable as they were when first worn.I get many compliments on the shirt and I love it along with my tuxido shirtLovely item. Bracelet even better looking than the picture. Will be for my daughter.Excellent shoe. Fit perfectly and I like the price and the colors it came in. The only complaint I have is the packaging it came in was damaged. Other than that I recommend you buy it.Sexy shoes. Love the material.Great qualityA very nice and durable bag.Best of this style of watch that I have ever worn. Very comfortable and durable.I'm really excited about this set! The colors are cute and the fit looks reasonable. I haven't used them yet, but I have 3 children already so I can usually tell how clothes are going to fit. Plus, i got a great price so i'm really happy to have these for the winter months.Very good shirt, consistent quality from Fruit Of The Loom but I WAS EXPECTING A 4 PACK AS PER THE DESCRIPTION. Now why would a seller have an inaccurate description unless they're deliberately trying to mislead? Honestly, how hard is it to have accurate descriptions of what you're selling? Too many sellers pull this and it's beyond old.

Congratulations CLOTHING SHOP ONLINE, your deceit has cost you future revenue. Never again.Love it!!!run a little small - get the size upGreat material. Carries all my important stuff so my jean pockets stay empty. The left side where it bi-folds, has reinforced material. This one won't be ripping at the seams.Well made and comfy.The red was vibrant and the quality of the fabric was very good. The fit was perfect. I have not washed the shirt, yet.  It will be interesting to see how it washes up.Not sure what all the bad reviews are on this. Got it in less than a week. The material is very thin but it's a summer outfit so it's perfect. Wouldn't want something thick for summer. It fit as expected except the straps are a little loose on the shoulders.Fits perfect. And very sexy!Got a size 4 for my 3 year old and it fit great so I'd size up if I were you. Bow on shirt fell off but it didn't look bad.I really like the fit and feel of these. I bought more after my original order. They have held up well after many washings!Easy adjustment when sitting down and after a big mealFUN and very durable! Thanks for a fun gift item! Read Psalm 62 for encouragement today!greatMy daughter loved it!next time i will buy 2XLThis was my dream mask and I think all Tokyo ghoul fans should have this amazing maskI love my boots. I get compliments all the time. Everyone says their really nice. I tell them that I bought them on Amazon at a fantastic price.Absolutely perfect cheap pair of clubmasters!  They look great, fit well and don't slide around or fall apart.  They're cheap of course so don't expect a quality lense but these are as good as I could have hoped for when I ordered.The top was definitely good quality however the sizing is definitely off. I am typically a 32 B but ordered a size up because that was the only small size left in stock, and it was too small. The cup size was too large for my size but the bodice was too small, I had to suck in my rib cage just to button up the back.Really cute but the strings come out after a few washes and it's a bit of a pain when dealing with a two year old but he loves themLove itComfortableBigger than I thought, I love itI can't overemphasize how happy I am with this "gadget."  it is not a wallet - it is 10x better than any wallet I've ever used, seen or owned.  It's design is brilliant.  It remains tight and tiny - though substantial enough that as I move around I am still aware that it is in my pocket.  I have it holidng 9 cards and cash - doesn't hold multiple bills folded, but who cares...
*  I couldn't wait to get it.
*  I waited several weeks before reviewing.
*  This is my 1st Amazon review
I plan to monitor Trayvax in the future expecting/ hoping they will come up w/ another genius design.The ring was much larder then i expected.great, comfy no-show socks for slip on sneaks, such as vans, etc. They wear well after washing.

I'm buying more.Perfect fit, love the color and style, right length for me, it rests just before my butt ends. Light weight, I usually wear a cami underneath for added warm and control.nice shoes... but be carefull when u're picking shoe size.Fit great and my husband loved it!
FYI...he is 5'11' and weighs about 175...we ordered a medium and it fit perfectly!It fits nice and the coloirs are very sharp.  I like it and were it often.  Recommend it . That is it.Perfect to wear at a pool party or for a singles vacation..very flatteringI've had some great running shoes from Asics, Nike, Brooks, and Mizuno. These shoes are my favorite!!  Neutral with maximum cushion.Exactly as expectedGreat shirt, seems big for a small though.A really good photo, play, art, Prop. not for adult faces..or large faces, but it does the job.
M ASuper soft and have held up in washes.  Love them!These fit my tall and slim 9 yr old son perfect. They are his favorite!looks good as expectedComfortable boot fits as expected!Great shorts, fit perfectly.It's nice, easy to read. The light is good for night. It keeps time and looks cool. And the price was right.Worked out perfect!These are SO useful, being clear and of various sizes. Have used all the envelopes of this set  and bought at set for my husband, in a different color of course. Neither of us have had trouble with the zippers.Love them, but run a little small!I wear a double X sized shirt normally but purchased this shirt as just an X which was a smart idea.  The material stretches so the smaller size works much better.  I actually wear it to my work out which helps burn a little more of the belly fat.  I'll order more soon.My friend has told me that she packs her suitcase by rolling up her clothes.  I tried it and it didn't work until I found these great packing cubes!  The assortment of cube sizes was perfect and they were clearly well designed to fit into the carry-on size suitcase as well as larger suitcases.  The net top makes it easy to see what is in the cube.  I was amazed at how many articles of clothing I could put into each cube.  If you roll the clothes carefully, they come out without too many wrinkles.Great product, have been traveling for the past 2 weeks with it and it has been extremely handy.  Only thing I would mention is that the protection for reading cards and passport are a sleeve, for a credit card not a big deal but for the passport it would mean taking out the sleeve to then take out the passport.  I opted to cut open the sleeve length wise so I could just slid the passport in and out without taking out the sleeve.Heavy soft cotton. Did shrink quite a bit in the dryer. Overall a great purchase. Next time would purchase a large from this manufacturer considering the shrink factor. Arrived well within time specifiedThis sandal looks great on the feet. They are very well made, and very comfortable.
I will personally recommend them to any women or girl. I like them a lot.

Sincerely
Faride Helmswrong color of blue -returnedReally cute.  No give on the head size though.  I would recommend measuring firstAbsolutely love these earrings.  I get lots of compliments.  They are very pretty.Hanes great clothes, good apearence, great purchase, hanes do it again with these great boxers good looking, great boxers, good buyThis bag is amazing especially for the price! It's VEGAN material, sturdy, made well, and feels great! Perfect size for a carry on! Big weekend bag and then some! This is the same size bag I took to vegas for 4 days! Will fit lots of stuff. I'm in love! Enjoy!ExcelenteI was very leary to buy this bra however the first time I wore it to jog I was very pleasantly surprised at the support it did have.  I wish I would have bought another one and will soon.  It is really comfortable and very supportive.I got mines today, a week earlier than expected. I usually wear a medium so I opted for a medium sized cincher. Perhaps I should have gotten a large size. It is  snug as bug but not too uncomfortable. I have been wearing it for two hours and its bearable. The material is breathable. It forces you to be in good posture. Now let's see if it works.good quality.  the fit is perfect for my frame.Great bootie at a great price.  Fits great, looks great and is comfortable.  I was concerned about the size after reading one of the reviews, I wear a 9.5 to 10 so I bought a size 10 and they fit great.Nice bag, especially for the price! Am a woman, but this bag was s gender neutral! Lots of room - just have to remember which section I put things!! Very nice quality and appearance!Love this! Is well made and is a great organizational tool. Is well worth the price.Surprisingly good fit, good material, good fade resistance, and handsome look for a Ralph Lauren knock-off... I dig the smaller pony they put on these too.  If you can't find the color you want in a Ralph polo this could be a good temp. substitute until you can.  Highly recommend this particular style... Mine fit perfectly BUT if it's a bit too big just take it to your tailor and have it taken in and up for about $5-7 bucks... (P.S. I guarantee if your town has a population bigger than a few thousand people or there is a local cleaners there is bound to be a tailor or seamstress about that could do this, check yellow pages or good ol' googs).Love them...perfectLoved the quality and the elastic with the logo is thick and they fit somewhat comfortably it you have a bigger buttI really like the design of this necklace. It's simple but elegant. I got the 18 inches one and it's just the perfect size. My boyfriend compliments on it a lot. It has good quality, very shiny. The seller is awesome, too. He is very patient and answers all the questions I asked. fast shipping. Really recommend this necklace.Liked it but too large, had to send back. Headpiece is not as nice as what is pictured.Tried two sizes based on other reviews, I wear a large but the xl fit best. They have no stretch - so true to size, for me, was a little too tight across the back. Color matches exactlyMy husband loves these slacks!  He likes both the fit and the fabric.  They're nice enough to wear with a sports jacket for dressier occasions.Cute jacket.  Quality is just OK. Nothing special but I like the style so I will keep it.Great value. Got here quickly and my soon really likes them.Any taller they could go over my knee. But tight on calf. Overall very good quality no sewing wads near the toes.Nice shoesCute, soft, warm. Color looks great on my wife. Knocked one star because the tie-string broke lose the first time she tried to use it. But the elastic is good enough that you don't really need the tie-string anyway.love itThey are very comfortable and lightweight. They are just a little warm. Otherwise I really likecthemI like them. They are comfortableI needed something that would fit in my backpack and hold up in heavy wind. This is the only one I have found that does the trick. I would have given it 5 stars but the stitching on the cover has started to come apart and I had to glue one of the pieces of the handle back on.Definitely size up with this. I went 2 sizes up and it's perfect. I love it and very glad I sized up. Really watch THEIR sizing guide and order accordingly.These shoes look really sleek cool and are really light weight. the price is amazingly low, fast shipping and over all amazing buy! THANKS!!!!!!!!!!!!Every once and a while Amazon sells these at great prices.  Great jeans for a lot of years.These are great boots for heavy snow.  However, when I purchased them, I did not realize they are MAJOR snow boots!  These are not the boots you would wear to run errands or go out on the town, unless you anticipated that you would need to walk through heavy snow drifts.  I ended up returning these, because I already have a heavy snow boot in the Sorel Joan of Arctic, and I was looking for something a little more lightweight that I could wear around town.  I ended up ordering the Sorel Fancy Lace up boot, and it ended up fitting my needs better.  If I did not already own the Joan of Arctic boots, I would have kept these boots.  They are great quality and really cute.  I also love the Spice color.GooodI bought this because obviously, waist training is all the RAGE! The clips are easy to work - on and off is good, the fit is snug but not so tight that I am worried about internal organ damage (that's what all the ANTIwaist training people claim lol. no.).  I feel like this product does a good job at helping shape my waist!Thought the plastic would have been thicker. I cracked 3 of them right away ordered some more and they have been great.  They should have been the very same so I don't know, but the ones I have work now and I would recommend them.Suspenders work like a charm. Easy to use and really good qualityI had been looking for a long time for a sporty watch that was also somewhat elegant - I don't have the time to switch out watches depending on my outfit or activity!  This one is great for me, since I am in and out of water all day long, and don't want to have to worry about taking off the watch.  It is big, but I love that, and it looks great with anything - sporty, casual stuff, and more dressed-up too.  I really love it, highly recommend it!I love, love, LOVE these shoes!!! I have been buying this brand and model shoe for 11 years!!! They are super comfy and very stylish! I am a construction project manager for a retailer and spend a lot of time in meetings and walking stores, these shoes are very versatile and stylish!Overall I am pleased with the purchased. It's simple, and the picture is a rather accurate depiction of the actual product.Very stylish and comfortable sneakers.I can not tell you how long I have wanted a new wallet, and this was the best choice! I love it! Works perfect for me.I really like this robe....BUT....it did not have a sewed in belt like I expected.  It's just a regular belt tie.  I was disappointed as that's not how it was portrayed.These shoes are GROGEOUS! The only reason why I didn't give them 5 stars is because they fit a little snug around the opening of the toe other than that I them.did like them but to heavyExcellent wallet. No flaws, weaknesses or problems.This is a really nice shoe, great price, but very tall heel.Very well made. My husbands second pair. He loves them.Son loves it, seems sturdy enough for a kindergardener.I am so thankful to have found this brand!  I work on my feet all day and need shoes, sandals and wedges that give me comfort and cushion...especially because I have pain because of it.  I always come back to sbicca.  They are cute and go with everything I have.  It has been an answer to prayer and I don't know what I'd do without them!DAUGHTER LOVES THEM!!Its under armour you get exactly what you pay for.  It came directly from under armour not an outside store.  Fits exactly how you need it to.  After a couple of days of breaking them in, just like any shoe they are comfortable as all get out!Love it.  Been looking for a great one and found it when I purchased this one.The shoes are great, but sent them back today for return as I didn't notice I ordered the Wide size.the best bra to wear. even in the summer, you stay somewhat cool. great colorStyle - 5, Quality - 4, Value - 5.  Overall, I like this jacket.  I won't compare it to a high end leather jacket, as that isn't fair.  It is real leather and for the price, it is a good buy.  One thing though, the zipper is on the wrong side for US jackets.  I normally wear a medium in jackets, as I'm 5'10"/175 lbs and have an athletic build.  It is an okay fit, not too small, but not quite a second skin.Great Deal, under $20 for some nice shoesThe design is a unique " all over" design it's a little on the larger side but if works it's like an 80's shirtThis skirt is beautiful on my daughter.  She wears it often for work and casualI am surprised how nice this is for such a great price. They are $20-$30 in stores. Depending on what coverage you want I suggest getting a size larger. Color is a tad brighter than shownVery supple glovesGreat fit.For me this dress is perfect. It is a nice simple classy dress. The sizing is correct and I love the color. I wore it to work and received a bunch of compliments. The material is soft and I liked that the sleeves were long enough which is usually a problem for me. Very happy with my purchaseLove these!  Order a half size bigger as they run smallLove this bag. It's just the right size. I can fit a book and tablet and phone and still have room for keys, etc. would buy again from this sellerThese are so comfortable and warm.  I love a slip on and these are very cushy.  There is not much of an arch but I have not had an issue with that.Very lightweight but does the job.  Our travel is mostly cruises and car trips, so we chose the hard side over the fabric.  After 2 cruises, our contents were well protected with zippers & wheels holding up nicely.  The locking mechanism provides good security too.  Very easy to roll, but the carry on doesn't stack well on top of the other two.  The polycarbonate finish scratches & gouges relatively easily, so factor that in to your buying decision.  For us, the set was an excellent value.Little tight, but nice shoelove the iridescent color and good qualityThe packing cubes are great! I travel alot, and it makes packing my bag easier, everything is kept seperate, and where it should be. The quality is exellent, and it arrived just as it is described. I'm happy with them.Right out of the box , they were co

mfortable.  No break in time needed with them.There is a smell from the flame retardant, but I followed the directions and they are perfect. They didn't smell better while wet, but after I hung them up to air dry they smelled great.  Worked out very well. The girls loved them I was excited when I ordered this ring and was even more excited when I opened the box and it was what I expected. It is a very pretty ring that you could wear everyday. It lays flat on the finger and doesn't have any 'catch points'. The diamonds sparkle and the sapphires are beautiful. The slight gold tone around the diamonds adds a special touch. I would recommend this ring. The only reason it didn't get five stars is the silver is not as shiny as I would like it to be. After wearing it a few times, it seems to become a little dull and needs to be polished to keep the sheen.Fit great, look great, wash and wear great.I bought it for a friend and she loves it.Size is as expected and it looks as pictured. Good, comfy underwear. Nothing special but also nothing to complain about!Another Christmas present for my son. He loves it and wears it constantly.  Good quality silver for the price.Nice watch, pretty color but too many useless dials and stems .....My son is a tall and husky 9 year old, so the pants were almost a little tight around the waist, but they fit. The fabric was a little stiffer than I would've liked, but for the price, it's a great value.very cute and fits great, ordered one size up!I can't go anywhere with out someone complement my boots. Im 5'10 and they come up to my knees. They keep my whole legs warm. I love the fun colors they come in.looks nicelittle unhappy with material but shirt looks fine.My wife loves it. Shipping took a while but great qualityis Focking more big.and I don't I likeI love this shirt just for the saying on it. It fit great when I first got it but then started to get a bit shorter on me not to bad yet but I have only washed it a few times. I try not to wash it so it doesn't have any problems but I don't regret this but at allMy husband says he loves them and they fit perfect. He runs half and full marathons and says these are a great shoe for runnersWonderful jewelry box! I just love the storage it offers and it is beautiful! Great purchase.They are the exact same style as the women's. Sizing might be different but I was hoping with it being a "Men's" it would be a slightly different style.Soft and wonderful!!! Lightening fast shipping. I listened to the other reviews and ordered up a size. I'm 5'2"/115#, short wasted! and a 34C. The M/L for perfectly. I will purchase in the other colors. Great value.WOW this chain looks and feels real, AND its inexpensive AND it comes with a lifetime warranty. Feels heavy and has a deep color. I got the 36" and its personally a little bit too long for me. Baller chain nonetheless. Gets tons of looks from people and everyone thinks its real because it is. I've had mine for a while now and its not fading at all-its really plated! DONT get one of those $5 chains because they honestly can't compare to this, trust. The cheap ones feel light, look cheesy, and fade quick. I've had 2 of the cheap ones and they're trash. The cheap ones look nothing like my real chain and is actually laughable when you feel the weight in your hand. This one on the other hand, is actually comparable to my real chain and if they were the same length and linkage I would honestly get them confused. You won't regret this purchase especially since it comes with a full warranty. I put flash in some of the pictures so you can see the shine it has under light. The pictures were taken after about 6 or 7 months of me having one.Love it!
A bit large on the right foot but will try using a padding or something to make it fit better.Great quality and fit as expected.Very happy with my Jacket.  Lovely colour and fit. Process with Amazon was fantastic, speedy delivery to Australia. Thank you.I have never worn a size 14, (13 's),so I thot these would be roomy but they are tight .I like them but wish I had got a 15. They were very prompt & I got exactly  what I orderedi bought these for our Mother and I am impressed with the quality and beautiful colors of the socks. Most of all, they have a good amount of the anti slip grips on the sole to help Mom from falling.Little sheer but like the designAbsolutely love this sweater!!! Was worried when i ordered a larger size but it fits perfect! Good quality! Would definitely recommend this shirt to anyone!!!GoodAmazing i get compliments all the time i knew when i seen these shorts i had to have them they are cool and all but order the next size up....also for the price def cant be beat..Warm!Well mde, I liked the style, but to wide for my feet. I returned them.goodQuality shirt. So far so good.Great for st patty's day.Good purseThese are very comfortable fleece gloves that are breathable and warm. With high wind I'd recommend using a liner. Because they're so breathable, you may not feel the kind of insulation of other gloves, but your hands won't be cold. If that makes any sense. Recommended, and the good fit maintains your dexterity and won't restrict movement. They dry quickly.These little lace shrugs are really cute. My grandbabies were so excited to put them on. They run a little small. I would suggest wearing sleeveless clothing underneath them. Long sleeved and then order a size larger. I wish they had these in 7 to 14 also
Have not washed them yet,but, very pleased so far. If they wash up well ,I will come back and give this 5 stars. Well made.I like this pant.  I have it in 3 colors.  Comfortable but nice enough to wear for work.These PJs are so soft and have a lot of quality...I love them.Great shoesSexy... but tall. Be ready.Looks fantastic over the top of a simple black tee. This simple but stunning piece has provided a lot of comment when worn.Feels great!! Much more "cushy" than my Guide 8's. Guess I really needed new shoes!Better price than shoe stores and exact same qualityI'm a true 8.5 which is the size I ordered and my beautiful little booties fit like a glove. Have since bought a second pair the the Cashew colour. Totally awesome boots & super quick shipping to Aus, arrived on the third day after purchase!The shoes are very confortable and they look great with almost everythingGreat fit. I will order this brand againKids love them - work and stand up to abuse well.LOVED THEM! perfect wedding shoes!! I ordered a 1/2 size up just like the other reviews said and they fit PERFECTLY!I love this hat and I get lots of compliments when I wear it. It fits really well! And it looks awesome!This hat was received in time for Christmas.  It was a gift and the receiver was very well pleased with the size and the quality.they were a hitNice quality.  Early arrival of shipment.Product was as seller described. No complaints.Foot petals products are fabulous! I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and not only does it help my feet, but they help my ankles, knees, hips and back! Fabulous!!!!! Whatever you do, DO NOT PURCHASE from CSN STORES!!!!!! I ordered this product from them, recived a shipment e-mail and almost a week later received a cancellation e-mail with no reason and no credit to my credit card! Totally unprofessional!!!! I could have gone out and got them elsewhere or from another store on here!GreatIt's beautiful I love it and all my brothers would like to have oneLove this shoeVery nice hat.Time consuming to set the day and date, for the price it shoud have been programmed with a built in calender.Should have ordered the shorter version, I have large calves and they are very snug, great boot other than that.Looks even better in realityI have bought a few lilyette bras and really like themGood quality for kids.  My 10 year old son (9 years old at the time) has had them since last Christmas and they are still in great shape.Bust area fitted well, however the band around the body is very tightGreat shoes.  Comfortable.  Lots of room.  I like the lack of heal elevation and they make me noticeably taller.Good bra for sports activities. Nice that it has no underwires and the back elastic is nice and wide. Needed to hook back on the last hooks at first until it stretches a bit. Cups fit snug but not restricting.I love this watch, it's shiny and the band that comes with it is long, the star i removed from the review is because i bought 2 of these but in both of them, the second hand marker, falls between the second marks printed on the dial, it isn't accurate as the picture in the description.The pocket watch is very nice.  It is easy to open, set and close.  I was a bit disappointed with looks and quality of the chain.  The delivery was prompt and the merchandise was well packed.  All is all, this was a very rewarding experience both with the product and the service.These heels are so pretty and fits perfectly. I look forward to buying more from this brand.Received these as a Christmas gift and they are stunning. Better looking in person than on line.Tool is of good quality, I do not use this often but enough that the quality needs to be good.comfortable and easy to cleanLovely sweater, well made.  The only draw back is the care and laundering tag is in Chinese,  If you know that the item is WOOL, just opt to dry clean it.  It is a lovey fabric with a smooth drape.  The argyle gives the sweater a timeless look.I have nothing to say but how great these shoes feel.  Love all the colors, they look good with everything.Purchased these for my son last winter when he was about 6 months old. He wore them EVERYWHERE we went and i loved them because his incredibly wide and chubby feet fit perfectly! I seriously had people stop me to ask about them multiple times and my husband named them our sons "fairy boots". They were durable and washed up well but if i did have one thing that i was slightly disappointed about it would be the sole of the bootie. It is the same material as the rest of the bootie and i feel like if it would have had grippies or some kind of anti slip gip they would have been perfect! If your little one has cubby feet or you just want a comfy bootie to slip on them to go out or just to keep their feet warm inside you will love these!These 6mm barbells are the perfect lenght for me. They fit comfortably, are easy to put on and the bar doesn't stick out.My son wanted the Harry look and got it! The glasses are a little big for a 5 year old but very authentic and durable.Of all the many Catherine Popesco I own this is my favorite!!!!!  Many many complimentsAmazing quality and great design. My daughter who is such a picky individual simply loved it. It was a great buyCarhartt womens is always 1-2 sizes too large. Order at least a size down. Im a size medium in the real world, and the XS fits me. Shirt is great, stury work shirt otherwise!Great productI am so happy with the dress, it was exactly like it was advertised. My daughter was thrilled with her dress and it fit her perfect. You can be sure that in the future I will be ordering products from you again.Tried on this 40F, the girls were impressed and grateful.  Supremely supportive and forget-it's-there comfortable at the same time.  Full coverage cups AND separation, no more sports bra uni-boob.  Side bands and 4-snap band in back very wide, keep it all in, no pudgy overflow.  Wide, padded straps atop shoulders don't dig in.  Nothing feels better than well-fitted bra.I like this corset. I am 5'8 165lbs and as the reviews suggested i ordered 2 sizes up. I usually wear a large and ordered this in an 2XL. It fits well, however the ties are tightened all the way. I won't be able to tighten it any more. I think if you order just one size up, you should be good. I like the 2XL because it is comfortable, but if it stretches out at all, it will be too big. It is good for my costume.Good gloves, but kind of big. They aren't the typical stretchy kind, which is what I thought I was ordering.Cute hat fits my smaller head. I have a problem with hats being too big and it fits perfectly. I wish it was a little more constructed.Stylish design. Works well as a back pack though strap slides off shoulder a little easily, but still big improvement over using shoulder bag. Small things can fall out in open side pocket with magnetic closure when you bend over. You have to watch out for this, and pack things carefully or put small thing in zippered compartment.Just got these and easily figured out how they work.  Tried another brand and they were a little trickier to use (got in argument with hubby over whether I had them in the shoes incorrectly-they worked but didn't look like the photo so he said).  Gave up, got irritated, and pitched him (I mean the laces).  These were easy to do; don't know about durability.  I wanted them for stability of my foot in the shoe for gym workouts and it is perfect for that.  Avoids adjusting and readjusting laces.  I tried the silkies/hickies and they are good, too, but I like this better because it is easier to get your foot into the shoe by- far.  I like this product but wish it also came in cuter colors for the more colorful type athletic shoes.  For that cuteness factor, Hickies win!Nice shirtThe fabric is a tad heavy. EverythinThese seem nice for the price compared to the Vionic brand.  I still want to try the Vionic brand to see if there is a difference even though they are $30-$40 more.  They seem a little big in length but the staps are a little tight - hoping that they loosen up.  They do have good arch supportNice skirt....kinda see throughVery comfortable and should last!  Bought several pair.The Witbelt was extremely useful and I love the fact that I can keep track of my luggage; especially when I am feeling tired after a long trip.  It was really easy to pair with my device and the cost was very reasonable.OKThis is a beautiful, tasteful pendant with a nice stone that looks far more expensive than its listed price. The setting is not open in the back, as I had expected from the picture--it is a solid sterling silver. It doesn't matter, but if it twists, it is not an "open" design that looks the same on all sides.

The pendant is a nice size, small enough to look real and at the same time tasteful and classy. I do not like the chain. It is extremely thin and, unlike another reviewer, I had quite a struggle with the clasp. Fortunately, the pendant is nice enough--and inexpensive enough--that it is worthwhile (and still a good deal) to buy a different chain. Despite the difficulty putting it on, it actually looks fine on the thin chain, but I still plan to change it and the pendant design will make that easy to do.My wife had breast surgery, and the doctor was going to charge her around $75 for this exact bra, so we pre-purchased two on her before the day of her surgery.  These bras worked very well and giving her the extra support that she needed.  They are easy to take on and off, and they are very comfortable.  She kept wearing them even after she was healed because when she worked a 16 hour day, her bra didn't bother her skin at all.American made, offers width sizing, been wearing them for years and will continue to do so.  However if I am required to write a certain number of words in my reviews, this is my last one.Love them. Fit well. Shipping expensive.I'm so glad I got this to give to my girlfriend. She loves it and wears it all the time. Everyone she knows thinks I spent way more than I did. I highly recommend getting this ring for whoever you love. She will love itThese fit as expected. Arrived quickly and are cute.Great!I have to write to let you know that these boots saved my toes from being severely injured by a 3000 lb scissor lift. The driver went completely up and over my foot and the only part that had any pain at all was the edge where the composite toe didn't cover. Even that part was minimal due to the composite toe taking the weight of the lift.Perfect!This coat is very nice. Well made, true to size, although the sleeves are a little long. It has a  fleece lining so it is good for Fall weather but not for use as a winter coat. I was happy with the quality for the price.  I have not used it a rain storm yet so I cannot attest to it's performance during a rain storm. For toddlers who ourgrow everything so fast I liked the quality for the affordable price for something he will probably outgrow by next season.I liked them because I was able to wear under my pants comfortably but was a little disappointed in the fact that they did not add as much compression on my upper legs as I was hoping. They are comfortable though and it felt like I did not even have anything extra on under my clothes.Boy got a gsd puppy, so he needed the shirt that goes with it. And yes, he really does love her more than anything else in the world.i like it i order more of them in diff clrFit greatWonderful shoes!
Love the added support and they are attractive as well!Very cute backpack my 1 year old love it and great sizeI am a 44D and wear the 44BCD. A family member is a 46C and the 44BCD, the highest size, does not fit her. It is tight on me but I don't have painful rashes any longer.They fit and look good.  The material is odd in that it is very noisy, kind of a "crinkling" sound when you walk, almost like they are made of paper.  This is true for both pairs I bought, so it isn't an abberation.  BUT, I really like the fit, look and comfort, so I can forgive the noisiness.  I just won't wear them when I go out ninja-ing.

Hopefully they break in with more wear.Great for keeping you dry and preventing the dreaded Chub Rub!This is the most lightweight of the Vibram FiveFingers shoes that I have tried.  Much more ground feel than Bikilas or Komodos. Good for use on a groomed surface, not as good on rough ground, gravel etc.  I bought them to wear indoors on a matted surface, but wouldn't want to wear them outdoors in the winter.The pants are great. They have a soft feel to the skin. I love the color. Unfortunately the fit wasn't quite right for my butt. I normally wear size 14 and decided to buy a size higher. These are size 15. I would have to probably buy a size 16-18 to get the fit of my liking. I will be returning them and maybe order a size higher just to see if they will fit well.I love this wallet. It is the perfect size to carry cash, if and credit cards
 Worth the price.Fabric wrinkles more than I would have liked. But for a casual lightweight hoodie I'm going to keep it.My wife was delighted by these socks. Delivered very quickly.Too small, hated to send it back, the shirt was awesome, just too smallLove them and they were nice and long.This is my second pair light and very comfortableNiceNiceThe shoes were very nicely made. The leather was thick and had a nice rich color. They are built with a very narrow toe so although I ordered my son's correct size, he could not get his foot into the shoe.I absolutely adore these boots. I was contemplating buying uggs but after finding these lovely boots I think they look better and are more cost efficient. I ordered mine a half size up ( I wear a 8.5 but ordered a 9) considering the fur lining and they fit perfectly. So happy with these boots and my decision!Nice made wig.  We used this for a Tafiti costume.  Nice long length.  Adjustable strap at back made it fit well.They fit well, very comfy, moreso than my previous Go Walk pair. I would say I love them except that a squeaky sound started up from the side of the left shoe after a few days. Never happened with my other Skechers. Can't figure out where it could be coming from, but it's not enough to forego the comfort.This robe is really nice and fluffy! It's certainly doesn't make you look attractive, but robes like this are more for comfort than anything. I'm glad I got this robe.Love the feeling of this fabric....wish there were more styles just like it.keeps shape when wet and drawstring keeps it one even windy conditions.boss loves the scarf I got him for christmasVery cute!Received this bathing suite, and the top fits great! The bottoms are too small, which make me sad, but I love the way the top fits me, so I will just find new bottoms somewhere else.Product arrived promptly and was as described or better.always usely item
good price
Very cute and activy
my douter like it
I want buy more another color itemThey are fine. As expected!Bought for Hawaii trip. Perfect fit and super cute!Haven't worn it in the rain yet but love the fit, the color, the feel. Very light, packs small.the fits a bit weird, I'm 5'3 and I'm a lady so I'm sure it would fit better on a man. The shoulders are a bit broad and theres really no shape to the shirt so its not super flattering but i love wearing it with a jacket and jeans. Its an awesome rock shirt to own.Perfect for our Disneyland trip!I love this jeans, I bought it for my twin boys and it fit them a bit large but they will sure grow with it. It looks so cute on them and they love it.Good quality as expected - would purchase againThe ring itself is great and the engravings were perfect. Its just the sizing that is off. I got this for my boyfriend and he has thick fingers and this was still too big on him. We looked at the sizing charts and got precise measurements but it was still too big. I would recommend getting a whole size smaller.Beatiful! True to pic in color, came well pckaged with zip back for storage. Fit well, would recommend, will be buying in other colors.I'm a 36C and I was looking for a bra that didn't make me seem bigger than I am.  Most bras have padding, which I don't need or have very thick material always making me seem larger when clothed.  This bra has support and is sleek.  I also love it in the summer.  Feels nice on my skin.  Keep in mind it may not be puffy thick material as the others, but it's not see-through either.  The material is doubled and nothing shows through. I'm getting another one!It was a good fit for a Halloween costume.I wear these everyday. niceI bought it for my son, and it fits him perfectly.This is my second pair. I bought them again because they are so comfortable and look nice. Cant hardly beat the price either !Great look!  Grandson looks soo handsome.
Luvella AndersonMy daughter loves it and enjoys wearing daily if I allow it. Product came as described.Material is super thin and seems to run small.  I even bought a size larger just in case.  Still small.  Im keeping since Im still losing weight. But cant use for my vacation which is what I bought for.Love these! Fit well, slim and tapered without the extra flare of fabric at the end of the leg that most shorts I buy have. Would definitely buy again!I am on my feet all day in a dog grooming salon. I needed shoes that repelled water and were comfortable for my feet and back. These shoes fit everything I needed plus they were slip-on. I have had them for a month and they have held up well and still as comfy as the first day and I didn't need to break them in. I love them so much I am ordering another pair. I am an older plus size woman and have had problems with my feet (mortons neuroma and plantar fascitiis), and also lower back issues these shoes have been a blessing. If there were any cons it would be that these don't come in a black too.These lasted my husband almost 2 yrs u need to bring them back for real!I bought this for my daughter and it fit well and falls nicely! She really liked itLove the color and the texture.  However, it arrived with a funny smell in the fabric. I had to dry clean it to get the smell out, but apart from that hiccup, it goes great with beiges and neutrals.I normally love Bass shoes. I waited for months to buy these shoes. I love penny loafers and I needed a new pair as I had been wearing my previous pair (not bass brand) for two years and had worn them down severely. I bought these three months ago and I'm already beginning to see a hole in the sole. I do walk more than the average person, but I hold Bass to higher quality standards than that. You will need to break them in at first; it took me about a week or a week and a half to be able to wear them all day comfortably. There are the start of some small cracking in the outer layer where your foot bends. I was ok with this worn look on my old pair because they were old, but I was hoping the brand new look would last much longer on these especially since I went with a higher quality brand. I still love these shoes and think they looked beautiful when I first bought them, but I wouldn't recommend them to someone who expects them to last long as a daytime shoe.Beautiful dress! Will definitely buy from this seller again.beautiful chain and necklace.A very beautiful piece of jewelry very beautiful but it's a little small if you have a big  wrist forget it my keep coming off from my wrist other than that it's very gorgeous.Excellent product  for the moneyI should have ordered an extra large and a different color. The light grey washes me out. The material is amazing and comfy though! I would buy this again, but in an extra large. I prefer my long shirts a little looser than the large fits me. I am 5'8" and weigh 175.I chose the five star rating because I have worn Rockport's for more Fifteen years.  Rockport make exceptional good quality shoes that fit and are comfortable.

I would definitely recommend Rockport to anyone who like a Good  quality shoe.Very sweetGreat lightweight shoe, the material is a little lightweight for my son as it's starting to tear near the toe after 3 months so I might need a heavier duty shoe for his scooter riding.This is a really nice and comfortable shirt. However, it is cut a few inches short if you are an xxl.I read most of the reviews before purchasing so I knew beforehand that my iPhone 7 plus would not fit and that's okay. It's a nice size wristlet. It's nice and roomy for cash, ID, credit cards, gum, and keys. Beautiful color.Not great elastic and shear but will work fine for the summerExcellent brand at an excellent price!!This is a great boot. It is very comfortable. I am a security officer and the reason why I choose to purchase this product because of the blood borne pathogen resistant and waterproof membrane feature. After having to walk through and quarantine an area with covered in blood, I realized how dangerous my job can really be and this boot helps ensure my own safety with its blood borne pathogen resistance feature.

An additional feature I like is the waterproof feature, I think it is great for walking through those mucky and slushy pathways when the snow is melting in the early spring season, but works well for the melting snow in late autumn too. This is a great product that is why I rate it 5 out of 5.

Additional features:
+ Side Zipper
+ Protective Toe FeatureGreat costume for the $$I was looking for  black sneaker to wear with black or greyshorts  tihis is the perfect shoe for my needsThe cut and drape of this blazer are beautiful.  The fit is professional/conservative, with a hint of femininity (not too boxy!)  My two Theory suits are the favorites of my work week wardrobe and are also perfect for interviews.  Sizing is on par with DVF, for those who are unfamiliar with the label.I've worn Cherokee scrubs for years! Great quality & price.perfectThis cat suit is super sexy and comfortable!!!Shoulder straps were a little long, I fixed them. Had to tighten buckles and back all the way. I'm 5'6'' 125lb. I read the reviews and went with size bigger than usual. It's a beautiful corset! Very comfy. Well madeJust got it. And loving it! but I wish it was a bit more sparklyReally comfortable and made with quality. I would definitely order again. Matter of fact when I get done with this review I am going to order another pairThe cutest charm on the bracelet.Durable and roomy - fit everything i needed for a week trip and fit in the overhead compartment.Love my new bagVery nice glasses, feel good while wearing and the material they're made of feels like high quality. I really like these glasses.Works great. Exactly what I wanted.After many days of trying to figure out what color (online) and what number (in store) was which (thank you UPC app) I ordered these FOUR days before our wedding.  One pair for my fianc and one pair for a groomsman.  They arrived and fit perfect.  I fought jeans for the wedding (and obviously lost) but they worked perfect for our country wedding!Beautiful dress!loved it for my sonLove the way it fitsGreat gloves, packaging real classy. Gave as a gift and they were really impressed.My boyfriend bought me these boots as a gift and they're super cute! Im normally a size 10 wide and the first pair I got was a regular 10. They were too small and tight in the calves so we reordered the 11 with wide calf and they were perfect! It was also really easy to return and reorder which was a huge plus. Theyre comfortable and easy to wear, would definitely recommend, especially at the price!Dad loves these work pants especially the double knee feature.  Very durable and look nice after many washings. Now he wants more colors!Nice whatch!I got these for my 2 year old. I couldn't find them at any store! She loves them and sometimes she matches them or wears two different ones and thinks it's funny.We helped a friend order this purse for his wife for Christmas and she is madly in love with her purse! Stitching has held up well and she still uses this as her daily purse. Shipping was fast!Little longer than desired but my fault for not measuring. Still a beautiful chain to add charms to.Upon looking at this shoe several times before ordering I was very skeptical. For one the color. Was it really fuschia? Yes it was. Next how or when can I wear it? Definitely not in rain or damp weather. Its more like a bedroom slipper or to be worn inside. But its really jazzy so I would say inside a building after a prom, wedding, banquet, or work. Overall im enjoying it.As a teacher (and someone who's on her feet all day long), I can't say enough good things about Toms. My feet never hurt after wearing these shoes. I've even worn them on longer walking trips to the state fair and the zoo! And the best part is that my comfort is doubled knowing that I am helping someone else in need. I am a Toms customer for life!They ran about a half size large for me, so I ordered down. They have typical Clark comfort--great right out of the box. Very chic for both slim trousers or leggings and skirts with tights. Wonderful to have great trendy design and the feel of a comfort shoe. Another Clark winner---and at a very competitive price.when I saw its true size; it looked bigger in the photos (but the dimensions were published, if I'd cared to measure).  Expanded, there was ample room for everything I needed for a four-day trip.  The tote bag easily handled toiletries, tablet, chargers, and papers.  Rip-stop nylon, sturdy zippers, and large easy-rolling wheels are welcome indicators of quality, especially at this low price.  Even expanded, the bag qualified as a carry-on at the US airline I chose.  As others mentioned, when the compartment is expanded the bag will not stand on its own.
The only issue I had was with the telescoping handle.  It would reliably lock only in the retracted and fully-extended positions.  By the time I figured out how to make it lock in my preferred intermediate position, I was already home.Wonderful. Warm, soft, lovely. I will buy more.
Arrived on time- no problems40% Polyester, 35% Acrylic, 11% Nylon, 10% Merino Wool, 3% Other Fibers, 1% Spandex. Very comfortable. WARM. Perfect for this damp cold winter weather. I would say perfect for anywhere under 40 degrees Fahrenheit. Fast dry, quick wicking. Arch support and contoured fit keeps the sock in place to reduce slipping and bunching. Soft, cushioned sole makes for extra shock absorbtion.
Made in US
Machine WashGood buy and is comfortableThe shoes I received were actually much darker than in the picture, which was a disappointment because I was specifically looking for more of a tan colored shoe. Having said that, I have decided to keep them because they look nice and are comfortable.Great product for the price. Works well and easy to use. Already loaned it out several times and every one likes it.Bought these for a trip to Ireland and also needed a new pair of hiking shoes.  I wore them on the plane instead of packing in my carry on.  Had to walk quite a bit to my destination and my feet felt great at the end of the day.  Encountered a brief rain and feet stayed dry when walking in puddles.  Did not have intense hiking but the terrain I encountered was a good sampling of the comfort of the shoe and security on the type of ground I was walking.  I like that they don't look like hiking shoes, they fit as expected in the size I bought.  The cut around my ankle bone is a little uncomfortable at times but find this to be so with other shoes so it is me, not the shoe.  Happy with my purchase of the Ainu Women's Montara II Waterproof Hiking Shoe.BeatifulThanksThey were perfect. Will order another  pair soon. This pair cloth material the next will be leather .  Like the choice you have in colorsI love these shoes they fit perfect and are very comfortable.. Love the colors.Toe box crunches my toes, but the next size up would've been too big.  Good looking shoe with lots of support.Too large, but comfy as usual for Reefs.Just as it was advertisedThis 4-in-1 Fleece Neck Warmer by Tough Headwear is definitely a necessity this winter. It has 4 different ways you can wear it; on head as a hat, headband style to keep ears warm, around neck for a warmer & as a mask to cover lower face. I'm sure you can come up with other ways it could come in handy for you. It is very soft, reversible, wind resistant, & also stretchy to fit over any size head/neck. It is made of 100 % polyester, so you can machine wash & it quickly dries with no heat needed. I received this item at a discount for my honest, unbiased review.love these shoes....but as always...converse isn't big on arch support. Still love them though....come back to buy moreI love it!Great fit and stylishVery cool mask but a little tight from the nose and chin. Can be fixed though!! And its good for the price!will be reordering again, for sureToo long for me @ 55.perfect !Because of the reviews I expected this turtleneck to be fitted.  I would never wear it by itself, but is perfect for under sweaters.  Also, love that the neck is high, but could be a bit more fitted.i got tired of replacing socks allthedamntime. I decided to give this a whirl and see how a higher-end sock would work.

i absolutely LOVE these socks. They are about twice as thick (or more) than your ordinary athletic sock. are super durable and warm too.
these will definitely be in my sock drawer going forward.I'm in love with this handbag, the color is fabulous so rich exactly the same as the picture. The bag is big it has 3 compartments inside my husband really liked it and said it looks so elegant and classy. The materials are very good, the handels well attached every thing is nice in this product even the little lock and the key. So thank you for making such good and beautiful product and keep up the good work. I was wondering if you carry a style that resembles a medical bag, because I love that style also. The only thing I want you to improve is the description of the shipping weight in the Amazon Website because it reads 1 pound but this is a large bag and the shipping box is kind of large at least as 5 pounds, the reason is that I'm located outside the US so I have to calculate the shipping fees to El Salvador and the taxes and if the information isn`t accurate I can't estimate the real cost for me.  Best regards.Nice but thought it was going to be a lot bigger. Definitely will not be able to put diapers and wipes in the bagI'm really a New Balance fan. I have been for years and this product is well worth the money.Best sox anywhereperfect but the cover was broken i had to glue the screws in.excellentverysatisfiedBeautiful. Just as hoped for. Very happyDaughter was happy with them and they're not ugly like the canvas ones.The item arrived early which is wonderful. The reason I gave 4 starts is because the necklace is pretty but dainty. I will see how it where's as time goes on...and updateElastic at bottom is quite loose and sizing run big (I usually wear a small but an extra small is needed in this product ) but I love the sweatshirt nonetheless! Gray color is just as I had hoped it would. Fabric is nice and not heavy, which matches the description.They fit well and I like them.  They are comfortable, and appear to be durable.Fantastic fit. Very flattering.those are real good pair of timberland boat shoes at great price I'm enjoying now and great service by amazon on time for my birthdayI really like this dress, well its a bit big bit its fine.  The material is quite good. Thats all.I wore my original pair for 11 years, walking my dog every day in them during the season.  The soles finally lost their traction, which is why I set out on a quest to find them again.  I searched and searched online for weeks, to no avail.  I could not find them.  I tried ordering another brand, hoping the sandals would be similar.  They were not--really not suited for dog-walking--although I kept them for other purposes.  Then one day, the Toachi 2 sandal just popped up on Amazon, much to my delight.  I ordered them immediately.  My dog-walking feet are sooooo happy again!Bought these for my daughter, a medical technician who is on her feet all day in a hospital ER, and she loves them.  She has tried Dansko, but Sanita styles fit her foot more comfortably.Thank youGREAT BOOTSI love this little dress. I bought it to wear in the hot tub. It's very stretchy. I'm 5/10 145 lbs.Very warm - great, large pockets - very nice zipper/buttons allow for for many stages between wide open and full closure - I have only worn it a few times, but so far so good!Absolutelty lovely! Delicate sheer fabric with vibrant colors. I wanted a pure silk scarf for summer wear and this is perfect.product was good but the size seems to be bit smallI wear these shoes with an assortment of outfits and they match all looks with ease.

Dressed up or dressed down, you're going to look great wearing these.Love the colors ,bigger then I expectedGorgeous outfit. I bought it for my nephew and I loved it. The color combinations is perfect.This was purchased as a Christmas gift for a very dear friend of mine...she loves it!  Thank you!  :)I love these boots!! the shipment was really fastI'm wearing this sweater right now, I'm all about it. Fit's hella comf. Ain't got no worries sheeeeeet.

I would however argue that the hood on this sweater is a tad tight. I'm more accustomed to floppy jedi hoods.First off I was surprised to find this costume came from Leg Avenue, I have worked in many a Halloween store and own my share of leg avenue costumes, all of which I have to wear a slip or tights with because they are just so darn short. This one is the perfect length and drapes well without touching the ground. I am 5'6" The slits in the front of the dress come up to about 1.5" from the top of my thighs. It's pretty sexy without going over the top.
The material is light and breezy but sewn well, and I've had no problem with tearing thus far, the color is almost exactly as shown in the photo.
I am a DD breast size so I made sure to order a size up as per the suggestion in the previous review. The dress fits well in the bust but is a little loose around the waste, so I am going to wear it with a leather underbust half corset to give it a little curve appeal.
Speaking of busts, make sure to note that there is a large o-ring gathering the fabric in the center that can be easily missed when looking at the picture. So there is a big hole right in the middle of your your *ahem* dirty dirigibles. I had to try it on with a bunch of different bras to find one that wouldn't show. Also, if you are thinking of using garment tape, think again this fabric doesn't hide tape very well.
The vinyl gauntlets, headband and harness are about the quality you would expect from any pre-made Halloween costume, the harness itself is a little big, but again, I ordered a size up.
Overall I'm pretty happy with my purchase, the dress itself can easily accessorized for a verity of different Halloween or cosplay options, I may even end up wearing it at the beach just for the heck of it.
Hope this review helps!The previous belt was bought about a year ago and I've bought it again. It looks nice first few months, then gradually starts showing cracks around the holes. After a year it's still functional but not pretty.

I figured $16/year for belt isn't a big deal, so I stick with it.Weird Material but they fit like I thought they would. Arrived on time.Comfortable and stylishI go in the pool around three times a week and the suit is already wearing thin from the chlorine after a few months of use.Great productIs what I expectedI never really was a Levis sort of guy, but I do like these jeans. I probably will purchase more.I am very busty and regular sport bras don't work for me. I found some that fit, but I might as well wear a regular bra. So I ordered this one to try out and it's great! No slipping and the best is that you can adjust the support to fir your workout. Gotta try this one!Decent feel, fit and quality. I cut off the silly, useless faux cords on the side of the legs and wish they had a couple of extra loops for the belt, but overall satisfied.Great quality. Wish it was largerIt is a really nice coat in that the color and style is in trend and the price is nice. But our hat & scarf do not match. One is considerably darker than the other! The hat and scarf arrive ATTACHED to the coat by plastic tags. The hat and scarf are heavy and PULL on the coat while attached. So they leave holes in the coat. As the coat is made of nylon. The worst thing that bothers us is that the way they have attached the plastic tags is so poor that when you cut the hat and scarf free from the coat one end of the plastic tags remain INSIDE your childs coat. The manufacturer needs to think things through before shipping!!!THE MEN'S BRIEF FIT WELL....  THANKS...Really like these shoes.  They are very comfortable and I get complements on them.It's really goodThey arrived sooner than projected. Slip on easily and do exactly what they were advertised doing. I keep these in one vehicle, and the pair that slips over my entire pair of glasses in the other vehicle.Very well made. Super comfortable. Love them.I am happygreat but too short and none available longerBeautiful jacket love the style.  Ordered a large in this. Normally wear a medium in US. Fit is perfect.  Material is soft and lining is stylish.  Worn it twice and got several compliments.  Arrived quickly without issues.Good shoesComfy scrub bottoms.Feels good, looks good. That being said I've only had it for one week so I can't speak on durability just yet. But so far I love it, adjusting it can be a bit annoying though since the upper part doesn't really sit where it belongs properly. Other Than that it's a nice necklace that receives its fair share of compliments.Nice looking sneaker. Seems to be well made but a little narrow and about half a size smaller than most.It was for my daughter,  she says it is good quality. And she loves the color.I like the shoes so much i'm keeping them, they are very narrow no matter what size, I wear a 6, tried on a seven and they were very narrow, but really cute.Great fit was just what I expected. Love it, the only thing is the color isn't what I thought. Other than that it is a great dress.Somewhat small.Once again Amazon these earrings are a great match for my green amethyst rings I recently purchased. Lovely pale
green and this colour goes with so many pieces of my wardrobe.The size runs a little bit too smallReally good shoes fit me perfectly I didn't know if they ran big our small so I just ordered them my size and they fit perfectlyI like the shine better than the brown or Black colored ones. you can use shine on any colored leather. whether black or brown it works on all. i even use it on my belts some time. totally recommended.Ive never worn this brand before, but I really liked the design of the shoe, so purchased a pair. They are actually very comfortable and breathable so that my feet don't sweat a ton.This product fits neat and looks goodi like it .I have received many compliments on the shoes.  Sharp looking classic style with modern accents.  Not the most comfortable shoe. Going to take a while to break these in.Not really firm enough for what I wanted, which is for riding. Trotting makes things kind of bounce out, eventually. A larger size would prevent this, I think, but it would still not be quite firm enough. I ride an ex race horse and his trot is exuberant, to say the least.I'm just sad it's currently too cold to wear these. I can't wait for warmer weather so I can break these back out of my closet. They are extremely heavy, however; so beware if you can't balance on clunkier shoes.My wife bought this for me for Christmas.  Great coat that is comfortable and well made.  I like the design of the chest pocket for additional storage.  Please note that while it is a warm coat, it is definitely not wind proof.  However, I don't think they make that claim.Really cute and great price, material is just super thin though.Great shirt love it.Long trousersWe'll be coming up on our 1-year anniversary soon.  The ring didn't make it. My husband is very careful with the ring, and removes it to do any labor intensive job he may have around the house.  It nevertheless has shattered and a significant portion of the inlay is missing now.

I ordered the same ring to replace it (glutton for punishment I guess) because it really is a nice-looking ring.  Received the replacement today, and I think I like the color variation on this one even better.  $99 is a small price to pay for a ring he enjoys wearing, so I will continue to replace it as it shatters, or until he wants to try on something else that is perhaps a little more sturdy.

It FEELS very sturdy, but it isn't.  Unfortunately, this ring won't last.Love these now that I've figured out to buy NARROW and a size down. I wear a size 7 shoe, but in Birks I buy a 36 narrow, perfect.niceThese are nice shoes, they are comfortable but feel a bit small for the size I ordered.PerfectThese are just like great big T-shirts.  My husband is grateful that I'm no longer stealing his to wear for pajamas.  I bought two of these in different colors, absolutely love the way one fits, it goes down to my knees the other I guess was cut on a different grain or something, it is shorter and wider if that makes any sense.  I wear them both just prefer the one that is longer, wish they both fit the same.  Also... if you're worried about looking sexy in lingerie before bed... pass this one up, purely comfort lounging.  :)I am a seamstress and my teenage daughter is a welder.  She loved the shirt!GoodLOVE it!!Color is much more brighter than the photo. More vivid orange than coral.Nice shirt but too smallComfortable shoesThese fit well mostly but are a bit small at the thigh part so they don't stay up well at all. Disappointed as i love the "Alice in Wonderland" vibe these give.It's comfortable and I love the way it looksYou can wear these shoes with anything!!  I will be wearing these shoes all summer long...The calf hair on this particular shoe looks scruffy fast though....Fit was good, even while wearing the mask.Out of the box, I really, really like this swimsuit.

Pros:

-- The fabric is very nice and it is very nicely sewn. This is not Cheap Chinese Crap!
-- The shorts are lined in the front.
-- I have thunder thighs, and I felt like the short bottoms didn't cut into my legs too much, but they did stay in place.
-- The bra cups come out!
-- it comes with a GREAT travel bag. As I was purchaseing this for travel, I was really happy to get a bag that I felt I could use if I had to pack it while it was still damp.

Cons:

-- The back on the shorts is a two piece back, so you have a seam running up the center. I find this uncomfortable, but if you throw on a pair of nylon panties, you can't feel it.
-- The skirt fabric is a bit heavy.Very thick, nice quality,  they run big, small fits more like a medium, other than that I love them. Very warmThia dress fits me very well I'm 5'6", 165 lbs, and pregnant. The fabric feels kind of cheap, but the overall look and comfort is nice. The top is a jersey fabric and has a lot of give. I may add a little stich to keep the top from opening too much!Nice watch amazing colorSo far very nice shoes seems to be very well made and comfortable.Wow, what a steal for a genuine leather wallet. I've had a couple of nicer "high" end wallets and this one is fairly comparable and at a fraction of the cost! It's a tad large for my tastes, but that's such a little thing to gripe about when you get a very nice item at this price. Well worth the money.It's okThe watch is very good, not too complicated and it rings loud enough to hear. A++They fit perfectly and were of good quality!Great bra, nice fit and comfortableI really wanted the off-white but they were unavailable.  The safron color actually might be better as it goes with most things and it has personality.  The shoes fit great and are very comfortable.Cute. Wore them for college graduation but not over 4 hours. I'm not a heal person but could tolerate them long enough for the need.Got these for dad for Christmas. He LOVES them. Warm and toasty toes for dad! Hooray. The no slip bottom is a great feature too.Great watches although band is only good for maybe 2 years based on past experience. The band on this one is a little tight & I'm not a big guy.Jus rite for the beach!Enjoyed wearing this shirtThe watch arrived when they said it would. The time and my local surf spot was already programmed. I had one of these watches a for over a year without any issues. My leash wrapped around my arm and pulled it off. I had a couple of Nixon low tide watche (piece of junks). These freestyle watches are dependable.I love this - it's something my husband can dress the baby in and I don't have to worry about the baby showing up to a get together in a brown and blue striped onsie and camo pants (yeah, that happened). It's good quality, the size fits well. The only thing I didn't like is that the pant legs are a bit shorter than I would have liked, but that's just me being picky. No one looking at him would think twice.Shoe Anew did a first-rate cleaning job. I'm glad I got the packet of cleaner/brush/polishing cloth; The trio did a first rate cleaning job.Awesome hat.  Fits great-looks good-very durable.Very goodNice colorsThese are wonderful!!really pretty color.  Fits pretty well but has some funky pleats in the front just below the waist that don't want to lay flat.  Might be able to iron them down.  I am a size 12 and ordered a large.  Don't love it enough to buy one in every color.  Will probably wear this for the forth of July.Though these were too large for the heels that I intended them for, it was more on my end then the manufacturers. I didn't realize how small the heels really were. However, I did need this size for another pair that I had so no worries.always a great choiceVery happy with this watch, very functional and comes across as nice piece of jewelry a real dress watchThe shoes came as I wanted. looks amazing as in the picture. Nice white and really good shade of black really made it pop. only issue is that the show was a weeeebit too small, it cna be worn I do alot just that my toes slitly press agasinst the end of the shoeThese gloves are nice for fall but won't be warm enough for Iowa winters.  Nice and soft and a pretty color.I really like these bras.  I have several colors.  This is the only one I have with the stones on the front.  The stones look cheap (of course!) and if I were you, I would just stick to the solid colors. These bras are great for cleavage cover and to accomodate tops and dresses that you can't wear with regular bra straps.Fits my 6 year old perfect!! Love the lighting up center! My son loves it, the mask isn't too tight either it's perfectGreat shirt, good fit. Nice and soft fabricNot sure why I expected it to be a little smaller, I'm just not used to trucker hats. Fits perfectly well though, just a little bigger than I had thought.Good shoes. Fit correctly.I really like these earrings but I wish that the posts were longer -- the person who pierced my ears told me that the post shouldn't ever press against your ear because it will stretch the holes out (and they are almost pressing against my ear). They were a great price, though, so it's not a big deal. I'll still wear them!If it is elastic, it will be perfect.A wonderful watch with great detail. It is a little bit heavy, the only reason it did not receive a 5.Came in great condition and is a really nice quality as well....only down side is it doesn't have a zip at the top to securely close the bagNice tennis shoes but they're too small for my son were sending them back no problem though good customer serviceVery cute and comfortable, fit well, but already have holes in them and I have not even had them for a full year yet.Hand wash only. Beautiful, comfy yet dressy cover up.Just the shoe I needed to work outside all day.The colors are wonderful.Really cute.  Only complaint is that the pinky toe area rubs a little, but wear them with socks (i know i know) or for a short while and you're fine.Very good product ,just narrow for my footThese shoes are really nice, classy and comfortable.  I love Luichiny shoes.I know dimensions were given, but I didn't think that was the overall from top to bottom length - it is. These are half the size I thought they were going to be, but they're so beautiful I'm keeping them. I love them, in fact. Let me know when you make a 2 inch version of these, and I'll happily buy those, too!Shirt fits well, has good color, and is a thin fabric suitable for warmer climates.This shoe is nice but I did not like the "long toe " on my foot (10). It made my feet look huge . However others may like . I just didn't like for me. I noticed this before ordering but tried them .I like it, I love itI love itGreat invisible sock!!!16 year old son loves theseI should've gotten an xl. Although, its quite snug on my chest, I can still wear it. I got size large and it fits fine. Arrived in 3 days.I ordered one size up from what I normally wear, and they have enough room for some heavy socks.  They are very nice and warm!LOOKS GREAT ON HER....just as the pictures, great purchase for the priceI like them very much although I didn't estimate the size very well and they are somewhat small. Despite that i love themGreat color and feels nice. A little gapping in the chest, but other than that it fits well.Awesome boots. I have a pair from 14 years ago that finally wore out. Can't wait to get these on my feet. The new colors are wonderful!I read that this product came in a little small so order a size bigger. By doing that it fit perfect!I love it. that is all.  Bit smaller than what I expected, but still a wonderful gift for a friend.Love itThis is my fourth pair of Timberland Endurance work boots.  I am sure I will buy them again.  The Amazon price is so much better than anywhere else I have seen them.  While nothing is comfortable after 8 hours on your feet, these are better than most boots I have worn including even other Timberland footwear.  I usually wear holes in my insole in 6 months, but when I threw out my last pair after a year, the insole was not worn through.Really cute and the girls loved them!When it comes to ordering clothes online, I have learned to read the reviews.  The majority of the reviews already posted commented that the shirt ran small so I ordered a size larger than normal and the fit is fine.  The shirt is comfortable, works for both casual and business casual, and will be my Fall go-to shirt.  I plan on ordering it in a couple of other colors.Surprisingly comfortable.Like most of the other reviews, they sent a size bigger which did work out for me. I expected it to be a little more thicker but with a hoody underneath, it seems to work out fine. I'm in MN too so winter's here are a little rougher than anywhere else in the country.Love the socks came in my team colorsMy grand daughter absolutely adores this. It is very nice quality.
for the price.Great shoes great serviceand these are no exception. Wide width, water resistant, great for walking the dog. I had a similar pair from LL Bean that lasted for years, and which they no longer sell. They may have been made for LL Bean by Clarks, the style is so similar.The seams rub my toes a little bit.  They were also a little tight across the bridge of my foot, but they are stretching out.  I'm sure after a few wearings, they will be very comfortable.I didn't realize it had so may zippers on the outside. The color contrast looked darker in the add. Overall, it seems like a quality bag. It was just different than I had expected.Fit is great! The leather is super stiff so it's hard to do the buckles, but I'm assuming it will soften up over timeI bought this for my husband and he loves it! Other hats were too hot or didn't keep their shape. People always ask where he got it. Update 4/3/18, just purchased 3rd. Not because it doesn't hold up, but because my husband wears one for work, which got filthy and I could no longer clean it, and he keeps one nice for outings. I hope they never stop making this hat! Beware of which seller (JingHuiGuang) to buy from because the one named offered too good a price to turn down, and then never delivered.  Fox Trading Co was reasonably priced, and it was delivered in just 2 days.Love them....Adorable!I got this watch yesterday I love it every minute
Is great to get it for yourself or to get it for someone for a giftFit perfect I love them. Light and easy on the feet.delivered a week early I love the dressI needed a nice pair of white gym shoes that would not be heavy or look big on my feet & these Chuck Taylor Converse fit the bill!  I received compliments on them the very first time I wore them!  I'm glad I decided to purchase them; I'm completely satisfied!  I wear an 8 & the fit is just right with no socks or with no show socks!no under-wires, fits well, does the job, comfy, only have had items one week, but work quite well, would recommendThis tank is comfy. Can be dressed up or down. I don't need to wear a bra since one is built in- yay!
It makes breast feeding easy :)Great shoes at a very good price.The medal I received it was more beautiful than the picture, it came from Israel.  It is a beautiful piece of jewelry that I gave my son as a gift and he loves itThis is a very comfortable flip-flop, nice height, stylish looking, good for any summer dress/skirt. I can walk my puppy around city blocks without my feet hurting. I would definitely recommend.I am 6'3, lean and athletic. I purchased a small and it fit perfectly the the back length longer as expected. I prefer my shirts to have a muscle slim fit and the size was perfect. I just hope more colors will become available.This is such a pretty charm!  It sparkles and shines so nicely!It was exactly what I expected:  a decent re-pop of the M-51 engineer's bag, made from heavy cotton canvas.  Perfect size for my needs: mostly hauling documents, small tools and bits-n-bobs to work.  Plenty of pouches for me to keep organized, and far more room than I typically need, so I am not caught unawares when I suddenly need more room.  Since some have complained about durability issues, I will update after more prolonged use.My daughter loves this belt.This item arrived on time and it was exactly as shown. We were able to use it for a special Christmas song. Many people noticed it and liked it. Thanks for a great experience.Works great,takes a fue min. To git use to it.wear it every day to the gun range.Not for pool parties. Fits nice in the bust, straps are a little loose but I expected that. Nothing that 15 minutes of easy stitching can't fix. Bottoms are tight though, the straps make little skin pooches. Again, not a swimsuit I'd wear out in public but very fun and unique.My wife loved this watch. It is beautiful, never needs a battery because the solar face charges it, Seiko is one of the best quality watch makers, but the band would have fit on her upper arm it was so big. We had to spend $10 at a mall repair booth to have several segments removed. Otherwise it is a 5 star watch.thanksrun small but fit.Back of sock falls down my heel which is a little annoying. Nice cushion on bottom of sock which will also take up room in your shoe.Soooo comfortable.  Love them.What I liked most was the fast delivery and the availability of the color.  What I liked least was the cost.  My other product source offered a much lower price, but the color I wanted was not available and their delivery take much longer.I like that this product helps improve my posture, and helps make my waist look more shapely in the right areas. I followed the sizing chart provided by the company, NOT amazon's size chart, and then followed the reviews that suggested to order one size smaller than the size chart provided. And it fits very snug, but not too small. Just how I wanted it to fit. The only complaint I have is that I wish it was a little longer, because I have a longer torso. Other than that I am very happy with my purchase! :)Beautiful colors and very nice quality.They work fine.  Holds money, wish i had more for them to hold.They fit like the picture shows, but, I did not like the way they looked on me, so I returned them.  The material is very nice and I really didn't want to send them back.I like its durability but it could be biggerVery nice I got this for my dad for his 55th  birthday and he loved it thanks so much for a beautiful ring !!!!By far my favorite shoe. Great for dancing, and comfortable for any occasion.It fit great and the color was true to what I saw online. It was for a specific cosplay so the color had to be right. Wore it all day walking around and it didn't feel too heavy. Pleased very overall.I ordered this bag to be brought overseas TO me with my sister. I'll review later and let you know how the bag holds up. The only unfortunate part so far is that I ordered it with a very small window of time and I myself wasn't able to check the order. I ordered red, but was given black! I'm grateful that whoever fulfilled the order at least gave me the right size, because I don't care as much about color. But thought buyers would want to know this information.I was looking for some pink pearls and came across these they have a nice soft mixture of pink and ivory ,some light beige ,can be knotted or doubledLove this shoe!!!  I have another pair that I have almost worn out!!!  That's the reason for this latest purchase.  I also have so many other Merrells and they are wonderful!!!!Excellent product!After reading all of the horrible reviews on this product I knew it couldn't be as bad as everyone was saying it was. I ordered the size according to the measurements GIVEN instead of the S M L XL standard. I even accommodated for the sleeves being a little short, ordering another size up (because I like my sleeves long). I read a review about the inline of the sleeves coming out? There are buttons on the inside of the sleeve in order to hold the inline in, as I expected. It shipped in wonderful timing and it fit perfectly. Another note: this is a LADY'S SLIM WARM COAT. I do not suggest ordering this if you're on the rounder side. This product has no secrets. All of the information is out there. People who write bad reviews just need to READ MORE CAREFULLY.I needed to avoid the incision from hip replacement surgery and these worked wellLove these leggings!  They look great!NiceGreat comfortable (both foot-wise and $-wise) golf shoes.  I even wear them out when I haven't played golf!Nice fitI fell the waist size is a little large,but maybe belong to I am an Asian,the size different to the America.The pants fit as expected.  I bought one size bigger jus in case and they fit perfect. The pants are very comfortable. The only downside was the color I chose only came in 32L. But I really liked them so I got them.Very nice union suit design. A bit narrow, but the length makes up for thatThis color matches my ocean blue eyes perfectly!
They are quite a bit bigger than I expected. (I posted a photo to show size and clarity.) They are very vibrant and shiny and the cut is very appealing.
My only wish is that I had more of these and in other colors too, perhaps!Thank uCute! Fits good. Washed it and it came out just a little messy but not a huge deal if you iron it outIt looks great, just like the picture. Not quite enough room for all my stuff, but great to go out on the town with. The threading seemed to be pulling a bit at the corners, but I suspect I had the bag too full. Really cute bag though. Glad I got it!Sole has less cushion than I like but new insoles will fix that. Wore in the snow and ran a snow machine around for an hour with regular socks on and my feet were cool I expect that with thicker socks they will stay warmer.These are soo soft! However, the Large indigo pair I ordered came with a 30 3/4" inseam - highwaters! I am hoping the Tall Large will come back in stock in indigo! I need a 31.5" inseam. I ordered the tall size M which actually fit pretty well but has a 35" inseam! I will have to hem these, but at least they aren't too short! For some reason the pair of tall M fits looser than the pajamajeans capri size M I had tried. I think sizing is inconsistent, but I love their fabric!The fit is a little stiff at first but after an hour or so they molded to the top of my foot for a nice snug fit.  I wore them for most of the summer without any durability or comfort issues.This was perfect for my sister's wedding!  My son ended up wearing it the entire reception.  My only complaint was that the shirt was short. It was too short to tuck in. So it looked weird with just the vest over shirt.I am not a child but an adult and always have had a hard time holding onto a pen or pencil to write, there are no good tools writing or otherwise that truly work for left handed people.  I love this pencil I also have a Stabilo pen. they are the only writing tools I now use I have stopped dropping pens/pencils at work I can actually hold onto it. They are made extremely well. I'm not sure why they gear it towards children adults need something to write with too.These are comfortable and a flattering fit!  The price was much better than Victorias Secret. I'm glad I bought themBends to fit easily to fit the face. But it does have a rusty smell to it after wearing it for the first time.I like this shoes with the good feelings while running!These are big for my wifes ears.I love them--- too wide so my foot slips forward and that is a problem.Haven't tried it on yet, but it came earlier than expected. Also the material is really nice.Cute key ring--one side has a smiling Cheshire Cat face and the other side has a sneaky-looking Cheshire Cat face. A must-have for Alice in Wonderland lovers.  You should be able to easily find your keys in your purse since the key ring is a fairly good size.Great sweat shirt, but was a little smaller than expected!!Slightly less heavy/thick than I'd expected, but overall, this is a very unusual looking pendant, and of a size that makes it a statement piece. Will probably buy again, for friends and such.My 11-year old son loves these joggers! They are worth the price in so many ways. The knees and thigh areas are reinforced and the size fits as expected! They are a little more dressier than the typical sweat pant! We live them and will be buying more in the near future!I loved my purchase! The quality was beautiful and very durable. Just had to exchange it for a smaller size... my fianc&eacute; can't wait to get it back!I absolutely looovvvveee this romper!!! I've worn it literally every night for 4 days straight. It's great quality and fits true to size. Personally it fits me just like the girl in the advertisement. I'm ordering every color!my kids love them. really well made for the price point. impressed.I bought this as a gift for a female volunteer firefighter.  She loves it.  I'm very pleased.  Good price and seems to be good quality!I had this watch previously. It's very good if you want more schedules rather than a lot of phone numbers. You can do both. But, it gives you the choice of substituting the reminders instead of the telephone nuumbers.Love my new ram hat.This dress fit GREAT!! I'm 6' size 14 On the thick side i purchased an XL And its perfect NO complaints can't wait for another occasion to order:)Is perfect for use on luggage.This is brightly colored and flowy. I'm very happy with it. I probably should have opted for an XL instead of the 1X, or whatever, because it is a bit large. But, with the fall and layers, it works fine.The previous pair I bought fits me better.  That is why I ordered more.  Not displeased, just making an observation.  It is difficult for me to find clothes to fit me comfortably.Husband absolutely loves his new robe! The length is perfect and he says it is very comfortable. A great lighter weight robe.These are great shoes! They fit my little girl perfectly and seem very comfortable. They are her new water/playing outside shoes for the summer. I'm not a huge fan of the color (brown) but that color was on sale and they're mainly going to get mucky anyway ;-)Let's not act brand new to Asian sizes. Buy 2 sizes above your normal size for this.
The lace is stiff and white fabric isn't cotton bit more of a polyester. ... a few washes will loosen it right up. The main concern is how sheer this is. The white fabric may as well be lace.
I'm not concerned about this though. Nice shirt for those horribly hot summer days
If you are crafty, simply sew a white fabric behind the front white piece and you'll be setI really like these shoes; similar to Merrell but a bit heavier.  Good cushioning .  I think that it isn't great for my knee problem but seems to be comfortable otherwise.  Good coverage for the right of the foot and covers from the bottom of the little toe down a few inches.  MInd you I am 68 with foot and knee issues.  So I am looking for not looks so much (the are cute though:) as much as comfort and durability.  These have that!liked itI wear this watch almost everyday in the office as it complements my attire.It was a little longer in the back then I expected but it worksDaughter loved itComfortable and, above all, dependable with very strong clips.Good productI purchased this penguin backpack for my daughter on her 1st birthday. We have gotten many compliments on how cute it is. The backpack is the perfect size for her and she's so proud of her "big girl" backpack. It holds a lot and is very sturdy so we plan on using for years to come. We purchased the dog Skip Hop backpack for my son who is now three, he loved the backpack and wore it up until he became interested in super heroes. It has held up very well though. I love the detail (the penguin has a fish zipper, the dog has a bone zipper) and quality of the Skip Hop product line.worked greatSimply love it!  The colors are pretty and plenty of room for my stuff.  I have received numerous compliments already!I like these shirts.  They seem to get softer with each wash.  They do shrink a bit...5'10, 190lbs - XL fits great for me.  Beware though, this is not your heavy cotton shirt which is a plus for me.Great comfortable sneakers BUT! NOT GOOD 4 A WIDE FOOT. I Suggest if u have a wide foot to purchase a whole size BiGGeRPretty surprised with the quality of this band. It's pretty nice, has a good amount of weight to it. With the right tool, which it comes with, it's very simple to install. I have a pebble 1st gen. Great watch band.Hanes is in my opinion the best company at making good quality cheap underwear type garments. I don't want to spend a lot of money on things like socks. I just want them to fit well and be comfortable. These socks achieve these simple goals.very good shoes,I like it!This fits me perfectly. I'm a size 14 gal, not tight at all! The length is perfect. And it's doing it's job of holding things and keeping my clothing protectedKind of overpriced, but it's cuteMy wife loves themBest of the best sir !MY FAVORITE CARHARTT BELT! Own this in brown and black. Love, love, love!Great delivery time. Product was perfectIt's a excellent and beauty product. I like the product anytime, I recomended this because is really what I was expecting to receiveexecelente producto muy buena calidad, el pantalon vino en un excelente empaque y llego super rapido deverdad no tengo quejas lo recomiendoWearing them around the apartment so far they feel great.  I had a couple pairs of Chacos which is the only thing I can compare these to.  So far I like them better because of the heel cup, but I don't notice a measurable difference in arch support over the Chacos.  I'm going on vacation tomorrow and will have a chance to wear them on the beach for a week, so I'll update after I return.

UPDATE:  Returning these.  After only one day of actual wear at the resort (and I didn't even wear them in the sand) I have blisters on the tops of both feet that make them intolerably painful to wear.  The blister on my left foot is so big and raw that I'm wearing a bandaid to keep from getting blood stains on my sheets.  Big disappointment because the fit of the arch and the heel cup are great, but not at this painful expense.

UPDATE #2:  I contacted the manufacturer before returning them.  They said that I should try stretching the strap by hold firmly to both sides (so as not to rip them off the platform) and firmly stretch.  So I gave it a shot and sure enough, they fit great now.  No more rubbing or chafing.  It took nearly two weeks for the flesh that was rubbed raw to heel, so that was a painful lesson.  Just be aware that out of the box these could cause you problems.  If it feels like they might cause a blister, try the strap stretching technique.  Just be careful to hold tightly to the sides of the strap so you don't damage the insertion point of the strap/platform connection because then you won't be able to return them.I love the feature for quick timers on the top of this watch and got it because I wanted something cheap, reliable, and easy hour chime. My hearing has got so bad that I couldn't hear the chimes at first, especially the timer ones, when they went off. But I've become more sensitive to it after a little while. If you have high frequencies hearing loss this watch may not be what you are looking for, however for a real wake up alarm you should always use two alarms anyway, and you should pick something louder than this. I believe I did use it years ago for that function though when my hearing was better. I like the stop watch on this better than my sports watch, too so I prefer to use this one for certain functions.This an excellent watch, I've had it for a few weeks now and can't think of a single complaint. I've worn it to the gym and gotten it all sweaty and worn it in the shower and this watch definitely water resistant! If you're looking for a durable yet good looking watch, I highly suggest the Armitron Sports watch!Not much arch support. -otherwise okBeatiful pantsit does just what it promisesI'm a true size 6 1/2 and I have narrow feet. After reading the reviews, I bought the size 6 & it fits excellent. Very comfortable shoes. No need breaking in. :)All look ooookay.....it's my fault. I just did not realize how big and chunky this necklace is. It's quite heavy and looks well made for the price. The company made a decent piece, but it just doesn't suit my needs, unfortunately. And I am the kind of person who likes pops of color and chunky looking jewelry but this just seemed overpowering. I'll keep it bc it was priced well and hope that I'll learn to love it ;) but just use this as a warning to check measurements before you buy!Love itOK.The color  and it fit as i expectedVery comfortable. Will fit almost any size. Attached waist tie will allow you to make these as tight or loose as you like.  Waist can be folded over or rolled under to fit your fashion desire.  Nice fabric with pleasurable texture too. Great colors.  Great product at a great price!Love it! no regrets! #TrueBlood fan 4eva!He liked the shirt and the color is great. Quality Is good, heavy but not bulky. he loves wrangler but I like the style. Modern look.I usually don't order shorts online but I took a chance with this one and I'm very pleased with the purchase. The fabric is thick enough, and the zippers and buttons feel sturdy. The quality of the item is superb for the price. My waist size is approximately 27" and I ordered small in the black and khaki and they both fit perfectly.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Emmalise-Women-s-Summer-Casual-Stretchy-Shorts-Black-Khaki-2Pk-Small/dp/B01N9Z2FQX/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Emmalise Women's Summer Casual Stretchy Shorts - Black Khaki 2Pk, Small</a>Got as a xmas gift and buddy loves it!Fits true to size. Comfortable. Great look.Very comfortable.It was a father's day gift to my husband and he loves it. He said its flexible and the material seems very reliable. Lots of space!I liked them.  The were perfect for the occasion. I wanted to be able to wear my wedding ring and gloves. I didn't have the problem that others spoke about with the white thread. However on one of the gloves I broke the middle finger string. That's why I gave a 4I love them will probably order moreThe cutest things ever, fit my 5 month old perfectly and l love how the little black bag you put them in says "my first sunglasses", now my baby can be the cutie in the pink glassesVery pretty & comfortable bra to wear but fits a little large- you may want to order one size smaller.  I have very sensitive nipples and I love shelf bras which keeps me excited all day long!Light and easy to set the size just remember that once the size is set you can only make it smaller.  Clasp is only so so but overall for a simple work watch I wanted it works great.Fits perfect. My man is a big man. I am very pleased with the way the XXL fits him. Ordered 3 more in different colors.These do exactly what I wanted. They create a great shine without removing coloring I want to keep. Definitely recommend.Exactly what I expected. Lightweight, breathable, comfortable, doesn't ride up during activity.Loved it my favorite bikini thanks :)This Hoodie is absolute beautiful!!  It's a little heaver than a regular hoodie, making it comfortable and warm.  The only thing is that they run small.  I am a true Medium (size 8-10) but I ordered a Large.  The large fits perfect.  Would definitely recommend purchasing this jacket.I didn't get my paper clip pig, but I do like the earrings.Great shoes, bought them to replace my older version of the same shoe. The pink is cute too but not obnoxious.Bought this for my wife. She loves it and wears it probably 4-5 days per week!
The links in the bracelets form X's and O's!
The X's are made of white gold and the O's are diamonds!
How cool is that!!I love it  I reminds  our my  boyfriend inAfghanistan he said to me everytime we email  GreatHad to spend very little on alterations! Almost perfect fit. Quality material too! Slightly leans more towards orange tones than peach tones if curious on color. Looks really nice!Love it.These pants fit me very well, very comfortableI love these! My favorite pair of swim diapers for my baby.This is a cool watch and i have honestly been asked multiple times where I got my name brand G-SHock haha. Good watch has fallen apart a few times but snapped back together.Good over the calf sock, fits well and stays up.Still has the classic flip flop noise, that irritates my my kids without the toe hold. Priceless! Also, warm and comfortable.  No socks!Great gift for the Tom Baker Whovians!These are comfortable and attractive.  I ordered a large and wear a 10 - 12 pant size which was perfect for me. I will probably order another pair as the price is right and they are a good basic pair of pants.I wear an 11.5 shoe in most makes. I bought everything from a 9.5 to a 12 in the chucks trying to find the right size. The 10 was just too small and the 11 was too big. My experience is one entire size down is the money spot. And if that is a 1/2 size for you , you will not find them in a local store to try one. Surprisingly comfortable as well.Great workman ship and qualityBought several sizes larger.  So, it does fit, but it's not as long as I was thinking it'd be.  It's a cute cardigan.A very truly pretty piece! The colors are bold and vibrant! (bought the wolf one and couldn't be happier! - I'd imagine the other designs look just as beautiful in person!)Really great quality, pleasantly surprised!These shoes are so comfortable! They look so elegant on .
I wore them to a wedding reception and have also wore them out to the nightclub with my boo.
They are well-made and the size fits perfect . The clasp is a little tricky ,but once you get it fastened I was able to just slip them on and off.
I read other peoples reviews and they said the similar thing. I cant wait to try the other colors they offer !!High quality, great look and feel.  Just disappointed have to order in a bigger size--but once you find your size these are a must have!My granddaughter loves this watch, she's a bling girl!Love themThis is a very nice shoe but it is on the narrow side. I wear a Medium size and this was too small. Other than that, it is perfect and I would recommend, especially if your feet are on the narrow side..my daughter loves 4 leaf clovers every time she sits down and look she will always find one, so this necklace make her really happy
its a beautiful pic of jewleryLove the New Balance brand vision and products! I have two pairs of these and I love them.My new husband absolutely loves this ring. I would buy it again if ever I needed too.The quality of the earrings was satisfactory. I would have liked them to be a bit heavier.Perfect. We have a seafood company, and it made a great gift for the teenagers.I bought the same Brown Taupe over a year ago and loved them then I bought a pair in Black a few months ago and was very disappointed.  The Brown Taupe is a different sneaker than the Black.  The Black has minimal padding and are very stiff the Brown Taupe is very padded and much more comfortable.  I don't know why in the same sneaker model there would be such a difference but the Brown Taupe is the way to go.  I just received a second pair of the Brown Taupe and the difference between the Black and Brown Taupe is considerable.  There is three times the padding around the heel area with the Brown Taupe.  Strange but true, color matters.HtanksGreat handbag, nice construction and organization . Many compliments. A little on the large side but quite nice!I bought a white one. I love it. It's soft and light. The only thing is that the sleeves are a little long for me, but it doesn't matter because I always roll up the sleeves on all my long-sleeve sweater/cardigans. I will most likely buy another one in another color.My 4 year old Dino obsessed sone LOVED this!!Nice bra. I don't really like that you can't adjust the straps but that's my fault for not reading the specs.When I first purchased these shoes I have to admit I was skeptical. There are so many imitation Jordans out there. I've done extensive research and compared the shoes side by side with the exact ones from Foot Locker. I asked the employees there if I could do this. These low top fives are completely authentic. On top of that they are very comfortable and easy to clean up due to being black. The transparent soles are red instead of clear which also makes them very easy to clean. (Yes I clean the bottoms of my shoes. ) If you purchased these you will not regret it.Very much like the photo. Really close to a "tiffany blue."Item as described.  Five year old very excited for Halloween to be Jack Sparrow at Disney Halloween Pary.  Recommend this item.Bought this for Iceland trip.  Great buy!Great shoe, fits greatNice ... not as heavy as I thought it would have been, however i wear it w/ a heavier chain and it compliments that chain well.Here's my wife's feedback on the product:
Cost wise, it's reasonable.. Material feels soft on skin.. For a 38C, XL should have provided full/decent coverage, but disappointed that cup size runs small... She likes that the product was delivered quickly..nice prints.. It comes with extra extension (if under bust feels tight) to loosen up a little bit if needed.. It has two press/push buttons in front (one on each cup) for lifting up the cup for breastfeeding.. Not sure how that will hold up with continuous use.. She did place an order for another one just in case buttons fall apart.. She took a point out for cup size and also for not having an opening to stuff nursing pad.. This means she has to buy nursing pads with stickers to stick it to the bra..Hope this review was helpful..Loved them. Good quality for the price and very cool design. Wore them to the movie and everyone stopped us to ask where we got them.These converse shoes are great. We find converses always run about 1/2 size larger than his regular street shoes. This is the 3rd pair of these I have bought and I'm sure I will buy again.greatGood! Size a but smallIt was beautiful and just what it looks like in pic.Great fit and quality for the price.Perfect fit and super comfortable!Finally a belt that fits my waist! Great qualityI still have this costume. Extremely good qualityBeautiful little box. Arrived in perfect condition.This bathing suit fits well. But it doesn't have a bra built in so it's alright in that area but a little awkward at the same time. Other than that I was impressed that the sizing charts were accurate and it fits my body perfectly even with all the curves that I have. Hope everyone's decision is made easier.Very cute and hip but slide off my feet easilySome of the most comfortable shoes ever.It's bigger and heavier than my Technomarines. I have 2 of them, one sporty and one more casual, but this Tissot is much heavier than both of them. For the kind of watch it is (leather starp) I thought it would be not this heavy. For the rest its beautiful.Love these! Even on the indoor track in my gym. My foot pain, leg pain, hip bag are all gone with these.I purchased this bag 3 years ago and have used it almost daily. The exterior finish has held up very well and hasn't changed in color or shown any scuffs or stains. I don't have much use for the pencil holder and find the pockets slightly too small to be useful for anything but thumb drives and other small items. Still this is the best messenger bag I have purchased and wouldn't hesitate to buy this item again.The sole is surprisingly quiet and the front portion of the sole makes climbing stairs easier than with tennis shoes.a timeless bracelet. love it very much. I going to buy more of them. The beats fits perfect to this bracelet.Very nice shirt and looks very nice.Very comfortableShoes are true to size, however they aren't a true deep navy as shown online. They're a lighter hue of blue.The fabric is comfortable and the color was dead on center to the displayed images.  It's been chilly where I live and these wraps have become indispensable additions to the wardrobe.  After a few practice rounds over a few days I was tying this article up within seconds before darting out the door.  Easily worn, the wrap layers warmly and the ladies have regularly complimented the look.  Good find and purchase, as I have already bought several more to fill out the coat rack in the closet.I love my fintie travel holder and the best part was how fast I received itI am 6''1' 260lbs and generally wear XL, this shirt fits me perfectly.They're SUPER cute - I love that there was an alternative to the basic black Converse.  Made them a little more girlie and feminine.  Fit is fine, no complaints.Excellent quality. Fit as expectedExactly as described. Love this product!the jury is still out....These boots look & fit as described. I wore them for the first time at a wedding that required walking up and down stone paved steps & grassy open areas. I was worried about navigating this terrain wearing this high of a heal, but found it not to be as difficult as I expected. The only complaint I have is that the foot bed could use some additional cushioning.I am 5 foot 10 and 155lbs and I ordered a large (I usually buy medium sized shirts). It's a body suit, so it's going to be tight no matter what, but it was a little too tight, even for a large.Ordered the Shemagh over a week ago and finally received it. Ordered Sand and black, but received Coyote Tan and black, minor differences, but you expect to get what you order. Forget Super saver shipping, took over a week from Indiana to Kansas because it sat in terminals for days on end. Use flat rate boxes Amazon!Great shoes! Very versatile. I can wear it walking, cycling, and it even looks cute enough to wear to work. It's very comfortable. It could use a bit more arch support, but otherwise, perfect!Very satisfied!I really like the soft feeling of the jacket and, although I had to send the first one I got back, because of a faulty zipper, I would recommend it to everyone who is looking for a cozy and lightweight outdoor fleece jacket.

The color, however, is not grey as in the Amazon offer picture, but rather greenish.i love love all the pockets it fit everything i need to travel with wowVery good slippers I have had these Manawons for 3 years now and still going strong yes the inter lining is starting to get thin in a few spots but hey I wear these quite a bit in the winter months indoors and outdoors very happy with these slippers I would definitely recommend. I will be buying a new pair probaby with in a year or so so 4 years out of this pair thats pretty good and they should last for the price.I had to order three pair to finally get the correct size- 9.5 and 9 were too big. But the (v small) hassle was worth it. These are nicely cusioned and super cute. Fantastic shoe for a great value.I'm between an 11.5 and 12 depending on the brand I got these  in 11.5 and they fit great and are comfortable.Darling / lots of complimentsVery NiceA bit larger than I wanted, but has plenty of space, appears to be good quality. Does it's job.These Boots are amazing. They fit really well and are very sturdy. I love them!Love it!!!Tag is great, but since it is advertised as a luggage tag, I was little surprised that the back was blank rather than having lines for name, address, etc.Love the color. I ordered size 4 as I always do. I am a true 7 in women's.  But these were very tight so I had to take them off at my family reunion.  Will give them a good stretch and try again.Bought these for a bridesmaid's outfit for an outdoor wedding.  They are great shoes - look good (don't look cheap! - I was scared they'd look cheap in person, but they don't) & are comfortable - I was able to wear them for the entire ceremony & reception without wishing I had flip-flops.  My one complaint is that they run super big.  I heeded the warnings from previous reviewers & ordered on the smaller size of my range - I typically wear an 8, but can range from 7.5-8.5 depending on the shoe / manufacturer - so I ordered a 7.5 & could have probably ordered a 7 or 6.5 even.  The shoes being large didn't detract from the comfort though.I really like these shoes, but the seam across the top hits right on the bone below my big toe and I got a blister. Other than that one thing, I liked them, but had to get rid of them.I wear flip flops year round, cobian's are the most comfortable I've found for the price.Received item sooner than it had said it would.  And they fit as expected.  Will probably order moreI absolutely adore this dress!!! However, you must be careful in the washing process. We put in the dryer and it shrank up some. Nothing too bad, but i would suggest laying flat to dry.I wear these booties all day with jeans, they are comfortable and look great.  I am a sales rep and I walk through retail buildings and restaurants, both of which have hard concrete floors.  the heel on these boots do not clank, clank, clank when I walk like other shoos with hard heels do.  So I do not feel vein or obnoxious when talking with department managers and kitchen staff.  The foot bed started to feel a little hard at the end of the day, so I put some Dr. Scholls liners in them which helped a lot.Sad to say I might have needed a pair of extra large pajamas?  I can manage with the large but needed to stretch out the pants a bit.  That could be on me as I have gone from a size 10 to a size 12 recently.  Tsk Tsk.This wig is not going to fool anyone into thinking it's your real hair, but it was perfect for a fun Halloween costume. And it fit great and stayed on my head almost all night through a lot of dancing--that's with no bobby pins or anything holding it on. If you're looking for something more realistic, this isn't for you. But for the price, I thought it was worth it.Good quality, attractive design and color.Good fit, and good length. Stretchy but doesn't stretch out after a couple hours of use. And isn't see through. Only taking off one star because they have a pretty bold vertical white stich pattern in the fabric that wasn't made clear in the picture.I love them and for the price was a steal.Nice, comfortable gloves.  The seems in the fingers lay well and were comfortable even with larger hands.  The finger tips and palms have subtle grip pads which is really nice.  As an added bonus, they work on my touch screen although not really well.Could be made a little better I don't think the straps will last long.LOVE this sweatshirt. but warning, i ordered the pink and it was not the same. not even close. that's why i gave it a 4 star.This bra fit so well, I ordered two more. Comfortable without the usual underwire pinch. Good bra, fairly priced.This is more lovely in person than the photos and I was impressed with those.  Fits perfectly.  Make sure you check your measurements!  I did and want up a size and it was definitely the right call.  The style is flattering on nearly all figures.  Very comfortable and love having pockets!I REALLY DO LOVE THE LOOK OF THESE BOOTS W/THE RUGGED SOLES HOWEVER THE ONLY PART I DON'T LIKE ABOUT THEM IS THAT THE 1ST TIME YOU WEAR THEM THE SOLES START TO SHRED FOR SOME REASON. BUT THE LOOK AWESOME ON & I GET A TON OF COMPLIMENTS MINUS THE BOTTOMS LOOKING FUZZY I WOULD RECCOMENT THIS PRODUCT ESPECIALLY FOR THE PRICE YOU REALLY CAN'T BEAT!I bought this as a gift and the recipient loved it!!Perfect. I love it!!! Arrived 2 days ahead of expected arrival time.I ordered a size too small and the seller was helpful, and above all fair and expedient in sending my replacement. I will certainly buy from this seller again. The tee is out of thick durable cotton fabric, the design shows off nicely, worthy product and seller at a good price. A+My favorite jeans now... love how it fits and they are so comfortableGreat bagLove these shoes. So cute and comfortable. Great for all day wear. The silver flecks are a nice touch.  I've received lots of compliments on them.Wife bought it for work. It fits her fine. Nothing specialColors and fit is greatI received so many compliments!!!  I am so happy I bought these booties.  They go with pants or skirts.  You can dress them up or down, doesn't matter. I often wear them to work and stand in them all day.  They are very comfortable.Love them and get tons of compliments on them too!I love these shoes and they have an added bonus. Not only do they fit well but you can wear them with coral or hot pink.Took forever to arrive but the glasses are very cuteIt is a little succeptable to wind, but I wear a coat-hood over it.  This morning it was 10 degrees outside and I felt fine during my short commute.  Two days ago I wore it during a 4 mile walk and my head stayed warm.Super cute and fits well.A little small on my chunky 17 pound, 4 month olds thighs. I'm sure when she thins out they will fit fine. In the mean time I'll probably cut the elastic on a pair or two :-/

These are the first brand of leggings that I have bought. I might buy another brand to compare them to.a classic and well made loafer.  sophisticated and sharp.  certainly not as comfortable as rubber bottom loafer, but expected since it's a hard rubber bottom and harder leatherThese fit perfectly and seem to be of good qualityI was actually pleasantly suprised by these. I read a comment that said they were super small, and when I pulled them out I thought "WOW" will these fit - but yes they did (very stretchy) super comfortable and a good quality thickness. That said these are not 'wear along' leggings - at least if you're a bit on the modest side. They are very clingy so best suited to wear under a long tunic, short dress or skirt.Very nice. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is there just aren't enough card slots for me but I knew that buying it. Great seller- fast delivery!Nice jacket, came as advertised. 4 star because of course the product isn't a 5 star waterproof Columbia but for $40 bucks it's worth about $25-$30The shirts were nice but smaller than I thoughtIt fits fine! I can't wait to wear this and use it if you know what I mean! It gives me the feeling of confidence and sexiness without giving me that nasty feeling of showing too much. It's for private use of course with my loveNice earrings but very cheap looking box /
Had to buy replacementI bought these shoes at a local Big 5 to save money, only $20. Felt great in the store, and did not regret the purchase. They were very comfortable and kept my feet cool. 5 stars!Come one, who doesn't want a cleaver purse!? This is awesome!! I sort of wish it has a shoulder strap (and may try to figure out how to add one) but since it is a cleaver, the hand part makes perfect sense. I carried this to a Halloween party and EVERYONE was asking to see it. I now wish I had concocted some Sweeney Todd/Mrs. Lovette Angela Lansbury type outfit to go with it, but maybe next year! This is the type of item that you buy on a whim and end up loving...and keeping for dozens of years. If doesn't hold a lot, I did carry a very small wallet, phone, compact and lipstick in mine...pretty much all I need for the night. Just get it, it is seriously coolNice suede boots. Cute style. Very comfortable. I wear them all day & walk up and down stairs all day. Great stylish boot that also provides all day comfort with a nice heel.Just as advertisedLove the feel of this jacket.  Fits well and is tapered very nicely to flatter.  Would buy this again.  I haven't washed it yet so, don't know how it will stand up in the washer & dryer.They were perfect! Thank youWhen I first received this ring I was worried it wouldnt fit properly because I have small fingers but to my surprise it fit great and looks even better! I have gotten so many compliments on this ring. Glad I purchased it!These boots are warm and everything I would expect from Keen. The only part I do not like is that the tie area feels a little tight and I have to wear thin socks.It serves it's purpose and novelty, I found nothing wrong with this product.  Sound is good, box is good.  Dog is good.  Dog is like.  Seriously though this is a pretty good buy I'd recommend it.I'm delighted with this purchase. It's somewhat heavier than I'd expected, which is a good thing as it doesn't feel all cheap and 'plastic-y'.
Background is leather, top jewel clasp accessory is lovely.
I'll be pulling this eye-catching beauty out for a fancy evening for years to come!I thought about rating as a 4,  as it was bigger than I expected,  but that's really only a negative for me. It's a really lovely chain, especially for the price. Normally textured / braided type chains tend to get tangled in my hair, but this one doesn't.  I'm going to see if they have a smaller one!Great "little black dress!"  I've worn it to interviews, a funeral, etc. The dress runs a bit big. I normally wear a size 8, but ordered a size 6.I really like these jeans. Fabric is substantial but not too heavy. Fit is good  length a little long. The reason  for 4 stars is that smell of moth balls or something weird. I will wash them to see if it goes away because Grandma doesnt need to have one more thing for them to make fun of ! HahaI would purchase from Delicious Women's MVE shoes again, I received many compliments and wore them dancing the first night i received them and had no problems standing, dancing and it has a nice heel.Very well Sturdy Chain I gave it to my daughter. she loves it, It is small for men But nice.Nice and light but warm.My grandson loved the sandals, even though they are a little large for him, he will certainly grow into them before summer is over.  He wears them every day!  They seem very well made and I think will hold up great!The ASICS running shoes fit perfectly.  They are exactly what I wanted.  The cushioning is the perfect amount for running on the streets.  I will order them again.I didn't receive any problems when I took it on a recent trip in Asia. Awesome.My daughter loves this shirt, thank you!!Not bad. A little dirty though.Lightweight but warm. Very comfortableThese boots rock! A wet June/July on the East coast and my feet are dry. Palladiums usually run 1/2 size large but these are a bit snug. Nevertheless the fit is comfortable. Water does not change the color, it just rolls off and they look as good as new. Thanks Palladium!Purchased as a gift and was well received. The traditional quality of Alpine Swiss was apparent in this wallet and in the packaging. I would purchase this wallet again.I love them!Got it for my daughter and she loves itbest belt ever!It was for my grandson. His brother chose it for him. Both are happy with their purchase.Nice looking band. Seems well made and is comfortable on the wrist. I do not have particularly large wrists and the fit was excellent. Some bands I purchased in the past were much too long , this one was not too long yet not too short.10 PointsThey run small.love the way it fits and the way it looks! shipped fastLove em! They look really cool and feel comfy. Exactly want I was looking for.Waist it way too tightThese should be fine.They were exactly what I needed but they really hurt if you wear them too long. I'd suggest taking them off every so often to give your ears a break. Or you could leave them on like me and get ear lobes that have imprints from the magnets and hurts like crazy.goodThis was a big hit for Valentines Day. It's heavier than I thought but beautiful. I'm thinking of getting some more from this designer.This dress is absolutely adorable, very good quality. The tulle is rough, so my daughter wears leggings under the dress.  She wants more "like" this one so I would say it's a huge success.Bought this watch for our granddaughter who requested a waterproof watch to time her swim laps.  It looks good, and we sure hope she likes it.Very nice hat.My son absolutely loved these shoes. The shoes are exactly as described and pictured. He has wore them for 2wks now and they still look brand new.I enjoyed this costume and bought the braided wig to go with it and it was a hit.  The only thing I didn't like was that it was thinner than I thought so it is important to be sure to wear leggings or something under it.Great fit, great material. Good buy!Nice pajama pants for my husband.  They are not too thick for summer wear and not too thin for the winter.I ordered the size that corresponded to a hat I already had, thinking that if it ran a bit small, it would be just right with the flaps down.  I was right and the fit is just right.  I like the hat and have had several compliments on it already.  Great for cold mornings walking the dogs.The lower part of this dress is somewhat largeThis hat fits well- even on my large head. Falls about an inch above my ears, brim is a nice length. Appears to be well put together. Light weight, nice color. I decided to wax this hat, it took the wax (beeswax) well, and now has a nice, heavy feel that lets you know you're wearing a hat.Love it! It's brighter red than in the picture. But goodness,  it looks amazing on me. See,  I'm 103 pounds, 5'6 & I wear a size 0. So as you can imagine, my curves are hard to find unless I dress in super tight/revealing clothing. But the hemline on this skirt is fantastic & showing off my hidden assets! I plan to get A lot more in the future in other colors & materials. Definitely buy this. It is So worth it. Just remember, it doesn't look like someone a vampire princess would wear in person. It's much brighter red. As bright as little red riding hood's hooded cloak. Its vibrant & beautiful(:This is a darling jacket and my granddaughter loves anything that is MInnie Mouse.  This is definitely a windbreaker which I was looking for and not meant for cold weather.  The reason for the four stars is one the price, which is probably because of the Disney emblem.  I've bought cheaper windbreakers that were just as nice as this one.  I also have a problem with the elasticized sleeves. The jacket I received elasticized sleeves are stretched out a lot bigger than is shown in the picture making it wider in the wristband than my grandbaby needs.  I also had an issue with the zipper.  For some reason it sticks and is hard to zip.  I hope the zipper lasts as long as the jacket.  One nice touch to the jacket is a sewn in identification tag "This Jacket Belongs To" with 5 lines for writing name and other pertinent information.  Even though I pointed out the negative aspects of the jacket, I'm very pleased with the jacket and my purchase.  If the sleeves were tighter and the zipper better I would have given this jacket 5 stars.I haven't really had the chance to wear these boots yet, am waiting for nicer weather. I really like the looks of them & I did wear them around the house when I first got them & they were pretty comfy then. I am looking forward to good weather to give them a real good try.What you see is what you get. I absolutely love this jacket. I ordered a size Small...I'm 5'3" pettite frame...and the small fits me perfectly. It's not a tight fit and it leaves room for movement and for a bottom layer to be worn comfortably. Just like the other reviews, you cant get rid of that weird gap when you wear the hoody and that top side zipper doesnt lead to an actual pocket. But the two on the bottom are pocketsThese rings came in quickly and look stunning. I bought both the Mens and Womens and they're true to size. The Women's just has one small area with the gems in it. I'm only leaving a four star review simply because I just got them and I don't know how they wear. So far though, they're fabulous.The size 5 M fits US size 2-2,5 perfectly. Good quality, great price!These are adorable!  Good quality and size as well.Excellent watches! Even much better than on the pictures.Nice additional for additional storage space on bike.  Easily comes off and on in a snap. Excellent construction and easy to install.Very nice soft fabric, perfect size, love it !I noticed a few reviews stating the glasses were small...well, I happen to have a smaller head so these were a perfect fit! If you have a wide face or large head these will definitely not fit you but if you have a narrow face or small head they are perfect. Since they were so cheap I decided to take a gamble.

The only part I didn't like was the chrome Locs symbol on both sides of the glasses but they can both easily be removed. I just took a thin knife and popped them out. It's nice that they made the log easy to take off.

On top of the glasses looking great, the price is unbeatable. I can go to target, kohls etc... and never find glasses like this for less than 25 30 bucks. Great buy, Highly recommended.Love it!  Great quality, looks like genuine leather, fits great, and really warm.i love the purse EXCEPT that its not lined inside... every purse should be lined. other than that i love it.Comfortable and work well for using my standing / walking desk. I have high arches and these accommodate this issue well.I received this pendant (Libra with the opal stone) for my birthday.  It is very pretty, shiny, a nice size and appears well-made.  I have had it almost a year and it hasn't tarnished at all.  The little diamond stone on the top is very miniscule, though, and I think the pendant would look more expensive without it.  The opal in my pendant is more green than cream colored as depicted in the product's photo.  I would have preferred a shorter chain, but the description does indicate the length is 18 inches.  I would purchase these pendants as thoughtful gifts for a friend or family member.Perfect fit greatExcellent quality, 100% recommended, is what I expectedThe suit is a beautiful suit and very happy with the purchase.  The only draw bag is the trousers for a slim boy is way too large.  Would have been good to have them slightly fitted or even maybe some adjustments at waist to enable a better fit without having to go to Tailors for it.  But love love the suit!!Stunning pin, great price! It looks very expensive and elegant. I purchased the first one for a gift then quickly reordered one for myself. I love it!Nice ring, construction seems good but time will tell. Nice design.They are a little snug in the waist event though they're called "loose fit"Excellent...A bit too large and clunky lookingLove these boots. Super warm and comfortable. Lightweight.They recommend ordering a size smaller, so I did and they fit good.goodProduct works great. Fits right and does what it is meant to do.I am sold on Vionic shoes. That is all I wear. Vionic shoes support your feet.Love the bag.  Very soft and the color is pretty.  Holds a lot of items.From the time I first put them on they were comfy. I have a hard time ordering shoes online because of extra wide feet. These fit perfect as advertised. Quality seems good... I am on my feet all day...lets see how long they last...goodLooks so fashionate my wife love itThe quality is very good - but functionality wise - you can only really keep paper money it - no place to put in change etc. A couple of them maybe together with the paper money. If there was room for coins, it would be perfect. But makes for a great gift!!I love these socks. I have small feet and finding a sock that fits properly is difficult. I look forward to wearing these when I do my second 3 Day 60 Mile walk.Beautiful color, nice material. I purchased the dark green. I'm 5'2 and 130 not too loose I would suggest a size up if u want a baggy fit but I liked this fit.A little too long for my taste, but that's the current style. They wear well and should last me a long time.It was perfect.Excellent choice, fits well.I have a Medela nursing bra that I really like and was looking everywhere for another one at a cheaper price...I found this one for only $10 and I really like it. It has decent support and is a tad snug. It's very flattering and I'll probably buy some more. It doesn't show your nursing pads at all.
I'm giving it 4 stars instead of five because the removable cups bunch up and are a little annoying. You really can't beat the price.The craftmanship is excellent, physicaly it shows better than in the picture ! very happy with this purchase.Love Scooba and love this shirtThe boots are very comfortable and cozy. I love themMy daughter loved it.I ordered an 8 but received a 12.  I tried it on anyway and for someone who is small on top but larger on bottom the extra sizes didn't bother me.  I'm planning on wearing this to my shower in a couple weeks with navy wedges and am very excited about it.  I'm 5'10 and this hits right below my knees so I'm thrilled to have found it!They look great and feel comfortable the only problem they run bigger so order one size downBought myself for Christmas to keep my hubbys heart beating. love itIt was a very nice quality belt and a useful key clip that I use instead of putting in pocket! Bought a similar belt from another company it was rubber junk compared to this quality unit! Nice job!I have a number of dive watches over the years, and this might be my favorite. It's a nice size for my super tiny wrist - it doesn't clank into my wrist bones and is comfy enough to sleep in and forget you even have it on. The face is easy to read, easy to twist, and has good contrast in low light. The webbing dries quickly and the band is adjustable from super small to super large (so you can put it over your wetsuit and have it be snug without slippage).This fit my baby well, just wish they were slightly better quality.I love these shoes they're so soft on my feet and have a great structure!Having never ordered before on Amazon, I was a little hesitant. I thought that I would get a better deal and service from the name brand website. Not the case, not only did I save close to 20% overall I also was informed of the delivery every step of the way. I was even asked how the fit of the shoes were shortly after I recieved. I can tell you that I have never been asked this in the past and surely will be using Amazon for more and more of my shopping needs. Thank youLooks Durable. Time will tell.Great dance shoes, not for living in.Beautiful dress but I was expecting it to cover arms somewhat,  it's not.Bought these for my daughter and she loves them. They do run small and had to order a size up.I have not use the shoes as of yet but when I tried them on; they were very comfortable. I like them they're very lightweight and look as pictured plus it comes with a plastic carrying bag... I will be using them for water physical therapy.Finally, I have found the perfect shrug.Beautiful dressThe days of quality rock n roll is here and now and to go back in time to purchase a new rock shirt when you ex-wife burned them ....well my friend is indeed priceless I love it!!!!!! And again no shrinkage LOL....."George can't stands ya!!!"It's a beautiful dress!! I did size up to achieve the correct fit. My suggestion is one or two sizes depending on your tummy circumference and bra size. I am a 38G I'm 5'0 I normally wear a 16. Sized up to a 18wDidn't know what to expect since I'm not used to buying clothes online.  I was pleased that the Adult Medium fit me perfectly. Shirt looks great and I received many compliments when I wore it!Sleeves were just a little longer but over all it is a very nice shirt. Very warm. Will buy more but at a smaller size.Love, love, love these boots they fit perfect.  I ordered them in tan and black in size 5.5 they fit excellent!  Super cute boots for fall, I can't wait to wear them!These are the first slippers I've purchased in awhile, and I just want to begin by saying that they are comfy beyond belief. I find myself wearing them everywhere around the house, and even wear them on short errands. I would have totally given this product a five star rating if it weren't for that fact that after only a couple hours of wearing them, the cushiony lining inside the shoe began to come apart and fall off. To me, this isn't really that big of a deal as the slippers are still cozy and provide some serious comfort for my tired feet, but it was a little disappointing to have to shoe slightly come apart on the first day I wore them.  To be fair though, Sorel obviously makes some high quality footwear, as my feet haven't felt this good in awhile. All in all, great slippers. I would totally recommend this to a friend.Tighter than my other bras that are exactly this size and bought about the same time. Maybe buy a size larger?  But nice looking.Took a long time to get, but worth the wait.I am a 6 1/2 so I bought a 7. Fits perfect but I do have to tighten them as tight as possible so my foot does not slide but then it works!My kids like to pull on my wife's jewelry, and have broken several chains.  This is a nice lightweight chain, and is quite strong.I love this shirt! Received it yesterday and had to try it on. It will be a long time until October before I finally wear it! Nice soft material, and somewhat large, which is a good thing, considering you will most likely have a base layer underneath, plus it gives you room to move. One thing I hate is a shirt that pulls at your sides or elbows when you are trying to move. This is a handsome flannel shirt, and the corduroy cuffs add a nice touch.I like this sweater. My baby girl is lean and long so I wish the sweater was longer. This 6mo size is too wide and not quite as long as I would like for my 3 mo. But cute and good quality and will work for this springThe came in just in time and they are beautiful we got them to wear for work so our real ones don't get ruined or lost but I truelly am in love with our ringsGot it for my son to wear to a wedding in the summer. It fit like I thought it would and he was really cute.I bought these shoes on a whim.  Didn't need another pair of flip-flops but these are much better quality and dressier than the ones I already own.  Besides, who doesn't need gold flip-flops with colorful rhinestones?  They are very comfortable.  I wish they had them in black!I almost don't want to write a positive review for this item, because I love it so much that I don't want anyone else to have it. Great fit. Great design. Great Fabric. Great Length. Fast shipping. Thank you very much. If anything happens to my skirt, I will repurchase.Nice shirt, good fabric and it actually looks better than it the photos. For people who use regular US M size you must order an L. I bought an M/L size thinking about others reviews and it did not fitted as spected specially in the arms this is like a regular S/M size, specially the length is a little short for an M. Go one size upThe length...great shirtThis is as cute as it looked online. Loved itRecieved my tote and I love it! The color is matches the photo.Great quality and fit for the price.  Would buy other colors.  Doesn't slide off my feet and my feet are narrow.  They're very comfortable.We actually bought this costume because the Snape Potions Master Jacket was too expensive. It worked perfectly for our Snape who officiated our Harry Potter wedding. All we had to do was add some buttons to the sleeves. The material was about the quality expected for the price so no complaints.Two thumbs up!Great product. Light. Soft. Size is smaller than usual. I wear 8.5, I bought 9 but still not fit. I'm going to return and buy a 9.5.These were a gift from my 21 yr-old son to my 19 yr-old daughter.  She asked for small silver hoops.  He gave me a price-range, and asked me to purchase them.  They are light-weight, but a good deal for the price.Fels cheap after  few wears.A little flimsy for the price but comfortable & light.Durable and comfortable. It is worth it to get comfortable summer thongs than the commercial plastic ones they sell everywhere that make your feet sore and cut into your toes.wife loves them says they fit fine great around the house very compatable with contour of her foot and not tiring to wear, like being bare foot http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000IMXOTY/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleThese pants are super comfy and I love that look. The "one size fits 0 - 12" thing is totally false, though. I'm a size 4 to a 6 (5'7, 128) and they fit me perfectly, but there's literally no way they would fit a size 12. Keep that in mind if you're thinking of ordering What a clever idea. I use them inside my suitcase -  I do travel some and these "cubes" make organization a breeze and they keep my clothes less wrinkled. I have bought 2 sets, one of which I gave to a friend.This is a precious outfit! Perfect fit for both my 8yr old granddaughter and her real American Girl doll.Great cross training shoe for the price.I like guayaberas - they're elegant, and they are cool - which is why you will note they are the "businessman's suit" in really scorching places like Mrida, Yucatn, and Cuba, where they originated. Ironically, I bought this one to take to Cuba - U S residents are not allowed to legally bring back clothing made in Cuba (only artworks, books and media, etc.) nor cigars or liquor. Not only was it comfortable, I was complimented on this shirt by Cubans! Basically, a decently made shirt.I love the style and look of these shoes.  They are a great color and look great.  The sole is nice and thick and is very soft to stand on, but it is a bit on the thick side so it doesn't flex much when you walk.  The straps are soft and comfortable but I fell they could be a little bit tighter, as my heels keep trying to slide off the side when I walk.  They are pretty narrow, and I have a wide foot, so this could be part of the problem.  I wear a 6 1/2 and normally buy a 7 in flip flops if they don't offer half sizes.  These are a little long so I think I could have gotten buy with a 6.  Overall I like these flip flops.  I have never worn the more expensive brand in this style so I cannot compare them to the fit of those.  They come in a a cute drawstring bag and arrived within two days of ordering via Amazon Prime.  For the price, I think these are a very good product and would recommend them. **I received these sandals for a discounted price in return for an honest review.  This review is my honest opinion after trying the product**gorgeous in personI love the quality and look of the suit, my son insists on wearing it each weekend.
he says it makes him look like a grownup:).

The suit ( Boys 2-7) does run somewhat large, especially around the shoulders, and he is 5. so keep that in mind.
I assume broad shouldered boys won't have that issue.

overall happy with the purchase.Exactly what she wanted!  Would buy againIt's a great bag my son loves it!Love the soft material.  Fit well.Great shirt, perfect fit!  Also not too thin so its not see through if you don't have an under shirt.  Wish they had more colors!Great tee shirt. Awesome color. It is made of very soft and durable fabric. Have washed several times and still looks new. And a great fit for a true XXL shirt.OkReally cute boots, I was really glad that I order a size up when I order online.  They run small, if you order a size up you should be fine.After reading reviews, I wasn't worried that the tights would fit my 5 year old (she is a bit on the petite side). It tied together her Halloween costume nicely!The boot fits as expected. It is slightly heavy but very warm and comfortable. The traction is very good in the snow, on ice it is tricky.I'm fascinated by pocket watches, and have collected quite a few "old" ones just for the pleasure of studying their gears and watching the little balance wheel/escapement moving along like a tiny, beating heart. That is why I bought this watch. I can't vouch for its accuracy...I believe it becomes more reliable if wound every night. I believe a regular winding makes the mainspring and gears wear more uniformly. But heck...I don't need a pocket watch to tell time...I have a boring digital watch for that! I love pocket watches for their exquisite, mechanical artistry. This one isn't an antique, and in fact I believe it is just a generic wrist watch movement placed inside a larger case. But heck...it is just cool to look at.I have tried many expensive shoes in many styles and brands in hopes of relieving my plantar fasciitis and these have worked much, much better than any others. I have very high arches and wear these with custom orthotics.This necklace is absolutely stunning!  I love the use of the agate slabs for interest and contrast to the pearls.  The length is perfect for every neckline I've tried (though I think cowl necks would be an exception).  It's a bold statement piece that adds a level of class to everything it's worn with.  The quality is outstanding.  Love it, love it, love it!I haven't worn this jacket much, but it's super comfy - however I held off on writing any review until after I had washed it. Because plush fleece will fuzz all over everything in your washer/dryer and make you wonder how it didn't completely disintegrate from loss of so much fuzz. I washed this last night, and not a single fuzz. So I'm willing to bet it's either well made, making it a great deal for the price, or tricking me and will fuzz up the next load of laundry.These are super socks, the fit is snug, but not too tight, plenty of support and cushioning in the toe and heel.  Perfect socks to be worn with my Danner Fort Lewis boots, comfortable for those long hikes in the woods and fields.  And, made in the U.S.A!  I would definitely recommend them!This is a great casual sock for cooler weather. I would say it is a medium weight knit, thicker than a trouser sock, but lighter than those heavy-weight hiking socks. So far they have held up well after repeated wearing and washing.It light material almost sheer, but that's expected considering the price. The fit is perfect. I got the exact size as suggested on the size chart. Extremely comfortable not tight at all. It arrive earlier than expected.Excellent AAA++++Other than being too big, I really like the fabric and the quality of workmanship.worked perfect for a halloween costumeMore relaxed than the 515 boot cut jeans and wider at the bottom.  Probably wouldn't by this style again. I'd go for the 515s.I don't normally use one of these but I needed it for my upcoming vacation.  It's large/long to spread across your belly rather than being short and bulky.  You could easily hide it under your shirt which I intend to do on the plane.  It has plenty of room to hold money, credit cards (has slots), passports, and my iPhone 6s plus which is much bigger than the reg. iPhone.  I also love that it is waterproof, as I will be spending a week by the pool/beach.  I am very happy with this purchase.I am 5'4" 38C and typically buy a 14 dress size. I bought the XXL. I like that it isn't skin tight for me, but still is a little large. I could have bought the XL. Easy to take in a little. The bottom of the skirt falls right below my knee. For what I paid for this dress, the material is decent and it is a beautiful pattern. It looks just like the image.It was smaller than I expected. But that's not necessarily a flaw because they do provide the dimensions of the product before you purchase.
My girlfriend absolutely loved this Necklace. The chain looks really fragile though. We are looking into buying a new one for the pendant. Nonetheless, it was a great purchase.It has a adjusted strap so it's a one size fits all!I always get Cherokee scrubs.  My arms are larger than most and it fits perfectly.Fits slim and snug ...almost too tight!I just handle this shoe, it fits really well i am too scare about the products size and i also order it 0,5 bigger than my other shoe. It fits well as i said and also it is really light weight. these are my first impressions i will write much more after my half marathon that will begin tommorow :) have a nice run.Soccerware bags are easy to carry and hold a ton of stuff.  We use it as a backpack for school during the week, and on the field on the weekends.I ordered a size larger because i was afraid they would be to small since they didn't come in a wide width. They are too big.Beautiful. Comfortable. Inexpensive as hell. A perfect wedding band.goodStarted return/exchange processInstead of measuring the "waist".  I measured around his middle area, which is bigger.  I got 42" and ordered the XL.  It barely buttoned.  So, I am sending it back for the XXL.  It is also tight around the chest area.  The quality for the price is great!  However, if you are on the line in size, order up.Looks great, awesome shade of green.Another great pair of shoes by Skecher.Great for the price !  Tangles very easily, thoughPerfect in every way! The color is illustrious, the material is supple, and the style is uber chique.This charm came in good conditions and it fit my Pandora charm bracelet and my moms Chamilia bracelet. GREAT PRODUCT!!!!Great for a Wednesday Addams costume for work, it was a little shorter than I was execting, but good when paired with tights! I usually wear a large and bought a large. It's a little tight in the sleeves, but very stretchy!Like most Casio watches I have owned, this one keeps excellent time for a cheap watch.  It took less than a minute to set.  The velcro/leather band is comfortable and does not look cheap.  I shower with it and submerge it and have noticed no signs of moisture on the crystal.  The illumination feature works as expected.  Be advised however, the watch is fairly small as outdoor watches go.  I bought it to be able to tell time without my glasses and it works for that in daylight.  At night however, without my glasses and using the illumination feature, it is fuzzy but readable.  That speaks as much to my eyesight as the watch I suppose but I had hoped for a clearer reading.  Having said that, I wear the watch regularly and this would be an excellent watch for younger people, women and men with smaller arms and wrists.6'1", 175lb and it fits great.  A little snug around the neck when fully zipped up so anything more than a collared shirt would make things tight.  It does have more room than your typical compact puffy jacket but it is to be expected as it is a belay jacket.  Zippers work fine(a review I read said they had trouble with them catching all the time).  I have snagged it on a few sharp edges and have been lucky so far to not have any rips or tears.  Outer fabric can hold up to a lot but I would not go out of my way rubbing up on sharp rocks and metal.  Hood is nice and roomy and adjustable which is great for windy days.  Late fall, winter, and very early spring would be best for wear.  Once this jacket warms up it stays that way and holds up well against wind.

Overall, great jacket and I would recommend it to anyoneReally nice outfit !.. Good quality and crafmanship !! I love it !!I really like this boot, but had to go up a size and 1/2. Warm, cozy, solid boot. Love it!These look super cool! Cheap and simple if you want a unique wedding ring. The picture is a little misleading though, since you only get one ring and not two, so be sure to order two different sizes if you would like to wear this with your loved one.Look great for everyday use. Comfortable for walking, just what I needed.Great.Purchased this watch for my wife for our anniversary. She cried when she saw it. It is stunning. The leather band is soft and flexible. The case size and accents are beautiful! I would recomend this watch to anyone I don't know (I wouldn't want a friend to have the same watch as my wife);).Nice shirt.  Just runs a bit small.  I would recommend ordering 1 size up from your normMy son loves these!Nice shoesSomewhat smallWell designed.  Easy on and easy off.Face is a bit dark but that is apparent in picture. Be careful with band, can get dirty easily. But I like the looks of the watch.My son said these shoes are "Awesome!" So, thank you for the great deal on those awesome shoes Amazon!!Nice sunglasses for the price. Super fast delivery.A little tight but I can manage since they are not my only every day pair.no slip!I love these shoes and would highly recommend themI like these watches. They make interesting fashion statements, especially if you have them in several colors.kI love these pants. Look great as casual and dressy with the right top.The corset I bought was too small but I purposely did so.  I am on a journey for waist training and I looking forward to wearing this when I am able to fit it.  Beautiful, well made velvet corset.  Hopefully I will fit it by the summer.This item has a nice weight to it, also received many compliments through the day. only downfall I had is I found myself having to wind it a bit more than I would like but otherwise an excellent piece especially considering the price.GoodLove my Jags. Just wish they would offer more in petitesVery goodI bought this for my UK trip next month. This will be the second time I go back and wanted to be a little more organized. I remember the hassle of having trouble getting my ID or Passport, etc. out of my bag or even the inconvenience of trying to hold it all in my hands... Thankfully I never dropped or lost anything, but I didn't want to fumble anything around this time and prefer it be a smooth trip. :)

The ID slot is not mesh as the picture shows, but that doesn't really affect me much in the quality of the product. It still has the three inner slots (ID, Passport, Boarding pass) and has a side zipper pocket as well as a pocket to tuck the strap in. The pen is a cute little addition and surprisingly works very well. An overall good buy!So far I haven't been able to get all of the hooks latched 6weeks post pregnancy. I'm hoping to lose a little more baby weight to get it to latch correctly. This brand was strongly recommended by a friend who has used it post pregnancy with great results.Didn't realize it was men's sizing. So it's a little big.  Decided to keep it, but got some good service when I thought about returning it and reordering!Fits as expected.Grateful shoe's  fantastic priceGreat looking shoes, I keep getting lots of compliments on the new blue. The only issue is the exceptionally long toe box.love this dress. light lining insideVery comfortable to wear. Looks pretty nice for 20 bucks. So many pockets you can use for different stuff. Overall a nice buy if you just need something to wear for the summer!The outfit was cute! My son is 10 months and it fit just right (6-12months). We had to brush the hair out it sheds really a lot!GreatWhen I saw these online I was "WOWED!" by the little details. "VERY BAD ***", is what I was thinking. I could not wait to get them home. In person I gotta say not so wowed... Don't get me wrong they are very nice boots, extremely comfy and the quality seems to be good. I'm just waiting for the "WOW!" to kick in... Still waiting...Really great fit, although the neck was a little higher than I wanted in the front.  I had bought this dress as a replacement for one with the same beading pattern that was too small.  As you can see in the photo, this dress is the one on the right, and the original one I bought on the left.  I do wish that this one had had the darker gold sequins rather than the champagne colored ones, as I loved the look of the first dress so much, and you can also see that the beading pattern is shifted up toward the neckline a lot in this one.  This dress is flattering and comfortable, I personally was just attached to the lower/sexier neckline of the first and the darker gold beading.I am also pleased. Very comfortable.Looks almost 100% like the one in the show.Fits comfortably and is nice and warm for winter. I ordered 3 and love them.Very cute! I get lots of compliments on these and nobody would be able guess what I paid. They could be softer on the soles. I really thought that they would be more comfy because they are skechers but they aren't terrible. I find them just a tiny bit snug near the toe box but all in all, I like these a lot.Lightweight and comfortable. Been through many cold winters, and still wearing.Nice weight fabric, a relaxed fit as expected except that the sleeves were very wide and much too loose, almost bell shaped short sleeves.  Not a flattering look for a 1x size unless one has very large arms.The skele-toes shoes are comfortable but I placed an order for size 10 and it didn't fit him. Looks like you have to get it one size up.order next size up.I went by another reviewer's suggestion for sizing, and it doesn't fit that great.  The stretchy band for the waist at the very bottom is fine, but then the fabric around the torso is way too big and loose, like it's designed for someone that's overweight.  I'm 5'9"1/2, 175 lbs. with a fit build - not too skinny or too muscular in any particular area - actually pretty close to the guy in the sample pictures.  I ordered the large and feel like I should have gotten the medium, but then I don't know if the sizing on that would be weird in some other way. Oh, well Halloween is tomorrow - too late, I guess I'll go as a hobo trekie.

The fabric is fine for a cheap costume that you wear just a hand full of times, and the badge and pins are fine as well.  If it just fit better it would be awesome.Lovely top!Cute shoe.  A little stiff around top and at bottom where toes come out.
Good shoe for the price.Super cute fit my daughter well. She is 11y/o and about 5'8" and 110 lbs. SKIRT DOES NOT LIGHT UP AS DESCRIBED IN DESCRIPTION. I think I was more disappointed than she was. She loves it!Dress is super cute. Can be dressed up or down, depending on your choice of footwear. Nice think fabric, looks higher quality and not cheap like a lot of simple dresses can. I love it.NICEI got this as a gift for my boyfriend and think it looks very hot on him! Very classy yet not too expensive looking, and just the right size.This ring is very pretty- much prettier in person than in the picture. I've been wearing it for about a week now, and the "sandblasting" on the petals is a little scratched here and there. But it is still a beautiful ring. The only other thing that may be a negative for some is that the band is thick, and as my finger was getting used to it, it broke the skin on my other finger where the run and the other finger rub.  But since my hand got used to it, it's been fine.I like the dress, the only problem I have is that it's see through. I I will be getting my dressmaker to add a petticoat to it.I really do like the shoes and they are comfortable but they are SLIGHTLY too big. I can still wear them and they are still super comfortable. I would have returned them had I not worn them outside but, it is what it is.GREAT material and design... but zipper broke after a month. Maybe I wasn't lucky.I ordered a large, but it fits like a medium. I always wear an undershirt with these-and I prefer more room. No complaints, though. Excellent quality, beautiful color (exact match to the image on the website).These seem to be very comfortable... so say the menfolk... non roll waistband, plenty of room front and back.  Good quality cotton fabric, too.I love the color and feel of the slippers but they didn't fit so I had to return them.Good textureVery warm, just tough pumping gas, unlocking car, ext with them on, but warm!Great quality, super price!I received the rolling backpack within an amazing amount of time.  The backpack was smaller than I was expecting, but with 2 younger brothers, it will be a good hand-me-down.Can't go wrong with Clarks. Just a little more arch support and they'd be perfect. But still love them. Very comfortable.I used this to compliment a long maroon dress for my sons wedding with a silver handbag and was told by many attending that the shawl really pulled the outfit togetherVery nice ring. The wife loves it and very reasonable price.Great bootsThank you VERY MUCH!!Excellent leather that is soft and supple. Size is excellent and can be verified online with the artiat size chart. I found I was a wide width after printing out the foot size chart and the boots for great. Maybe a touch tight the first day but they fit great now. Highly recommended!Great quality recommendedToo cuteCan't complain. Was delivered as expectedClassy and elegant is best to describe this ring. The design and clarity are superb giving it an expensive look. And last my lady absolutely loves it so I am glad I made this purchase !I loved this.  very sexy.  It runs a little big on top.Yes...my husband and I LOVE them!The only bras I love! Purchased these for my mom as well. She loves them. No underwire. Soft to the touch and hold is great. No cons!Love thenFit great, but came up a little short.  Next time I'll get average and not petite.bought these for hubby who loves the pattern as well as coveralls and he does like these immensely. they look very nice on him. fit is comfy and they are unlined so they are not too hot to wear everyday. comfy and lots of pockets which are zippered or covered for securing your wallet and other items. the fabric is nice and the seams well constructed.Little expensive but exactly what I expect from a pair of converse. Love the color. Looks even better in personI like the size of the bag and the color.LOVE this shirt :D fits a little snug but not too bad.Love this T-shirt. I bought it for winter running. I use it under my running tops and works great. Stays is place, great fit and has a nice soft fleece inside. Very breathable material. The sleeves/thumbholes and length are a good fit for me, I'm petite.Very happy with the quality of this product. Will purchase again. Thank you!Very comfortable. Slightly longer than what I have purchased at Fleet Farm, but this difference was actually welcomed. Love these pants for comfort and style!Works great. Would buy againThis is a great fitting jacket and looks great with jeans or skirts.  I got a large because it is fitted (I'm a 10/12) and it fits perfect - fitted, but not tight!A little short, but worked out wellNephews favorite shirtI loved them, the husband didn't so I had to return....I should have ordered the style with the real sole, he hated the look of the rubber.SuperThis bandanna is good at keeping my neck warm outside.  It's thin as can be expected.  I ordered several.  I might double up to see how warm it is.  I like the black color and the pattern.Fits great! Needs to be ironed.Gave Gownie as a baby shower gift after I received one. She loved it as much as I did. After wearing a hospital gown for a day this feels so soft and comfortable. Snaps are much easier to manuver than regular hospital gown ties.fast service - great colorHave had these socks in the past,  they are my go-to short sock. I get them because they are soft, very thin, and durable. Great for working out in. They keep my feet nice a cool. The say Hanes Lite on the bottom.Great Item!  Delivered quickly.Excellent. Who've the fit, we will not ever 'try' another cheaper brand.I feel extra confidence wearing this product. Smooths out the visible cellulite through my yoga pants. Will purchase again. I weigh 165/ 5'6" and the C size fits perfect.I love this shirt !!  Dressy or casual depending what you wear it with . I may order more in different colors. Love the fabric, not shear...don't need a cami under itVery comfortable and the soles are non slip.The rings were nice. But i wish that we were able to pic the rings.Good quality, great color.  Arrived quickly.  It's a shoe lace, what else can I sayI use these shoes for commuting to work.  The soles on them are substantial enough that you can bike for hours without your feet hurting.  As other users have noted, when you look at the sizing chart, get  size larger.  I have found this to be true with all Pearl iZUMi cycling shoes.It's really nice to not have to hold the bottles while pumping. I did take a star off because it doesn't stay on at all when strapless as pictures (yes, I have it on tight), but it's still very usable for me with the straps attached.Delivered on time and just as pictured and described. Got them for my boyfriend to avoid those nasty college showers. He loves them :)Great quality and price. I ordered these shoes for myself They fit perfect and are comfortable. I loves them and I've had them over a year..These worked great for gymnastics comp pants. The only issue, which is slight, is they are longer then normal Capri's

~BecaShe loved this strapless bustier. Unfortunately there was not a band size / cup size combination that fit her. We tried several and sent them all back because none of them fit her.I was not expecting the pony tail in back but it's fine.They run large... And somewhat narrow. But very nice otherwise, as expected.CuteBeautiful shoes but better order 1/2 smaller than what you wear.Leather is soft, seems durable and looks exactly like the picture and description.These are a huge lifesaver!  I don't have to button my shorts or pants anymore (I guess the silicone holds them up) which has been amazing during my pregnancy- especially when sitting down.  You won't regret this purchase!  I'll even be using them after baby for sure!These shoes are gorgeous but a little too small. I initially wanted to return them but the next size up was almost double the price for the same shoes. I'm going to see how they feel and I may pass them off to a relative with slightly smaller feet. I was surprised at the fit. I literally wear a 9.5 in every shoes.Great look and a fabulous fit!Great shorts! My husband got a lot of compliments at our family beach trip. He wears a size 33 or 34 pants and the large fit perfectly.i love itI find these shoes to be very comfortable.  The pair I just bought is my third.  Love the assortment of colors.My granddaughter loves this swim suit. She looks like a princess with the matching skirt. It fit her perfectly and the purple color was beautiful.They rub my heels, but it's not that bad.Beautiful cuff bracelet.  Good quality.  Great price.  Many compliments!Great size. Small band and face just as I wanted. The only negative is that the buttons are hard to press, especially the light one. My first Casio so not sure what the average is like. Do love this watch though.Perfect leather design and i like the clock sizegreat my grandson loves itLove these!Just as described I love it.We love the shoes. Glad I ordered them for my wife.Nice shirtTHIS ARTICLE WITH ALL MY EXPECTATIONS FULFILLED RECOMMEND IT BECAUSE THE PACKAGING AND JURISDICTION ENTRAG CORRECT, IN ADDITION TO RUN FERFECIONNot bad deal for priceCute shoes!
Ordered my size and they were small, to the point of them rubbing blisters and then scraping those blisters. Once they stretched a bit they're better but now they're slightly too big and I have to curl my toes to keep them from falling off of my foot.
I haven't had any problems with the scallops rolling down but I saw reviews about that and have been very careful when I put them on.
I rated them well though because they are so cuteI love this beautiful bracelet.  It was sent to me by Jane from Beautiful Silver Jewelry to make up for another bracelet that I bought from them...in fact...she was so concerned she sent me two lovely new bracelets.  They are well made and different and easy to put on and take off and I am totally impressed with the amazing customer service provided by this company.

I am a bracelet collector...I love unique ones that I can stack together and wear every day...this one is perfect for every day wearing.

I won't hesitate if I want to order from this little "gem" of a company again.really cuteHappy with product!I too love these shoes but I can't wear them all day because they are heavy and have stretched and are now a bit too big. Everyone comments on how great they look and always say, "Oh, I love your shoes. Where did you get them?"Like the look of the sunglasses but did not fit my face. Gave to my daughter and she says she loves them.love theseLike the shoes. However, having a problem breaking them in. Left shoe left me with large blister. This was using a cart. Don't think I would be able to walk 18 in them. Had good luck with my old FJs so willing to give them a chance. Quality and style goodComfortable sweats!I wear xxl on the larger side.  Not as much compression then I thought.  Additionally,  the edges under the arms rub a little.  Probably take some getting use to.  Material quality,  have to cut the collar trash off carefully.  Decided to keep and I ordered an xl to verify correct fitting and benefit before I order a 6 pack of em. Wearing polos for the first time on my life.  Love it !greatGo with their sizing chart. I did and it was a bit loose. Washed and dried with high heat and the fit was better. I still had to add a couple darts to the shoulder area for a more tailored look.Worked good for my daughters Halloween costumei love this bracelet. i have one and bought several others for friends. it looks great and the craftsmanship is perfect too. i wear it pretty much everyday and it's the perfect touch!Great productLove it!!! After washing and drying a few times, it's good to go!This thing is stylish and high quality and obviously very warm.

I love it.

The sizes run kind of metrosexual so if you are a normal guy order a size bigger.

Not good for working though, this is kind of fancy.
For working i would recommend micro down with canvas outer shell.Overall, nice leggings for the price. They are a bit thinner than I expected, the fiber seems thicker than nylon but thinner than leggings I'm used to getting. The printed design on the pants seems to be a mish-mash of two different pants, as there's a star printed on the front and I ordered the plain black pair. For reference, I'm 160 lbs 5'4, so yes, they do fit but are a bit tight, maybe shopping in the plus size would be a better fit for that weight range. Still pretty happy though, great speedy shipping and didn't break the bank.Very comfortable and cute. Fabric is very soft and stretchy.Bought for sun protection and coolness factor. It does the job for both very well. My 6 month old son doesn't like them being put on but leaves them alone once in place. If left on for more then 5 minutes they leave a mark which I HATE but they have to stay on his face to work and anything looser they would fall off. It doesn't bother him though. The trade off is worth it because his eyes are protected so I do recommend them, especially in the sunshine state.Awesome fabric, beautiful then what appears in the picture, very flattering and smooth shape, well done tailoring, longer then usual and reaches over the kneeThis shirt looks and fits great. Will definitely look to buy it again when my son out grows this one.Love the coat but runs a size small. Comfortable and on the first day I got compliments on it.GreatThis was a perfect Baptism Gown for my baby. It fit her nicely and she looked like an angel. I would recommend this gown for the quality and price, can't beat it.Usually I'm a "scuff" kind of guy. I like these booty-styled slippers for moving the car or getting the mail, however. Just a little more stability than roaming from the bedroom to the shower.After researching and deciding against around-the-neck and other designs, I bought a Venture 4th money belt for me. My husband pooh-poohed it until he saw it on me and then wanted one to replace his long-used and sworn-by money belt and neck wallet. Done. One dark brown, one black. We first used ours on a 5-week trip, traveling by rail, through several European countries. Now, we take them along for other travels and our Costco run (free hands, no bulk). Lots of room for several items, including cash, cards, sunglasses, iPhone and passport; comfortable to wear inside or outside (but under a vest, sweater or jacket); well made; good price; and a great design.I like the design concept. I found that the large size was a bit slim for being a "L", especially right for the first few weeks postpartum.Love themNice pj's but it's small for the size.My new Spa Body Wrap arrived and is lighter than I expected.  It is now made of terry cloth and made of material more like a tea towel.  It is easy to pack and I do like it.Really nice pair of ballets! I'd say they run a little bit smaller to size. Instead of size 8 which I normally wear I ordered 8.5 and it fits perfectly! The shoes look very well made and feel pretty comfortable though they don't have an arch support at all. I bought they in red color and it looks the same as on the picture.She loves themA great and unique key holder. Definitely an attention grabber any time anyone sees my keys. The two things I would change is the keys are kind of a hassle to replace in and out of the holder and it would be better if it held more keys. To add or remove a key is somewhat of a process but all in all I really liked this productThe glow face lasts a long time. And the bag is great. Still too new to know yet about wearBeautiful ring.  Stone is lovely.It was exactly as I expected - Color and pasform. It will look great to the dress I bought it for.this scrub top is very soft and comfortable to wear, I like that this fits so well the sides fit perfectly and they aren't overly tight. I like that there are 2 pockets for me to fit all my stuff that i need in them. I like that this is a v-neck top but it still covers everything i need it to cover. I like that this is also long enough to cover everything so my crack doesnt hang out. I however was disappointed with the color because it was darker than pictured. I like the way this is sewn, all the edges are all sewn in pristine condition. I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.My son loves it!  Thanks!Good Shorts that Fit WellThe combo of analog and turning disc dual times on this watch is a cool feature. Overall I wouldn't say this watch feels premium but it looks nice and gets attention. It has a chrome/polished metal case and the dials are brown. The band as noted is not leather so i assume it will not last very long but i do like the two rivets on each side as it gives it a nicer look.  This is a very big watch as it covers the whole wrist of an average size person, so if you don't want a big watch don't buy this one. In the end for under $20 I recommend this watch.Good shirt but I ordered based on the size requirements and it is very loose. Not a problem but does run on the large sizeTop fits perfectly but bottoms are a little tight but they do stretch a little after wearing for awhile . I would purchase another in other colors and recommend to others .Lightweight shirt, a bit thin but fair enough quality. Might run a bit small but did fit me for the most part. Maybe a touch smaller.very soft and prettyVery comfortableI took off a star because the elastic laces came apart.  A simple knot fixed it though.  No huge deal.  My son has been wearing them for weeks and they still look bran new.  He loves splashing in the puddles.  I love dry feet.  We are very happy.  My son also has super wide feet, so I was pleased the these fit in a medium width.leg holes are tight but they soak up the pee so that is good no wetting thru clothesEverything I hoped it would be. Great material and feels like it'll last. I'm a size 16 and the length was still long enough to cover my butt without looking boxy. Only complaint, and it's not a big deal, is that the sleeves are a little tight so I can't roll it up enough to use the sleeve cinch. But I can still roll it halfway up my forearms. I'll be ordering another color for sure!thanksVery happy this logo is not coming off.you will love the shirt.Nice fabric and comfortable fitWe love these shoes.  They slip on and don't fall off, they are flexible yet durable and somewhat supportive.  They are great.  I would definitely buy another pair.

I am just adding another note here about a month after wear, the rubber is getting very worn down, the tread is disappearing.  So, being that they are soft and flexible is both a plus and a minus.  Perhaps priced a little high for only lasting what will probably be 2 months.....Love it!Love these! I was a bit apprehensive about buying gym shoes online, but couldn't resist the price at the time. They are great! I love the fit and the amount of cushion the sole provides. Theyre great for HIIT classes, and I wear them to lift as well. I have a pretty high arch and they could use a bit more arch support for my taste, but I think for gym shoes they are probably pretty average as far as that is concerned. All in all, they are super comfy, give great support, look great, and I love wearing them!This bag is perfect for my grand daughter to carry brushes, treats, etc to the barn. She loves it. Seems sturdy and well made.These seem to run a little smaller to size than advertised, but for my 32" waist, they're excellent.  There's no fraying or linting or loose strings that I have noticed.  Nice quality.Very soft and comfortable.Perfectly fitting jeans for my size 12 curved hips and behind. They don't gap in the waist. They do not fit too low or too high on the waist. The legs appear fairly straightcut, not too tight around the thighs or shines. I never have to tugg on them to keep them up, they don't slip down showing your lower back or behind. They look just like the photo. I love Levi brand, and I hope this 529 style never gets discontinued. They are a staple in my wardrobe. My go to jeans. I have purchased many of these, in different colors over the years since I discovered them.This is a very nice watch. Gets tons of compliments and is a very large watch. If it weren't for the rather band being a bit of a pain to work with because of the way it is designed to resemble a metal band with "links", it would be worthy of 5 stars.super soft tshirt fabicVery attractive ring, but don't know about the "copper" part - if it has copper in it, the copper would've turned my finger green, but hasn't and I wear it every day. Love rose gold, just wonder about the copper content. I have rheumatoid arthritis in my hands and wrists and copper does help!They fit as sized.  Very comfortableGood bag looks durable enough. It arrived a bit dirty thoughGreat quality! Thank you for such an amazing product!!I was paying $10 to get my battery changed in my Fossil watch every year or two.. I bought a battery for $2 bucks and with this tool...basically paid for itself. Mine did not come with any instructions but was easy to figure out..and like others said..just push in the correct bit all the way and it will not fall out. The other bits are odd looking and curious what kind of watch takes them but I only needed the one set for all my watches.. Very pleased. Not giving 5 stars because there are no instructions and the case is lame..but still a good buy.I got this for my 2yo son. He's as big as most 3yo kids. It fit him well with clothing underneath for the cool WI Halloween weather. The badge on the jacket was peeling off before I even was able to have my son try it on. Some double sided fabric tape did the trick. As far as the fabric the costume is made out of, it is very very thin but looks good. We received so many compliments from random people when we were out trick or treating about how cute the costume was. For the price I paid I am not going to complain one bit.excellent conditionFits well, and it's not too thin of a fabric.These shoes are precious and look better than pictured. However, they do not stay on very well (10 month old child), so I wouldn't purchase expecting significant use. They are very photogenic, so I say they do what they were intended too.Great look. Feels great to wear. Perfect for leisure or workout.Didn't expect it to be too big, but the fit was a little larger than expected. Overall the dress is adorable. I got it tailored to fit me~Loved my sweatshirt big successI love itGood but could not get it on without breaking seams, still worth itLove my booties! I wear them all the time.
They fit so nice & I have a Princess and the Pea type of foot. Super happy with them! I get compliments on them every time I wear them.They fit a little tight, but other than that they arrived fast.  But the quality is goodThese are really cute platform clogs. Right outta the 70's.  Paired with jeans skirt and a white linen blouse and you are dressed for all occasions. They also very fast start to darken into a deeper brown. BUT... where the different leather parts are braided together there are some minor ridges that will tear your toes open... and that is not fun at all. So put on some bandages before you head out and also use some leather cream and bend and tweak the leather a bit - then it will become better fast!  Other than that - these are great to walk in and cute on the feet!Great quality excellent fit. Have held up well. Easy to care forThis is by far my favorite nightgown. I bought it during some freak sale and only paid $11 for it. I'd buy more but not at the current price point.My normal everyday shoe size is 8.5M or 8W. As for golf shoes brand like adidas puremotion I ordered 1/2 size bigger(9M) and feel just right. I have read other reviews on this FJ Superlite and most said these shoes run big, therefore, I ordered my regular 8.5M and felt like 8.5 WIDE!,  Should have ordered a 8M instead, but no problem with extra insoles put in. Generally good shoes, but run 1/2 size too big.goodGreat productNice watch, keeps charged without conscious effort to provide it with light. comfortable strap doesn't catch on arm hairs.The Stacy Adams fit my son's size 15 better than any other brand and they look good too.They are a little big, I would get a half ize smaller than you are. It's not awful and It's getting cold so I'll fill them in with thick tight. HOWEVER, they are so sparkly and cute, they look just like the pictureBuena calida el color es como esta en la foto
Me encanto el producto y la rapidez del envio exelente We ordered this shirt so our son would have something to wear to his brother's Wreck-It-Ralph party. It is a great shirt, but it seems to run large. We ordered a Medium and it went down to his knees (he is 7 1/2 years old and about 45" tall)... I would strongly suggest ordering a size smaller (especially if your child is just growing into a new size). ...Still my favorite Wreck-It-Ralph shirt we've found, though.So comfortable!Got these at the prime sale for $12.00 but they only retail for $15.00. For cheap shoes, they're really cute and reasonably comfortable. No blisters after one wear though I started to feel some mild discomfort towards the end of the day. They're much cushier than I expected based on the price. I'd consider picking up some other colors assuming they continue to be as comfortable as they were on the first wear.Love these boots!  The brand was recommended to me as the best of the best for New England weather.  I caught a good deal on Amazon and they look and fit great.  Now if only we had any snowstorms this year...Item as described.  Lightning fast shipping!Must have must buyGreat price and the shoes were delivered very quickly and looked good. However, I was surprised how narrow they were even though they were supposed to be wide. Also, the toe was a little more rounded than I had expected. Unfortunately, I will need to return them for another pair and style.Just received these shoes today. Slipped them on and was pleasantly surprised that they feel like shoes I've had for years. Fit is perfect for my 7-1/2-B foot. The color is much more rich than shown; it's more of a "caramel" color, and it goes with everything in my closet. The heel height is perfect; I wanted little bit of lift, but didn't want to clunk around in a high wedge. Very well made; leather on top is soft; not stiff. No pressure points that I can discern. Classic styling. Highly recommend.Pretty nice for the price.Love themFits great on my soncan see it from far awayvery nice shirtI have been looking at Doc Martens for a while.  I like their boots, but wanted something a little differant.  I saw these same boots on the Dr. Martens on-line store and fell in love with them, but decided to wait.

I happened upon a sale on shoes through Amazon and just happened to remember the boots I wanted, but figured that this kind of item won't be on sale.  However, to my surprise, they were on sale and had some available in my size, so I ordered them.

I have purchased clothing on-line with disappinting outcomes, usually returning the items.  I hoped that my first shoe purchase for myself would go better.

I received the boots I ordered and opened the box to discover that they looked even better (in person)than the picture on the page. the nexted test was trying them on.  Once I had laced them up and walked around in them I was totally exceited about my purchase.  Not only were they cute boots they were also very comfortable.  Doc Martens are known for their high quality and craftsmanship, and I would like to say that they were well worth everything I'd heard about them.
I can't wait to wear them out, I LOVE THEM!!!!Super cute and cozy!! Cant get much better for the price! Great deal we'll see how well it holds up in the long runLove it. Gonna get more.Cute but somewhat small I usually buy large so it fits loose. This was slightly snug.Seems pretty nice but it's for my wife sooo..Maybe just a hair smaller than I hoped. I am very chesty to say the least though. But everyone loved the dress for the Silver and White Party. And I got it very fast.Being a one size fits all means it will not fit all the same, and in this instance, the person wearing the poncho seemed liked a larger poncho would have been beneficial.  I'd say it would be better for a small to medium framed person.service was timely.  I have not yet worn the T shirt but do love it. I am planning to move and need to get rid of a lot of "stuff."  The T shirt says "Be Calm and Let if Go." Am going to use the T shirt as more motivation to "purge"I have had bad luck trying to find tops that fit. This one is perfect. Exactly as described and I am very happy! :)Good Nikes!They will be used for camping, but they seem ok.This dress is so adorable.  I ordered the size eight and the fit is flattering.  I'm not sure who this dress would not look good on but, it works for me.  The lining gives the dress just the right amount of weight and the dress almost feels tailor made.  I love the vintage vibe it gives also, yet so modern.They fit but fair warning they look like granny panties. I used these for the hospital stay after having my 2nd child. I was hoping for more of a hipster/bikini fit but not the case.So comfy and soft!!First off I am 140lbs and 5"4' . I ordered a Medium. I got this after having my baby almost 2 years ago and I couldn't bust these last few lbs.
The tank works great, its double layered and really does smooth and doesnt ride up at all.  In fact it rides pretty low (im 64 inches) and hits right above the bum.
 However it shrinks your chest as well...something that was NOT planned.  Im a shy 34B and it really disadvantages smaller chests.  I supposed if you wear a padded push up, you can make up for it but it will just make it feel a little tighter.  I also went for a walk around my neighborhood and was so HOT... so don't layer up on this.  I still wear it with tigher sweaters and unforgiving materials but I just sub in a push up.Unfortunatly, Dockers are no longer the quality product they once were.  The ones I received through Amazon were of the same mediocre quality I find when I shop at my local brick and mortar store.  I chose to purchase through Amazon to save the trip, eliminate the parking and crowds, and the frustration of finding out that my local store is stocked with every size except mine.  So was I happy with my purchase? I suppose so.  The Dockers brand has the look I like, so I'm resigned to staying with them.  I will most likely buy them through Amazon again, since this is one item of clothing I have found that can be bought without trying them on.

I realize it won't happen, but I would like to give Levi's this feedback: use better quality materials! I would be willing to pay another $5 per pair if the material used was a bit heavier, held it's creases better and lasted longer. I could overlook the metal clasp issue that other complain about, because it matters more to me what the pants look like and how they feel anyway.  They could be called "original quality" or "original style" so as not to be confused with the meaningless "classic" tag line that has already been given to these pants.I know it's a bit more money than a lot of the others but it is a GREAT bag!Sent back because they were too small. I ordered the next size up and those fit fine.This mask was perfect for my son's Day of the Dead Halloween costume!These sandals are freakin nice! However, I would recommend you order a size larger than your actual size. Also, they are a bit narrow. My feet are kind of wide but it's not usually a problem. With these sandals it's a good idea to get an extra 1 to 1 and a half size larger.great to have a cool dress up role play session with your favorite girlVery comfortable and streches.I bought these for my 2-year old son who is almost potty trained.  They seem comfortable and good quality.  Of course, he loves the "choo choo train" designs.  I've had similar ones that I've been using for a while and they have lasted very well.  The design stitch design is good for boys.  Although my son is 2 and on the small side, they fit snugly but not too tight and it looks like there'll be room for him to grown as well.  I recommend them.So awesome!I loved this sneaker when i saw my friend wearing it - i searched everywhere to find it and of course finally found it on Amazon - should have started there. The sneaker is very glittery and really pretty - it is also so comfortable to wear.Excellent Watch. Amazon did a great job getting the watch to us in a couple of days. Very satisfied.I received my heels last night and they are absolutely gorgeous! I wore them around the house and they're super comfortable as well. They fit, but I think they run a little small. If not for that one flaw, I would have given them 5 stars.Very comfortable hat.  Ventilated on the sides.  No worry about sun burn for those who turn loose instead of gray (I'm lucky, I turned gray instead).  A little more in the way of ventilation works for me but I've not felt overheated in this hat and would consider a replacement if I am ever able to justify one by wearing it out.  The two tone look is something I like.  Get this hat!Very light weight snug secure fit perfect for running on the treadmill as well as other cardio and weight trainingVery comfortable and got as expected.I really like this watch. It looks like it should cost a lot more after I put a real leather band on it. The band it comes with is very cheap looking.Good quality, good fit - received several compliments.Very cute for the price.  It did shrink after washing (warm/cold water).  Size 2T fits my 15 month old 20 lb slightly loose so I put down that it runs a little small.  Color did not run in the wash.I love the look of the shoe.  It is quite versatile.  The fit was fine through the toe area and length, but the heel width was too wide.  A double heel insert was required to keep the shoe from slipping.  I chose to keep the shoes because I have difficulty finding stylish shoes in a small size.  The sole is comfortable during long days on my feet.  The shoe looks nice with casual or dressy attire.i loved them but i wear a womans 11 wide and the heel of the sock was 3 inches above my heel. had to return them and didn't see another sizing option. would love them smaller.I really like this robe, lightweight and compact but warm and modest.this shirt is awesome! love the colour and how it fits. buy it if you are bb fan. Rest In Peace MCAThis ring is beautiful and completes the set with the earrings and the bracelet. Extremely happy with my purchaseAwesome shirts...so soft!:)I like them, however, I should have gotten a 1/2 size smallerGold is making a come back, I have been a silver girl for 20 years now it's time to step it up.  I like this necklace, some have complained that it dents, I have not found that a problem with this.  I think it's good quality and looks timelessly elegant.  I would purchase again.It's absolutely beautiful. Does not turn my finger green and it's very comfortable to wear. Worth every penny. Great gift idea!Husband loves Jockey brand of underwear and these are no exception.  Fit great, comfortable, wash good and last a long time.for someone who sweats lots, anything up close to the under arm is uncomfy and gets wet quick....i live these kimonos as they keep my arms warm, look boho cute and are so soft and don't increase sweat or smell in the armpit area.  the wrist bits get stretched out and can get annoying to have all that fabric pushed up but then fall past the wrist....but i like!!Great item, great deal.Little too long for a average woman.Is so beautiful, but its not authentic because its Made in ChinaI love this wireless Playtex.  No pinching under my breast, which I was experiencing from different brands. Nice shaping.  Stays in place.This bra is simply amazing. Ive been desperately searching for a bra to wear with my backless prom dress (Im a size 38 HH so I cant go braless) and this bra does the trick! Everyone with a large bust needs this bra!!!All but the name on the glass.Good material & Fit.Looks good!Superb! Padded in just the right spots and very comfortable!Tom's can run a little tight even with similar shoes, that's what happened with these. Other than that, they are as expected!I didn't buy these shoes with any intention of wearing them for long periods of time, but they are comfortable. The only problem I had with these shoes was that my feet kept slipping out of them, and I notice I have that problem regardless of what brand of pumps I wear, so I think that's an anatomical flaw on my part. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for comfort.The picture is fine but the pendant seems to be made of bottle caps. I thought this pendant would've given me an allergic reaction but nothing. It's held up very well. I like it more now that I've had it & worn it for a while.This is obviously a high-quality bra with a lot of attention to detail, and it really is the cutest nursing garment I've ever owned! And the nursing clips seem to work just fine. The only disappointment is I thought it would be a padded bra but it's not- the fabric is rather thin. Still, it holds it's shape pretty well and seems comfortable enough so I don't think the padding is a terrible disappointment.Great tights. Fit well. Easy to get on. They stay up and don't roll, which is very important.Really like these shoes - I have trouble finding navy shoes - I was worried about the elastic ankle strap looking cheap. These are perfect - I get compliments all the time - Perfect  Navy  - goes with lots of blues !! Size 6 is y perfect shoe size ad these in a 6 were right on !Just received these boots have not had a chance to try them out.  The fit is great.Good product!I absolutely love this nightgown!  The fit is perfect, and it's so pretty, while being comfortable.  I actually bought two!These are well made, lovely, and comfortable! I love the stitching detail. It makes an average look special. The shaft is on the tight end. For an average calf like mine, they are fine. There's not a lot of room for jeans.Fits wonderfully.  Like this dress and the way it fits my daughter.  Fit for any occasion with the shiny sequeens in frontThis watch is a wonderful "retro" look that hearkens back to the excitement of the fifties.  The rose gold, in particular, is unusual in modern timepieces.Sleeves too short, but I may be too tall.I needed black pants that would hold up to constant moving streching for work. And so far they do. And they are not tight around thighs and knees and movmet is comfortable not restrictive . Only problem i have is that i have to keep pulling up pants even with belt on. Idk maybe should suspenders.  Anyway very good pair of pantsThis is a great coat although it was much too big, I got a size 2T for my two year old and it looks like it will not fit her until she is probably four.Very comfortable from the start. There's no break in time needed like some other ballet flats.This shrug is perfect!  Sleeves are long and it fits perfectly!  I may have to order in more colors!I would order more of these.  They are comfortable and durable,  easy to add layers as the weather turns cooler.Great product
Amazing deal
Super fast shipping
Highly recommend to anyoneMy friend found these to be a little too big so they were returned.  They were really pretty with the sparkly silver across the vamp.Great product, made well, got many compliments. Would buy againVery comfortable !!I was very impressed with the quality of these product.  Each set has three sterling silver chains on different size to meet anyone needs or preferences.  It was delivered on time. I am so happy with this purchase.Great organizer! Came exactly as advertised and I would order it again and recommend to anyone looking to argabize their sunglasses collection I'm 5'2", 23wks (though measuring a bit big) and it fits very comfortably. It's very stretchy, I'm pretty sure I could wear this at 40wks without a problem!Yeslove them!!I love this dress...especially for us full figured girls I ordered this necklace as a replacement for some pendants I have.  I went to a "big box" store and was shocked at how much they cost there. I found this one and thought it'd be perfect and it is.Super comfy, and the price was great!!!Get compliments when I wear it.Yesdaughter lovesI got it for real cheap so it was a great deal, just as long it doesnt fall apart within a year of active use. Its soft leather top and not so stiff outer soul, so breaking-in period was minor.Bought this for my "spiritual" grandchild for her first communion this year.  Went over very well.  Suggest a children's missal placed inside, with a rosary, a pamphlet on how to pray it, with a scapular, as these 2 work best used together, if you can get a priest to enroll the child in the brown scapular.  It only takes a minute to do that if you have a copy of that ritual at hand, look up brown scapular on line for ritual, history, and explanation of why they should be enrolled and wear this sacramental.. A bottle of holy H20 and blessed salt (with explanations on how to use - look up blessed salt on line for that) would be another couple of items to suggest.Fit kids ad well. Good material. I am happy with them. Great give away on birthday party.i bought this for a gift for a friend of mine, she loved it, moved her to tears. The sound of the music box is very good, the box is made well and its a nice size. Looks very pretty, I was very happy with it.I love these boots!  They are perfect for snowy days.  They're very well insulated and so comfy.  I don't wear them on non-snowy days because they're a little TOO warm.  The fit is perfect around the calf and the bungees allow you to tighten for a custom fit.  The leather is soft and supple and beautiful.Nice light fabric!My daughter loved these. I have to admit I've stolen them from her closet and worn them too.Love it!loved  the  shoes  wish they wouldve  fit  were  tooo big. I will update  in regards  to the  customer  service  received  via the  returnso so stunningBeautiful!This is one of my favorite jackets for my son. It is a good wind breaker and also keeps heat in well for some chilly, not yet winter days. The sleeves were a little long but I expected that as my son is a little on the shorter end. All I did was roll them once and they fit him fine now. He looks adorable in it and he likes dinosaurs a lot so that is why I picked out this coat over some others. The dinosaurs on there are cute and he likes to point to them. The yellow inside and zipper definitely adds a nice touch to it so that it doesn't look like a plain black jacket. He even let me keep hood up on his head when he wears it if it is on the colder side outside. I would recommend it as it is made of good quality.Beautiful ring! Took to long for shipping.I love the feel of the beffy tees. This is how a t-shirt should feel, but they are a little on the small size.I do like this item quite a bit. Although there is a cushioned side on top and a flat side on the bottom, it is not always very easy to tell, so you really need to be very careful when opening it because all of your items may end up all over you or on the floor.

It is good for traveling, or keeping small items.

Yes, I would refer this to friends.Runs s little smallEl Producto es bueno lo unico Que el envio lo realizan en Una caja Demasiado grande prrafo el articulo y la compaia de envio Cobran Por El peso y tamano del Mismo Lo Que me ocaciona un costo Elevado y termino Perdiendo Dinerovery prettyIf you are wanting a sock that stays on your baby when they are crawling, this is your product.
They fit, wash well and look so cute on my granddaughters chubby little legs. Not too tight.I like these as weii as my othersorder one size smallerGood product its nice and soft. well made, no complaintsIt was beautiful but a little snug around waist. My daughter didn't care, it made her feel like a princess.The picture makes this look like a slimmer fit. It is not. It's pretty slouchy. It's still cute, though.ar momecona dzan fartxuna :)Excellent - exactly what I wanted!Okay other than the fact that it was delivered broken they are perfect, just like the photo. Was able to crazy glue the two pieces back together, I blame the delivery not the product.Initially received the wrong size (sz 9 in sz 7.5 box); but after receiving the correct size, love this boot. Comfortable for all day wear, stylish. Received lots of compliments on the boot.First one arrived bent.  I mean the box and everything had been folded in half.  True to Amazon's better nature, they sent a call tag to sent it back the next day and the second one was fine.

Where these shine is if you have parts of your house where you want people to remove their shoes.  These make putting shoes back on SO much easier for everyone especially the elderly.  And they're great for everyday use as well.Nice hat. I don't like ball caps. Good quality,  so it seems. Would buy moreThey feel great look good and what else do you want from a pair of shoes?Easy to use and hold up well after several washings.very stretching and figure flatteringAbsolutely beautiful dress. Follow measurements and the dress fit my daughter perfectly.loves them for huntingI bought these for my boyfriend after purchasing the women's version for myself. They fit him well and kept him warm. He doesn't use them often though because they are a bit bulky under his clothes. They kept him warm though on the autumn hikes when he did wear them and were a much better deal than more expensive brands like underarmour.Fabric isn't very soft but not so bad you can't wear it.I received loads of complements for these shoes on my wedding day. I can only wear flats, and these were just fancy enough without being blah.Good quality and fits like it should.Loved the color and toe strap, but think I should have ordered wide. Will send back and keep searching.I love Easy Dpirit slip on shoes. I have three pairs on the go right now. I wear them when walking my dog and for gardening. They fit so comfortably. They are hard wearing and last a while before I need to replace.Boughtfor a special dress  fits ok will work for what I neededExactly what I wantedBought this to take to Disneyland. Worked out great! Holds quite a bit, yet not bulky, lightweight material. Definitely recommend.I had a great experience. Arrived over a week before it was expected. The colors are just as vibrant as the preview, and it fits fantastically. They included a return shipping label and instructions on how to return just in case. They seem like a great company, and the shirt's quality will speak for itself.I ordered the 6 months and up size for my 5 month old, and they fit her very well, not too big and not too small. the quality of the tights is also very good. I ordered the black and the cream colored ones.Amazing shoes !!! Perfect fit, very lightweight, & super fierce style! I would recommend them to everyone! Definitely worth the buy!Pants are a little to big but I whether have too big then too smallThese sandals are very comfortable. I sit in front of a computer for most of the day but on breaks I do walk and they are comfy. Not much arch support but I do have a very defined arch. Otherwise awesome sandals.Perfect!  No complaints here!My grandaughter wanted this costume for Halloween, so we got it and the companion wig. The costume is suprisingly well constructed and sturdy. I bought a size bigger than she wears because it was cold here and she could wear jeans and a shirt under it. It is really cute.I've had a few pair of Birkenstocks over the years - always been a 37. I'm a 7.5 in most other shoes, can be an 8 now though, after having children. I read the reviews and it seemed 7.5 were wearing a 38, and the tool said 39 (!) so I went with the 38. They were WAY too big. I recently received my 37s and they fit perfectly. I've been wearing them around the house to break them in. Can't wait for the weather to warm up - these will be my every day shoes!These boots are great and right on trend. I ordered my normal size and they fit fine. I have wide calves and these boots stretch to fit. My only complaint is that they don't stay up for long.These are wonderful.  Fit perfectly and the memory foam insoles feel heavenly.  Love these shoes.This is a very elegant wrap.  It looks very expensive.  It is the right weight and the sheen is great.A beautiful veil!Wore this at church and was pleased with the fit and look.Fit well and exactly as expected. Solid 2XL size as compared to other shirts. Nice graphics and the silk-screen quality is top-notch. Only thing keeping it from 5-stars is the thinner fabric. I like thicker fabric when wearing a T-Shirt. I see the thinner fabric as a cost-cutting measure. Seems like this is happening more and more with textiles of all kinds. Still a good shirt.This shoe is really cute, I like the look of it.  But the back is ill-formed and my heel slips out of it.  The general width is fine and the toe opening if comfortable.  I'm going to have to try and find some type of shoe insert to fill the gap at the back of the shoe.Haven't used it yet, but a little flashier in person than the photo on line.  Will definitely find a time and place to use it, though.Good water shoes for kids, some sand gets inside but overall works well.love the color, shape  but material isn't what I expected.  thought it would be softer.  outer sheer part feels like cheap polyester.In 2010 I bought an Onyx that is almost identical to this at Nordstrom.  It was black and exactly the same except for the broad white leather strap across the instep and also the sole was flat across the bottom.  I love and still wear the original which gives better support and more flexibility across the instep.  I was hoping that the new one would be the same but it is not as good as the first purchase. The new one is pretty but I will only wear it on occasion whereas the original pair I wear at every opportunity.Great product for the price. As other reviews mention, the booty is very cheeky. I'd say the front is as wide as the back. I invested in some other bottoms to go with the fun top because nopeProducts by Chinese Laundry are always good quality, these shoes are hard to find in store. They are perfect for pageants to wear throughout the entire competition, they are also perfect for matching anything! They are nice quality, and seem to be durable, I will be wearing them at my next competition! If you would like to purchase Tippy Tops, check out 2Die4 Boutique. They have great customer service! After ordering shoes from them that were defective they quickly and promptly called me & made sure I got the best pair of shoes at the best price!This runs a little small. It barely fit my really son. He is also n average height and the pants were barely long enough. It did hold up for his dinner at school. The headed had to be let out to fit his head and the single feather broke really easily within the first 5 minutes. Overall for the price and what we needed it for It worked.Size runs small.It is a well made product and does what it was intended to do. It keeps your feet warm and helps to prevent the wearer from slipping on smooth floors.very comfy i got the biggest size because i like bigger shirts when i sleep the fabric feels nice and its very lightVery Nice my daughter loved it for her daddy he is her hero :)I gifted this to my uncle. He loves it and it keeps him warm.Nice soft material  and great soothing colors. Washed in warm water and dried. Kept shape but shrunk a little.  Still fit. Very cute for baby boy.I thought they would be more padded.Nice quality leather.  Arrived on time. Looked as it did in the photo.
Only problem, was that it was too small for my neck.  I plan on keeping it, and using it for an armband.Love love themGreat!Cumpli mis expectativas  Muy lindoThe best part about this bra is that the straps connect to the back band in what they call a "kicked in" manner, so you don't have the straps slip off your shoulder, like mine often do.  However, there are two negatives to this bra - the first is that the cups feel a bit skimpy - I always have worn a 36B in Wacoal bras and these cups are smaller.  I have purchased a 36C, hoping the cup will fit better. The other thing is that while it does not bother me that much, the 'lace' band in the back may be itchy for those who are sensitive to that sort of thing.Received the shoes on time.  Only tried them on and they fit perfectly.  Can't wait to use them outdoors for the real test.  Very satisfied so far.They look great on my wife but they run small lucky for me I bought them 1 or 2 sizes bigger she was insulted until she put them on and an 8 is really a 6.Yes the size was OK he like wearing to too the opening show of Star Trek. The color was perfect alsoDaughter loves it. Soft and warm.fells goodGood price for a shemagh.  Had it over one year with semi-regular use and the color is still the same and it isn't unraveling.You'll feel like a fairy in this dress. Handwash this dress alone first, the dye runs off. After a few hand washings, it's safe to wash on delicate in the machine - but always, always drip dry.great qualityThough nice and fuzzy on the inside, not quite as breathable and seasonally versatile as my smartwool socks.  But definitely a great purchase for a reasonable price.Great umbrella.  Love itI think the quality could be better for the price, I don't think it is really silk it seems more like chiffon or something. Pretty colors, just was expecting something better.Very beautiful colors in person extremely good qualityJust needed something to change into quickly on the farm and not track in the fall mud on the farm. Did not give 5 stars because I loved my all leather moccasins, that I had for years and our 11 month old boxer pups ate, and I could not find anything quite like them. I don't think these will last more than a year or so because they are suede leather and don't seem early as well made. But my twin boxers are only 11 months and I imagine they made get these two - they don't seem to bother anyone's shoes but mine. Meanwhile, these are really warm but not too hot and very comfortable. If the pups find these, I will buy another pair just like them.Even though they are somewhat smaller than expected, they did fit, and they look great.  Bear in mind that they come un-hemmed.  You have to take them to an alterations place for hemming.  I had a cuff put in them at the same time - very sharp!  Nice weight fabric and hold their body during the day without excessive wrinkling.  Very happy with my purchase.  Will be buying a pair of the same trousers in navy blue and black.Great jewelry box! Reasonably priced for the excellent quality.  The box came beautifully wrapped. Very satisfied customer!Necklace was fine, however, I ordered gift-wrapping but it was not wrapped. I feel I am due a refund for the lack of gift-wrapping.Love these shoes.  Very comfortable.I have used it under a shirt and under a skirt. It does ride up slightly when used under a skirt but still does better than the things meant to be used under skirts. I even had to use it once as a tube top because it was so hot out and it definitely reveals all of the imperfections if you have any so I wouldn't do that again. Quality is good.Cute and totally handy bag!  I bought it for trip to NYC and I WALK ALL DAY when I go there. It has zippered pockets in front and back so it's easy-access for your Metro card, eyewear, phone etc.  Plus I was able to tote around a water bottle and sweater!  Would recommend to all!Nice crop for the summer ! Lot of compliments Very cute sandals, I normally wear a 71/2, went with a size 8 and they fit perfectlyIts a belt buckle, good weight.Not as nice as a Pro Walker " but a good shoe for the price.the strap is a bit too short for my friend's thick wrist and we needed to spend another 30 dollars on a matching band. Still very nice.nice comfortable shoes, i would order 1/2 size bigger than normal next time though.Perfect fit for my son.  Nice quality garment--holds up well to repeated washings....because he won't take it off!!!  lol.GreatWAY TOO BIG !!  Wish I was able to purchase the correct size,they are super comfortable!! I normally wear a size 8.5-9 but  I think maybe a 7 would've fit. Sadly sending them back.Works great!It's very pretty and I'm excited that it's chlorine resistant.  It does fit a little bit larger than my other bathing suits that are the same size, but it's okay.Keeps the balding head warm and have received many positive comments.They fit and look great.  They smell awful.  Whatever preservative they used is quite excessive.  Very little support.  If you're flat footed, get some inserts!Great quality just run on the small side. Eish we had ordered a size larger than my bf usually wearsPerfect!Excellent watch! The display is large, but clean-looking.  The backlight is great in any low-light sitauation.  There's lots of features that I'll never use, but it seems that there's one for any need you have.
My only complaint is that the watch band isn't bendy enough to conform to your wrist well, and its non-breathable texture makes your wrist kinda sweaty.  That can be easily replaced though.
I would recommend this watch to anyone!Perfect for my Tieks!This is a great small wallet.  I like to keep my insurance cards, license and other little used cards in it along with some cash for emergencies.  This way my wallet is not bulging with cards and if I need to go out quickly, I just grab this little wallet and I'm good to goreally like the pockets and style, but a little smaller than size statedThis was a inexpensive, durable pair of glasses that complemented my costume with the exact style and flare I was longing for. Super duper cool beans glasses! I'm not sure how these could be educational though (seems pointless to have that rating). . . I guess if you were teaching someone what Harry Potter glasses looked like . . . For this reason, I will give it 5 educational stars!Just what I expected!This is a great looking boot, and fits as expected.  Definitely not waterproof, but your feet shouldn't get wet unless you're stepping into puddles.  I've applied a good amount of Sno-Seal on my pair and it has helped make them more water resistant (but again, not waterproof, especially around the moc toe).  No insulation, so wool socks are key if these will be worn in the winter.  Very comfortable, and solid without being overly heavy.great 8)The material of the jeans is very good, was a little loose on my daughter but that's no problem. The only downside to the black jeans is that when washed it gets a lint on it but overall happy with the purchase.Fits good but too long. And I have a long torso. This is good for someone over 5Ft 8inch tall with long torso. I am 5' 7 1/2".Exactly what I was looking for! Great price also!FUN FEATHERS, HOW CAN I SAY IT ANY BETTER.  IT MADE THE MARDI GRAS PARTY FUN TO LOOK GREAT. WOOO HOO.I love the product, it is very good!UPDATE!!!  I just received my purse yesterday and today was the first day wearing it.  I have uploaded a picture and its already coming apart on the edge.  I won't be returning it because I know how to fix it and I love the color.  But I was going to buy a black and brown one but I won't be now :(

I love my bag.  It's bigger than I thought, which I like very much.  The color is beautiful and true to the picture.  Only downfall is that the seems of the purse has been glued together and I feel like it will eventually come apart after a while.  So it might not be good as an everyday purse.Works as a costume wig for one night.I love the design of the watch, particularly the face, which is very clean and retro-looking.  I love the mechanical movement because of the smooth way the second hand sweeps around, which is more aesthetically pleasing than the jerky motion of a quartz movement.  I keep it on a winder so I don't have to reset it after a couple days of not wearing it. It seems to gain about a minute a day, which is about on a par with my other mechanical watches, some of which cost much more.  For a watch of this price, I thought the leather band should have been a little higher grade.  Generally, though, I am quite pleased with this purchase.I was hoping for a very supportive, but good looking shoe. I love the look, but there was not as much support as I had hoped. I'm on my feet all day. I can still wear them all day, though, with just a little discomfort.Exactly what I was looking for.  Thanks.The quality product is really nice but the half length is too short. Kept it because I intend to give out as a gift to my niece.The most comfortable shoe my feet have ever known.  The style is...well cloggish, but the comfort level is a 10 and better than slippers.  I can wear this shoe all day and my feet feel good. If there is a fitflop wish fairy I would ask for the same shoe in a soft leather rather than suede.Best Belt EVER!!!!So cute!Sharp looking but practical work shoes. Very supportive and fit very well.I was aware that this supplier's clothing ran very small and I would normally take a US size 6.  I therefore ordered a large and I am totally happy with the purchase.  I am also 5' 2'' and would usually purchase petite sizes. This product may not be suitable for tall ladies. The material and sewing is of good quality.After returning the shoe x2 finally had to just order bigger size I never wore a 7 "but this shoe is cut very small, my shoe size is 6 so make sure you order sizes up. Other then that nice shoeThey're a little too tall but otherwise nice lookingLove the feel, not too hot or tight, which allowed them to slide down a few times a shift.These shoes are super comfortable and are perfect for my morning runs.Good watch....wish it had a day of the month window...but thats it...not easy to see  in the dark, but solid and think, and can get wet.Everything as advertisedI bought this as a present for my daughter, and she loves it.  She told me that it fits great, is comfortable, and gives excellent support while exercising.  She wants  MORE.  And that's saying a lot!Love, love, love these boots! Very classy look and feel good on. Eye catchers. True to size. Guess now I need to learn how to country dance.This hat is decent quality and the camo pattern is particularly good for winter urban use.  Sizes seem to run a little small and the large fits fine now but will be too small if it shrinks after washing.Very lovely well made dress. The top is a lightweight but completely opaque fabric and the front does have good coverage. The bottom fabric much thicker (and heavier) with a wonderful smooth feel.  I'd describe the colors as vanilla latte and deep vibrant orange.  The pattern is beautiful.  Also, i was surprised by the slit in the bottom in the front that goes all the way to the waistband. Note that it does run large.Not for an infant at all. My son is a 6 month old who is the size of a1 year old and its huge on him. But it soo cute on himSo I bought this for my brother for his birthday.  He arrived to my house and right then my sink plugged up.  He spent the next hour taking apart my plumbing and then grilled dinner for us all.  Right after that he opened his present and said "Okayest"?  My timing might have been off.Extremely comfortable and light.Fast shipping and good price!Fit is spot on. Glad I could find white leather!fully satisfied and restedBeautiful designs and stitching but the strap was thin and flimsy.Very comfortable but not very supportive for overpronatorsIt's a very pretty sandal.  It runs a little small so I'd buy at least a half size larger.  Haven't worn them for more than an hour so I'm not sure yet of how durable they are.I was looking for good slippers to leave at my parent's home due to their wood floors.  These sounded cushy yet supportive.  They did provide good cushioning and a sturdy bottom which allowed me to step out on the deck or driveway even when wet outside. They were a little smaller than I thought they'd be.  If planning to possibly wear with docks I recommend buying  to q size larger.  I may order some for home and will order a bit larger. Sturdy,  well priced,  and comfy.groovy!These are jeans my husband wears to work. They comfortable and affordable.This is a wonderful overnight bag for my daughter, fits everything she ever needs in there and we absolutely love hello kitty!!Looks nice but didn't come with watch band pins.overpricedThese are insanely comfy and the memory foam is amazing! Great quality shoe!!Good fit and exceptional quality. Exactly what I wanted.I like the look of the shoe. They are very flat, so if you need a bit of a heel these might not be for you. The only downside about the shoe is that when I walk they make the loud slapping noise that flip flops do.Love it! ,Liked the tee very much but there was a 1-inch diameter dirty spot of the back.I love the dress super cute.Just love itGood looking and comfortable.Used this with a group of friends for a school Halloween parade, it was pretty funny. Don't expect to use the Goatee more than one.This watch wonder is huge! I love it, way better than I expected.The most wonderful shoes in the worldNice material.Just a little too short. I'm a tall person and would have liked it hanging just a lower.  But,  I do like how is made and the quality.
I bought this in August 2016, now Nov 2016 the back pocket has a hole at the bottom. Very unhappy with this.These are comfy!  I really like the smooth surface.  If I didn't have to wear clothes over them, I'd be feeling my own butt all day, so I suppose it's good that I have to wear clothes.  Plus, there's just something about knowing you are wearing panties that match your bra, whether or not anybody else will see them, that makes you feel super classy.  However, had I not also bought the bra that they match, I wouldn't have bought these.  I don't really like spending $10 on underpants, but having them to match the bra makes them worth it for me.I was helping my students locate affordable attire for prom and we came across this.  It worked very well and was budget-friendly.  Not as fancy shmancy as the vest that would come with a rented suit or tux, but I think my kids looked as good as all the rest and no one could tell the difference unless you were right on top of them, staring, and over-analyzing.  We also bought one in blue from the same company and it was just as nice.  Will definitely be suggesting these to my kids who need them again next year.Runs big bug good scrubs for the priceGood price, fast shippingIts funny how many people actually read my t-shirt, and even funnier how it seems to strike a nerve on some people. I might order more from this brand.My granddaughter loved the Dress she look great.  The quality was good and I would recommend this to my friends.
Better then I expectedThe sandals are amazing but it sizes to small than i xpectI have been looking for this shoe all summer, it was worth the wait.  Classy looks and a comfortable fit, runs just a bit big.My 3rd trip and its holding up fine. Nice finish that doesnt show scratches.  As in other reviews, the zipper could be better as you have to work it around the corners. I love the way it opens as opposed to a clamshell.This hat arrived with that worn in look and feel. It fit true to size and i couldn't be happier. It fits almost more like a bucket hat than a boonie.This was one of the best purchase I made. By the description I read I got exactly what I wanted.Drives the women nutsgranddaughter loved her maskGreat everyday shoe. Light weight & stylish.I love this product, it looks and feels great. it is true to size, and arrived really fast, in a week in a half. i am very happy and it is made with great qualityPERFECTBought these for walking Vegas...very surprised at how comfortable they are as I require a support for high arch.  Love them!These are not daily work boots but with extra kick when you need them the most. Whether you are in rain, snow or on desert these are the ones you really need. It can take the beating so its called Tactical!! There are many others that does the same thing but might be too pricy or cheaper but I like these and haven't had any problem lately. Chek it out you will not be disapointedMet expectations, fast delivery, very very cute. My grandson loves it!This is a nice inexpensive silver chain. I like a thicker chain, but this one pleases my wife. Be careful no to jerk on the chain as it is breakable.It was a great fit. Looks just like the picture.Love them!!!
The shipping tooked too long. But as soon as I recieved the gloves, I forgot the delay.
They fit Perfect.
I want to buy another pair.This ring is beautiful for being "costume" jewelry.  I get so many compliments on it too.  It came in a velvet jewelry bag with a drawstring.  It is very well made and I have no complaints with how the ring is designed or put together.  It doesn't get caught on things either.  It cleans beautifully and sparkles in the sunlight and indoor lights.  I think it looks great worn upside down or right side up.  There really is no "right" way to wear it.  I got the size 8 so I could wear it on my middle finger or index finger.  I absolutely love it and it symbolizes the luck I have had in life so I wear it 24/7.
I received the ring complimentary in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.great shoes if you need a heavy duty dance support .SUPER cute - only downside is it's a lot of snapping parts on. I have a very patient toddler and was therefor tickled to death to have this for Thanksgiving - but if you have a less than patient toddler, maybe not the costume for you.Love it, for it matches the theme: Jungle/ Lion KingHad to have 2 links removed, but fits like a charm now!!These watches are very classy looking. I was pleasantly surprised. I  bought them to wear to work but they are so nice  I changed my mind and plan on wearing the watches when I go out.. The quality is excellent and they look very expensive. The watches look like a a very classy bracelet watch. I bought these on a lighting deal. I wished I had bought several more. for Christmas presents.  Very comfortable to wear. I highly recommend buying this watch set I hope this helped you out.These pants fit great. I'm 5'8 115lbs and the XS tall is a little big for me. I'm used to that though so I'm very pleasedVery warm. Fits well around ears and neck with room in the top for air circulation. Uber soft and comfortable.This bracelet is long enough that I wear it as an ankle bracelet.  However, I have to be very aware of any pill on the connecting chain, because it is very thin.  I receive many compliments on it and would buy it again.these are the best fitting, longest wearing socks on the market, I believe.  I have wasted too much money on inferior socks in the past.Like the quality but the tops are just a bit short. Maybe my gut's the problem. Well made, though! :-)This nighty is really comfy, but order up a few sizes, as other reviewers have noted. The adjustable straps are nice, as is the sleep mask.Bought this for my wife and it works great, no problems, when this watch is compared ti a more expensive product its not much of a difference.Slapped this on a gator strap, and this watch looks like a million bucks.

The specs of this watch would impress any watch enthusiast for the value.

GREAT VALUE and a wonderful watch for any level collection.Talk of the poolLOVE THIS TOP!!!!  One of my favorites for the season.Beautiful!!awesome item.  the only drawback being I did not realize it did not have a date window/wheel.Please read the product description which includes a size chart that indicates that Japanese sizing is EXTREMELY different than American sizing. I normally wear a small/medium and have this tank in an XL and some other items from these brand in XXL. The size chart indicates a US 6-8 is XL in their sizing. Don't leave a 1 star review because you can't read.  They have a unique style and are very comfortable. I love this top. This top is appropriate for early pregnancy and during nursing and beyond. It's one of my favorite tops no matter what season of motherhood I'm in. I love the extra (nursing) panel inside because I loathe American styling which leaves your bust hanging out of every single top. Modest but still stylish.Nice comfy dress but just a bit small . Pic of my camera looks a bit  different,  that because of the  flashI use this for larger jewelry, it is just what I needed. No surprises, it's exactly what the description said. It stacks well with my other trays.Great print!  My dad loved it and is adding it to his collection of bandanas.  So happy with the detail of the design.Looks good, feels good, comfortable, light weight. Was skeptical about red, but really like it. My actual size is 10.5, but with this i had to go with 10.0. I think the sole is some what slippery on wet smooth surface.Larger than I expected, but not uncomfortably large. Fine for the price.REALLY pretty colors! This definitely makes a statement. It is made well.They were a little too big for my taste, but they are as pictured and came packaged very nicely with lots of styrofoam and bubble wrap to make sure they did not break or poke holes in the package.The Northside Women's shoes are very comfortable and you can just slip them on. You can wear them just about everywhere!These are great jeans! Sized correctly, although I didn't think they would fit at first. Taking them out of the package they seemed so small. They were very tight in the legs but after getting them on I realized they have sooooo much stretch to them in the waist and hips. The legs are just fitted VERY well. I ordered a size up to be safe, and they look good. They don't look too big. And they make your butt look great! Definitely love these!!!I love these shoes!Great jeans, but they run small.  Go up a full size.  My daughter ordered medium and she needed a large.  Typically wears a size 7.Love them, and they arrived a day early which made it for her birthdayThis is a great Garfield print. So much better than what is pictured. It is a really fun scrub top.I was pleasantly surprised.  It fit well and wore well too!Its a very nice pair of shoes, though not too comfortable due to minimal of padding. The beads are very nice and very well placed.  Very well made overall.Little snug around ankle but overall, good fit.Great shirt! But large feels like XLLove these jeans.This is the best fitting bra I've ever gotten so far, but it's just almost perfect.  Looks good, smooth under clothing, slimming and doesn't feel like I bought a brick house for my chest. The lace at the top stretches so it lies flat with no quad boob, gore tacks perfectly, magic separation without a too high gore. I have a tiny amt of space at the bottom of the cups because of having wide root, full on top breasts, so the band also slides down in the front a tiny bit instead of staying put, but for as difficult a time as I have finding bras in my size that suit my body shape I'm actually quite happy. I'm going to try another Panache in a larger cup size. For reference I'm a 32H or 34GG - H and cannot wear any bras with a high gore. Freya bras don't fit as the cups are too small across the top. Panache Cleo 32H is the only bra that seems to fit perfectly but are hard to find. Panache Elan don't work because the center gore comes up too high and  rubs against the breast tissue.. the search continues..All six undershirts fit well (as expected), and the design is perfect. Maybe I would have gotten away by ordering size L, but XL is ok. My only 'observation' -if any- is that the fabric feels a little bit thin.Awesome shirtI love this shoes.  The only things is the color is brighter than it look on the picture. But still everyone love them.Sleeve length just right,zips and fastens very good,shoulder fit just right good color, blocks out all the wind.removable. hood kind of awkwardFew inches shorter than 19" but nice fabric.It's so coolOutfit fit a little large, especially the shoes but none the less was a super cute outfit.  Everyone loved my daughter in it! :)Fits ok, just somewhat a little tight for being a wide shoe.Super cute, planning to wear for our beach honeymoon. Quality seems good, would recommend.Liked these shorts other than the leg opening are quite large.These boots look great and I loved the color. They fit my foot well but the boot shaft is way too small and I needed to return them.Ordered 12.5 fits more like 13.5They work perfectI gave these as a gift and they loved them. Very good quality and design for a low price. I would recommend these 100%.CuteFine product convenient to purchase, but pricey.I received this charm from the manufacturer at no cost for evaluation during the product's launch, and here are my observations.

The faceted Murano glass January birthstone charm is utterly beautiful. Garnets are my favorite semi-precious stones, and the rich red color of this glass looks remarkably similar to the color of my actual garnet jewelry. Smooth to the touch yet meticulously faceted, the glass draws in light then reflects it from the angles producing a gorgeous depth of color that draws the eye.

Measuring 14.08mm around, by 8.52mm wide, the charm has a silver core engraved with "Tinysand S925" on each side to signify that that it's genuine sterling silver, and the seller provides the additional assurance that Amazon has inspected and certified the authenticity of the silver content as well. The center has a 4.38 diameter opening to allows it to fit Pandora style snake chain bracelets or necklaces perfectly.

This is a gorgeous charm that can be worn by itself or with other charms a Pandora bracelet or strung on a necklace. It looks beautiful on my Pandora snake chain bracelet and it also looks great on my leather Pandora style bracelet. The depth of color, clarity of the glass, smooth finish, and meticulously polished and engraved silver core of this charm is outstanding. I think it's a terrific value at this price.Perfect!Great scrubsI've worn New Balance running shoes (even thought I'm not a runner) for years but the tops are always mesh and cool/cold this time of the year. I ordered these because the tops are all leather and warmer. Nice shoes but not quite as comfortable as the better running shoes.These socks are very warm.I love the shoes. They're very comfortable as they flex and bend when you move. I would NOT recommend them for anyone who has high arches. They have little arch support. I don't have high arches so I find the fit of sole is very good and it is cushioned just enough. I would say they have a little more cushioning than a pair of Chuck All Stars.

My only complaint is that they are a bit narrow. This is the reason for the one star reduction. For me a product has to fit my needs exactly to earn that 5th star.Excellent product. Seller 100% responsible.I really like this tank.  I needed a racer-back so I bought this in 2 colors and love them so I ordered the third color.  I have this is nude, white and black now.  It is very soft and stretchy, perfect for a foundation piece.They have tendency to run big ...  Most Birkenstocks do at least for women if you are a half size. Just trial and error now that store don't stock them . I bought my first pair in the late 60's and still wear the same size....comfortableVery cute top. The color is not quite as pictured but I didn't mind. It is really a lovely topIt is a see-through type, which I did not expect. It is thin. It get dried quick when hanged. It can be folded flat.Runs small. But I love them.Top notch quality item for a Vietnam Skytrooper!Great boot wear them almost everydayThis is a great gift! The shaped cat gift box is just as fantastic. My daughter absolutely loves this! Granted it is not a super high end product that would cost you a lot of money, it is not designed to be that. It is a great quality product for the price.Very stiff; hope they get better with time.This have a very attractive cut, with the waist being slightly higher than many modern jeans - but not so that they look like they're out of the 90s or something. The legs are slightly wider cut below the knee than is common nowadays as well. The measurements are a little off; it calls itself 36" waist and 32" leg, but in reality they fit more like a 34" waist and 34" leg--so keep that in mind when ordering. They are very comfortable and the dye wash is nice looking. The front pockets are deep enough for a paperback (if it's not over, say, 400 pages). I only took off a star because of the advertised sizing being a little off, but having read other reviews I actually ended up with the right size for me - so I really love them.They are absolutely gorgeous - just what I wantedLove this fleece-lined headband. Comfortable, warm and stylish. Arrived much sooner than expected.VERY nice  back pack. Countless small storage pockets all over the interior, doubt anyone would ever use them all. Very comfortable even if heavily loaded. Designed to be a small day pack or a heavier back country hiking pack. Has a zippered cover that can be stowed away inside it own pouch when using the wearing harness, OR use the cover to hide the harness when used as a travel pack for aboard planes/bus, etc. The padded mid pouch is great for safely storing a tablet or average size lap top. The top carry handle is heavy construction and appears to be very durable. Very nice. Ive had another Wenzel pack for over 30 years, and the quality that was there back then is still there today.Love these shoes. Extremely comfortable and solid as you'd expect Merrell to be but at a great priceThese are my new favorite layering pieces.  Significant stretch - not too clingy.  Washes well, sleeves plenty long was a particular boon for me (I'm 5'8").Great product for the price, tungsten is non scratched easily, hence it looks great all the timeA gift for my son.  If it were my size I would steal it.  Very cool Zep shirt.Just two words -  "Freakin' Great!" The best gun belt I've bought.It doesn't fit as expected. But I like itOrdered for wife she wears a 16/18 and was a little worried it wouldn't fit since her other one from same company was a size larger but it fit perfect.Very good quality. what you see on pics it what you get.Discovered croc flip flops this year and have one of every color..... 70 with heel spursOrder larger than your size.Fits well. Light weight shoeThese socks are very cozy. Haven't washed them yet, so I don't know if they will shrink. If so, they would be too small for me, and I have just regular sized feet. I wear size 9 shoes and the heels on these socks creep down to the sole of my feet after wearing for awhile. Good quality but would be better if foot portion was longer.I love the design and it is very comfortable.  After a lot of walking, the bottom of my foot gets a little aggravated by the massaging footbed, otherwise I would have given these 5 stars.I have always wanted a strappy harness to wear over tshirt but I have been hesitant due to having a fuller chest. I usually wear a 40D or 38DD so I was worried about a chest piece that is one size. Luckily for me, the straps are made of a stretchy material so it fits! It is a little snug around the rib area but is still comfortable enough for me to move in. I wore this for several hours the other night and it was completely comfortable. It did not pull on my neck or leave indentations on my skin.
When the package arrived it just came in a plastic bag. It took me like 10 minutes to get it all straighten out and figure out where all the straps go. I hung it up on a hanger with clothes pins holding it in place so I don't have to deal with that again. The piece has really interesting line work so the pattern can really add to a plain tshirt. The piece around the neck and around the ribs is held together with a little hook. Not once did it slip out and it is easy to put on yourself. I can see myself wearing this on either of the fabric. One side is a darker more matte material while the other is a shiner silk material. I am really loving this piece so far and I look forward to thinking of new way to spice up some outfits.
In compliance with Amazon policy, I would like to disclose that I received this product at a discounted price with the acknowledgment that I would leave an honest review. The review above is my unbiased opinion after testing the product myself. I hope you found the information helpful!The product has already served it purpose when I first received it. I wear scarves/Hijabs everyday so this was my most anticipated color and I love the length. I am actually coming back to buy another one for a friend. I love it and will be back ThxGreat jacket. Lightweight and warm for Fall or early Winter. Jacket runs somewhat small, so I recommend ordering a size up.Good quality, nice tight money clip.realy like it.I have previously bought this style in size 6, fit perfect. Ordered size 6 again too small, returned (which was very easy to do) ordered size 7, just a bit small but was afraid the 8 would be too big. Wished they came in 1/2 sizes.I like the brief case a lot but one of the rivets that hold the main strap on fell off the first day. I already tossed the old briefcase so I did send it back. I am having a local shoe maker fix the strap. other then for that, it was a good value.These are my first pair of chaco's and i absolutely love them !! They shipped really fast too and got here within a couple of days !!! They are so comfortable and fit perfectly !!! I am so thankful that they offered 10 c/d ! If you have a wide foot i would recommend getting a wide in these shoes ! Your feet will love youbeautiful watch, my daughter loves iti love these jeans will be ordering more from this companyLove the look, and really pleased that they are real leather. Look good but not the most comfy shoes you will find.Great pants.Fits fine.  Navy blue could be a bit darker.These were gifts and ALL were Loved !!!The goods are excellent and I liked very recommend everyone purchase of the product and the speed and access to postal ExcellentLove the fit and all of the pocketsOnly thing that I miss is the speaker that meant I could carry out a conversation without needing to actually pull out my phone. Other than that, this is one very slick watch.One of my favorite shirt now. Fit perfectJust what I wantedLove themI really like these shoes.  They are so comfortable and cute!  *I received this product at discount in exchange for an honest review.Its nice and comfortable !!It was very nice. It was just a little too long for me.Good quality, fun styles, quick delivery. My husband loves these socks. They make dressing up for work a little more fun.My mom doesn't normally wear anything on her wrists or neck but she loves this watch! She has been a watch fanatic for many years and she came across this one and fell in love with it. The shipping was on point and arrived on time. I really like the fact that the carrier didn't just leave it at the door when my mom wasn't home the first time to accept it. I believe the shipper wouldn't allow them to leave it due to it being an expensive product, which I am glad they wouldn't let them do that.Great fit and support. Highly recommend it.  Best nursing bra I have had yet.only issue was the pants and were too big everything else fit great.Perfect fit!  Stylish and comfortable!very soft. like the bright blueExcellent deal.This is indeed a pretty sweet wallet. It holds all of my stuff with plenty of pockets & compartments.  Seems to be well made so it should hold up nicely.I have tiny hands and wear a size 5 ring. I can BARLEY get this on my ring finger. But it is cute,not to uncomfortable.... my ocd dose notice that the octopus only has 6 legs thought... o. OI wear a size 6, but these were a tiny bit too large. I got shoe petals for the front, and moleskin for the backs, and that pretty much fixed the problem. I would have given them 4 stars for that reason, but they were so comfortable that I I gave it back it's star. I wore them for a whole evening, and I had no problems. I would definitely recommend sizing down so you don't have to bother with stuffing the shoes. Really, these are so great! Highly recommendedGoodvery comfy! Good for casual or business.The Go Flex Skechers are so comfortable. I wore them all day at Coney Island and it was like walking on air.
They are very attractive and go with any outfit.Bought for my husband and he liked it but did say that the watch face was a bit large and made for an awkward fit on his wrist. But for the quality and price it was a great buy.Great my waist is a little smaller.I ware a 7 the hat is a little snug, sharp looking hat though. The boys loved the feather.It fits well and sure keeps my head cool.  I just do not know what I would do without it.  I am going to get a spare, so I always have one in the frig getting cold.I bought this shirt for my daughter. I know its a mans shirt but she loved it. The shirt has  black flecks so I put her letters in black turn out very pretty.hi
some days ago
i received Hoodi.
It's very good and fahionable but it is very dark i expected.
anyway very goodlove!I got this handsome boots with super discount.  It fits perfectly on me. If I would pay the retail price, I may demand this boots need the liner attached to inside and little more cushion on the bottom.  But very comfortable.See my review for the Sapphire set.it is really good to carry books...i would give it a five star but it doesnt have patting in the strap so after a while of carrying books/laptop your shoulders start to hurt...almost perfect...but it did replace my backpack though :)Very nice productFast delivery.  Good quality for price.  Small, but that's what I wanted.Nice jacket. It says unisex and the small is more like a men's medium which is the only complaint. The light material makes it awesome for a hot kitchenThis is my 2nd pair and just find they are perfect. I am glad I can get a 1/2 size...that's what I will do next time to feel good about giving it a 5 star rating.Very nice pair of gloves.  Perfect weight and perfect fit.I am very picky about my socks because I purchased plenty of socks over my lifetime that did not sit right on the foot, had not washed right, or fell apart, or had endless threads and fabric come off in the shower. This brand and socks fit as expected, are comfortable, hold up well in the wash and do not come apart. I bought a second set after experiencing the first.Let's face it, no little boy's shoes are going to last nomatter how well they're built.  These have held up pretty well so far to their first week of intense abuse.  I expect that they will reach the end of their lives at about the same rate as every other shoe, but because they light up and have a 'button' on them, they are delighting more than any shoe to date.

Differentiators:
- great sturdy velcro strap that I don't forsee breaking before the shoes wear out (which often happens - especially with other Sketchers)
- nice fit
- fun button feature for kids (and good feature for preschool teachers who are tired of looking at feet lighting up)
- nice design and colors
- should last a few months at least

Recommend these despite the lofty price tag.These boots are not only cute, but very comfortable (and warm). I wore them for the first time during an outdoor snow festival and they kept me warm for the entire trip. The reviews stated the boots ran small so I ordered a size 9 (I usually wear an 8 1/2). They came a little big, but with thick socks they fit comfortably. I would recommend these.Very sturdy and has lots of room. Highly recommendFit well and light and easyNice looking and very functionslVery GoodThey came a little awkwardly smashed so I have had to break them in more than most shoes. Otherwise, I like the shoes and have bought the same pair in the past.Great cycling sunglasses and use it for golfing.Very comfortable, soft, easy to wash and wear and lasts a long time.Great for mid level distanceThis boot feels very sturdy.  It's perfect for the freezing stormy winter we are having this year.  If anything, I wish it came in a taller version. Otherwise, I am quite pleased with it.It's a nice leather wallet, for me  I can give a five start on it, very nice made a lot of room for money, my only concern is there's no much room for pictures I mean wallet pictures, but more on it's very nice Made so I highly recommend this, so if you are looking for a nice leather wallet  this is it,,,, and it come with a nice box,,,,Great fit hope they wash well! I will buy more!My shoe size is weird general is 10 or 41 , and in general I buy pumps shoes, with holder, but this shoes that I bought size 41 make pull out my feet , I bought this straps and work pretty well, just one thing if I wear all day make my feet a little bit swelled.These did the job for a charity gala I was in my feet all night and I don't wear heals. So these were just comfortable enough and priced right. Might never wear again but don't feel guilty about it!Good shoes.  Good quality build, but a bit narrower and shorter than expected.  Took a while to stretch to fit my foot.Good price and good quality.IT WAS TO SMALL ALREADY RETURNED IT AND I WILL ORDER A BIGGER SIZE BECAUSE I REALLY LIKE THE SHIRTMy husband got this costume for Halloween to please our son who just LOVES Buzz.
So dad is his hero and Buzz is his hero, a perfect match.
Dad was a SUPER hero with Halloween.

It is a one-piece and snug. My husband wears normally everything in Large. But we bought this costume in XL just to make sure it would fit him.
He is 6ft 4in and has a normal posture.
I think he wore it twice and can still wear it next Halloween if he wants to.

For our 2,5 year old it was a big hit, better as daddy dressed up as draculaLove em!I wore the Tarriss RFID Blocking Money Belt on a 17-day trip recently and noted no problems.  The belt was comfy!  TSA requires that everything be removed from pockets and under clothing, including money belts, for their inspection procedures.  Just fold the belt in half so that the zipper side (with the RFID blocking material) shows and put it in your carry-on for the short time this procedure takes.I rated this item a five star.  It fits great, lifts and supports. The color I purchased was the pink and black.  I love it and will be purchasing more of these bras in the future.Overall good.just what my husband wanted.  This is the second belt we have bought from this company.I liked it a lot.great fit and great valueKeeps random objects that would otherwise be thrown around in a mess organized and clean.I knew they would be a bit big based on other reviews.  I am fine with that as they are my winter boots and I will be wearing thicker socks.  I have a rub wound/mark on the back of my leg from the irritation of the top of the boot rubbing on it.  It is getting better as I break in the boots.keeps the sun off real well.Highly recommended!!Perfect for my 3 year old! He loves spidey!well made hats just a little smallGreat productI love 1928 jewelry. Very well made. Love purple and black combination.The shirt is great but I ordered a size larger because some reviews of their other clothes said that this brand ran small. For this specific shirt, it does not run small so order your normal size. I had to return my shirt.This shirt is very nice and has vibrant colors. Unfortunately, the 2X Large was too small. I buy most of my dress shirts and 2X Super Tees from Lands End, which fit with what I'd call "loosely comfortable". I didn't exchange the Pacific Legend shirt for a larger size because the shoulders would most likely have been too large. Good looking shirt that's sized too small.Fits my son greatLove the shoes but they must run small!Love em so farI originally found this pattern while searching for suits on the web. My desire for instant gratification (Prime) had me looking on Amazon and there it was. But the color appeared different than every other picture of the suit I've seen elsewhere. I've added a collage to illustrate my point. Far left is the Amazon picture, center is a photo of the suit I received today, the right is a cropped photo representative of what I've seen elsewhere. The colors are really a coral and watermelon shade, not the fuschia accents like you see on ther sites. But the color is nice, the material is good and it fits well if maybe just a tiny bit small. I would say order one size up.

My only complaint is that the "underwire" is somewhat of a joke. If it doesn't rip out by the second time I wear it, I will consider that a miracle. Honestly I am not sure it serves any purpose being as flimsy as it is.Little dispointed of the red not on as much on it as showed
But like the convince.FantasticLoved it but it was too tight, very straight in the body of the dress it has no flare whatsoever...very dissapointed it did not fit as it was lovely and I love the fabric...and the colors and patternI just received this as an engagement ring from my fiance. It is smaller than the picture lead me to believe it's about 4mm in the center and has a 2mm band. The picture makes it look like the diamond is set in the center, but it is actually set in the bottom of the heart. It is beautiful and was just perfect for our budget. I am so happy with this ring, I cannot stop looking at it.Best belt in the worldNice bootsWell worth the money  very happyI like the shorts because they are comfy, well fitting, and perfectly lengthed, and the pockets are a great size!There was a minor flaw in the first pin sent to me, but it was immediately replaced and the second pin was better crafted and exactly what I expected.Great Shoe.  Great for wide feet. Even the regular width is wide. For extra wide feet go for the E sz.  Will need new laces as they aren't long enough.I bought this item slightly bigger than I normally wear. The suit fits perfect and is very cute. I have received many compliments on it,The 7 for All Mankind cut off shorts are comfortable. The shorts are well made and durable. I am pretty small to they fit just a little big for me.  I would definitely buy more.Expected a mixture of sock bottom colors as per the photo. All were grey in the pack I received. Very good fit, though.I really like the looks of these sandals, they're really cute, the only  thing I don't care for is that the ht. or angle of the wedge is a bit hard on my feet and the platform is a bit hard or stiff. I bought them in two colors and they're consistent.I love the look of these boots! I normally wear a size 6, but based on the reviews I bought a size 6 1/2 and they fit great. However,  these boots are not the most comfortable shoes. There is no padding in the footbed, but I will just buy some insoles for them. The heal height and color are perfect. Since they are pull on boots, they are a little difficult to get, but buying a half size bigger helped me with that problem. All in all I love these boots!!Nice earrings. Smaller then i thought they would be, price could have been less but overall satisfied.These slippers are exactly what I wanted.  They are slip on scuffs.  Great when you just get out of the shower.I ordered these for my granddaughter who wears a size one 1 US, I ordered her the 1 to 1 1/2 in EU and they were too small.  I would like to order them again but I am not sure what size to order since obviously a size 1 US is not  1-1 1/2 EU.

I loved the shoe, good quality and good price.It doesnt has to put a padlock in the zipper. The rest is all perfect. The size fits into the luggage place inside the plane.Fitit was very pretty, fit well and received many complements, especially for the uniqueness. nonetheless, in no way does it look like the photo. It's flimsy, no support and I had to take out the ribbon in the back and completely rethread and then double back b/c the little tiny lace holes that the ribbon threads in the back,I wish these were thicker. They're not really appropriate to wear alone as shorts, but perfect for under a dress or skirt. They really are like a thick pantyhose/tights weave, and they snag like the dickens when my kid sits in the mulch. But you know, for the price they're not bad.Love these shoes! Very comfortable and lightweight! Just wish they came in brown.Nice looking with my outfit but a little heavyGood cheap glasses.Very nice quality.  I purchased this for my son since he was a ring bearer and he looked so cute.  They do run a little big so he had to wear suspenders and get them hemmed!Great!IT IS NICE AND VERY COMFORTABLE. LOVE WEARING IT.Soft comfortable lining, though a little worried it will stain with time, as I'm so hard on shoes. They do run a little wide, but the rest of the fit is perfect. Uppers comfortable on first wearing-no blisters or break-in period.  Extremely pleasedgreat hat for the priceThese shoes have such a comfortable, flexible sole that breaking them in is easy.  They resist rubbing up & down on your heals while the soft, high quality leather uppers comform easily to your feet. I was disappointed that they do not come in half sizes, however this particular style runs somewhat large so that my more often than not size 8 1/2 feet fit well into the size 8. Because I have tried on other styles of Ground Hog shoes I know that other styles do run slightly smaller (more average) so assumptions should not be made that all styles run a little large.Super! Super! I recommend for every woman!I am in my final weeks for training for my first half marathon and after some research this was the best shoe for me. Today the 5 miles was like running on cushioned clouds. The extra support for my arches and the balls of my feet were perfect. Highly recommend!Strong chemical smell when opened.Husband loves these shoes for walking around on vacation.Shoes came in the right size and fit like my other old chucks.I just received these but loved them immediately. They fit well and are very comfortable. I do not anticipate any problems with these shoes other than I don't want to wear anything else! Plus they look good too! :)I tried it on & it fits true to my size. I haven't worn it yet.Super comfortable and really light and not bulky at all, which is perfect for a summer sandal. They were a little big but still fit pretty goodGreat shoe, lots of grip (not in water or slick surfaces) but it wore down rather quickly and the edges are coming off/peelinglove the way they look and they are comfortable, only issue,, you do have to RE LACE everytime you where them,, so add 5 minutes to morning routine putting boots on lolPaid a tailor to take up the length on the sleeve.  Otherwise, great fit.Wife satisfied with bag. Our a bit much for her with little info on how to deodorize.I purchased several of these polos for my daughter's school uniforms. So far, they wash and dry well. The colors worked perfectly with the school's requirements. Nothing fancy - no bells and whistles, but I will definately purchase more of them at this price!These are beautiful, elegant shoes. Because they are suede they can be worn with tights as an alternative to boots. They are slightly small, so I walked around with socks for a few hours for a day or two and now they are a perfect fit.Nice and softI took exactly the same size as my regular jeans.  I am 5'6" tall, 125 lbs--size 32 gave me room for a light layer of long underwear underneath.  These are very stretchy and warm.  I wore them in very cold and windy fall weather in the mountains of Mongolia and was warm.  They did not shrink after machine washing.  The waist is low, so initially I wore a belt, but they stay up because of the stretchiness.Runs small but I LOVE THEM!!! My daughter will normally wear a 13/1...She is six years old, almost 7.  BUT since the other reviews said that it runs small, I ordered a size 2. SO GLAD that I did. My daughter loves them. Great for the price and she says they are comfy.I always wear through socks at the toes.  My daughter gave me my first pair of Ozone socks a year ago and they are still going strong so I decided to buy some more for myself.  Highly recommend them for quality and they are so pretty I wish I didn't have to wear shoes over them!Excelent!!!Great value for the product.  Diamond cut really makes it stand out.BienGOODI choose this hoodie on the coldest days when I want to stay extra extra cozy. It is really really really warm.

It fits well and is flattering. I am normally a small, and small is perfect. It is not too short. I love the buttons at the top.

The ketchup color is more pink than it is red, but I love it.

The only improvement I could see is to make the inside material a little softer. It is a bit stiff. But, very very warm!Purchased gold in 7.5 but had to exchange for an 8.5 because sizing was off.  Typically wear 7.5 or 8 in ladies. Own a pair of their Crane style also but they are size 7! Very comfortable!Still not sure if I am a fan of these or not. They are exactly as described but they still pop off my head.Nice Polo but like the Calvin Klein Liquid Cotton material better.I have developed a passion for coral and orange- buying a purse, sweater over blouse  with these colors.so these shoes are getting quite a bit over wear. I wish the arch were higher but other than that I like them. They are really cute.Comfortable.  True to size.These look great! Just have to my prescription put in. The only thing I would add is that there is a gold colored section on the top of the frames that don't appear in the the images or the description, so just a heads up!I bought this as a "Vegas dress" - we go a few times a year and I think it will be perfect to wear for our nights out. I can wear either a 6 or an 8 in Halston Heritage and the 8 was perfect (with just a little tummy room for those Vegas Buffets). I'm looking forward to wearing it on our next trip.comfortableMy daughter loves 'em, I love 'em. I'm considering getting them in several sizes so she can continue to wear them as she grows!Nice quality, as expected.My husband liked his Hush Puppies very much.  He had previously bought a pair at a Myrtle Beach Outlet when we were there in April...same style and they were very comfortable.it's cute but color change after a whileThis bra is so adjustable it will fit everyone.Good fit and very shiny. Beautiful for the price. I've ordered some from other sites that don't even fit and cost 3 times as much.Gbx has the cool/hip boot market cornered.  Always asked where I got these and while stylish, also comfortable.  Actually the most comfortable non-sneaker shoes owned.Perfect for long hours on feet. Has enough coushoning and support to stay comfortable.George Foreman (the boxer) did a great thing - in his line of pants, he put an extra 2 inches in the waist band. So does these pants and it makes them feel great. Fit okay without it, and fit way okay with it. The price was right, pockets and zipper area are oversized and they fit just great. Con: don't come in enough colors for larger sizes - recommend they do, that would give it 5 stars. This is a BUY from me.Very coolCaterpillars always doing good staffThis shirt is wonderful! I have been an outcast for a long time, but wearing this shirt has put a lot of confidence and good aura in me.  What can I say, this shirt is a CHICK MAGNET!  Don't ever go to a bar without wearing this shirt.  As soon as I entered a bar, heads start turning, I haven't attracted so much chicks in my entire life until I got this shirt.  After all, who doesn't like cats???  Even the guys who owns those expensive sports car drool with envy every time chicks hit up on me when I wear this shirt!  This is a must have shirt! Buy it!If you are a Zumba fanatic like I am now, you will appreciate this shoe. It's light, it breathes and you can swivel to your heart's content. Good for working your core. Go for it!Great shirt. Looks like a daring in it!Good quality for the price, but not one of those perfect-looking shining pins.Pefect fit--easy to take off and put onThis was just what my daughter wanted!
It looked just like the picture. I did make my daughter wear black leggings instead of the fishnets though. I don't like the fishnets at all. My daughter has lots of regular leggings so no biggy!!I love it, it's like having a new watch but I still have the double faced watch that I wasn't willing to part with.The shoes fit well, and like all crocs were comfortable to stand on. Lots of cushion. But I thought they were awkward and wobbly to walk in, and I'm used to walking in heels so that wasn't the problem. I think the softness of the croc sole becomes a bit unstable when you add in the height of the heel.  I will stick to the croc ballet flats.Appear to be of good quality, but the sizes are large.Thanks to Amazon, I was able to order the wide version of the Capezio Juliete canvas ballet slipper. I'm not overweight but do have wide feet. The fit is perfect, the sewing is less because the elastic is attached to the back side. I love the criss-cross elastic because it enhances my arches and line. There are many brands out there but I find Capezio has one of the best fits in shoes for my feet both in slippers and pointe.Great quality shirtMine took a while to wear in and get comfortable, but now they are!Durable, well made bag for everyday use. Seems to hold up well with no signs of wear and tear so far. Colors in picture sre true to actual product.Love it!my grandaughter loves them.  I was surprised she didn't pick the pink ones, but she loves the green and grey. Nice light weight and good for running inI was surprised at how elegant this scarf looked given the price. While it was thin and certainly wouldn't be something to wear for warmth, it was quite beautiful and made a great christmas gift.Nice looking jacket! Bought one too small at first (they run a bit small), but return and repurchase was painless.I bought this for my 15yr old grandson who loves classic video games.  I was sooo very happy to find this Luigi T-shirt for him for his birthday.  It made him smile.  He was very well pleased.  And that is all it takes to make a grandma very happy!  It fits him well and it looks great too.I am so happy with my keds. They're my new go-to shows. I ordered a 7.5 (I normally wear somewhere between a 7 and 8) and while they fit, I think I would order a 7 if I were to purchase another pair. Stock up on no-show socks when you order them and enjoy!I did like the shirt, however the neck is very large and scoops to much for a man's shirtMy daughter loved this!Love them!!Prompt shipping! My goddaughter got it the night before they were about to leave on a vacation. She was ecstatic!!like itI have really wide feet, so I bought these a little big. They are very soft and comfortable, I tried them on in the store. But then, after wearing them out a few times, my feet kind of hurt a little. I think I just had to get used to them, because after a few weeks, they felt fine. I wear them all the time. I love how comfy they are. My biggest thing ever is comfort, when it comes to shoes. And they also look good.Color much darker and more orange with the pink. This is a true coral. Other than that it is made well and not skimpy. Material is fairly soft. I like the top stitched arm hole seams as well as around the neck line. If color hd been a true pink this would be five stars.Comfortable, stylish, great fit. Definitely recommend, especially for the price.These boots are amazing. I don't use them for hiking I use them for fashion, and I have been asked multiple times where got them. Amazing!I got this for my first child I know that she will love it.  I got her a necklace for Christmas last year and she has not took it off since I gave it to her. So I know she will love this Thank yougood qualityLooks very nice but began to itch after a week.  Not sure it is truly sterlingPerfect for my son's costume.size was perfect.  A bit small but nice designI was very excited when this purse arrived that it was so intelligently laid out.  There are pockets for everything and much more fits in the purse than you would think.  It seemed like a great purse for traveling.  However, although I would highly recommend it for others, I had to give it up because I spent too much time opening every compartment to find each item I needed.  An organized person with a better memory would really love this purse!I heart pajama shorts. At least that what you should feel if you get your buns in these cute little pajama shorts. They have hearts all over them. Therefore, you have no choice but to heart them.love the productCute sandals.  They are a wonderful shade of brown and they are comfortable.Love themI love Kut From Kloth when I received it in my stitch fix.  They wear well. You do need to size down!Fantastic fit. A big success!I mistakenly bought these thinking I was getting Hanes Cozy Bras, which are BY FAR the most comfortable "around the house" bras I've ever purchased! That being said, I am still a satisfied customer with this purchase! These are an excellent addition to my "comfy" clothes collection. The fit is perfect, the price is great, and even though they are racer-back-style, the straps don't dig into my shoulders.I love your leg warmers! They are soft and stretchy and I love the design and texture. I suffer from neuropathy and my calves are always cold, and these really bring me comfort. As a 73 year old grammy, I wear these and become a "pretend" ballerina.My son loves orange, so we replaced the laces with bright orange ones, and the shoes look better.I love these pants!  They are super comfy and I love that they fit my small frame perfectly.  I'm 5'2" and about 110lbs and the pants are great in fit and length!These shoes fit well and were comfortable from the moment I put them on.  I didn't have to go through a break in period with them, they felt like they were already broken in.  No sore feet, no discomfort at all.  I love these shoes.I am tired of slathering myself in sunscreen so have been wearing rash guards. This is a nice one. A bit looser that I thought it would be but I would rather have lost than tight. It has a lining but I wear it over a bikini top.ExcelletBest purchase. It's similar to his t-shirt from the hospital. This is my favorite thing for him to wear, simple and practical.The back was Velcro so all night I was having it come undoneI started to think my baby might be uncomfortable with PUL covering her diaper overnight since she was waking up with cold and damp skin. No rashes, but still not seemingly comfortable. This cover was the first and only wool cover I've tried, mostly because of cost and good reviews. I am glad we purchased it. It's very easy to care for and it's so soft and it really works! It's breathable, yet doesn't leak. I would love to use wool during the day, but there is no way it's possible with this cover, it's beyond bulky. I can barely get her footies jammies over these and will need the bigger size sooner than she outgrows them. It usually takes more than a day to dry after washing (I wash it with Eucalan and then roll it in a couple dry towels to get most of the moisture out, then lay flat to dry) so since we only have one, we have to use a pocket that night. I would love to buy more but wool is so expensive! We got the 74/80 for our baby and at 16 pounds and 8 months, there's plenty of room to grow. Overall it's a great diaper and I am very pleased. The merchant, Little Spruce Organics, is great too, I had a question about the product and they responded promptly.Skirt very nice. Pants under are tight at the hem. No stretch. A decent skirt for the price.The bead comes unscrewed throughout the day. I've almost lost it in the bathroom several times. You get what you pay for and this was cheap. Overall I'm satisfied; until I need a new one.Grandson loved it!I have worn mine a couple of days now and they are actually comfortable I still have to break them in I have plans to hike some of the AT this spring. I would tell people yes buy them for the price and comfort without a doubt I walked through some deep snow and my feet weren't even wet at all that tells me they work well. I will be prepared foot gear wise for my hike even during wet rainy times.Gorgeous shoes! Great deal for the price. They go with just about anything and heel is not too small not too high.I love these briefs - they're great. But I was ordering oversize for use after surgery. They worked, but we're smaller for the size indicated than I expected. However, well-made briefs!!!a bit of a gap under the arm but workable, nice fit otherwisesmaller than expected but very niceI've only been able to wear these running shoes a little bit, as I am healing up from a running foot injury, but they are incredibly comfortable.  I will try to update when I get back to running.My husband has owned several expensive brands of golf shoes, but these are his favorite.  He has plantar fasciitits and stays comfortable for a full 18 holes in these.  He does wear a own custom insole with them though.Great Shirt.I got this watch for my 27 year old daughter.  She loved it! She loves Fossil watches and this fun color was a bonus.Very comfortable good for working on concrete.  Zipper makes on and off very easy yet a secure feel when on.Nicely madeBest tightie-whities for the money. Some smaller than others slightly, though.A bit expensive for the flimsy little locks that they are, but they do give you that extra piece of mind when you get your luggage back so that you know nothing's been tampered with.If you're not big in the stomach area you should be fine.On time and as describedthese were perfect all throughout pregnancy!! I ordered my size m. which is my size not pregnant and they fit my growing belly vverry well throughout the entire pregnancy!!OK. You've got to realize what these are good for.

Pros:
- They are NOT meant to be realistic. They are more like a comic.
- They can be seen at a distance.
- They can be stretched over a bike helmet!!
- They fit well over "big hair" if you're a woman.
- Not crazy expensive.

Cons
- Because they are rubber, they are hot if worn against a bald head
- Can arrive a little warped from being in box, but being left out a few days will fix.Perfect robe for me.....so soft.....not too long......not too warmthey are beautifulVery comfortable. I wear it post op following mastectomy reconstruction.  Very supportive and soft.stinks it needs a special tool (included) to change the comboIt's a good backpack, nothing stupid or unnecessary. I got the off white one, which got dirty pretty quick, but no big. You know what they say about dirty backpacks...me neitherVery nice chain.  Smooth and supple.  Just what I wanted.  Can be worn alone or with a pendant. The 20" length is a nice size.I have a pair I am wearing right now, and have for two years.. These boots have very good leather in them and is at first very stiff (heavy leather) I used olive oil and lemon juice mixture and softened up the leather then water proofed them and they broke in easy and became very comfy. I will buy another pair in the spring of 2017...Damn good boot for the money.YepOkThe only thing I would change here is the length. They were a bit long for me but they work. I use them for wrestling with my two sons and for weight lifting.It's defiantly not a one size fits all. But it's a beautiful color.EVERYONE LOVES THESE, I'm a hot mama in them. Very comfy.This wig is pretty well made for only being $10! The only complaint I have is that it isn't as jet black as the picture depicts, but definitely still serves its purpose for my Cleopatra costume. Arrived a day early as well!Fits perfectly, comfortable, and reasonable price. LOVE IT.They are still VERY comfy. Well made. Will buy again!They were a little loose but with thick socks they fit great. Very comfy and very practical. I would recommend them to anyone.It was a gift. Light weight and good color. Sized a little small.Nice shirt. Ordered an oversized shirt for painting and it's nice and soft. More pink than it looks in the photos, though.My daughter was able to wear any type of sock comfortably with this shoe. It's a good deal.I absolutely love these capris. they fit great and give a great hold (no jiggling when I'm running). they are "very fitting" which I don't usually wear (prefer looser gym clothing) but I got a lot of great compliments on these and felt really comfortable in these. will definitely order another pair in different colors.The packaging was not all that great, meaning the box was crushed and tape/ cellophane was haphazardly wrapped around the box however, this did not affect the shoes themselves. I purchased one size up due to all the comments regarding size, I should have went up a size and a half . I am considering returning them and getting the 9 1/2  for a size 8 that I normally wear. They are nice shoes for sure. Probabably would have given 5 stars if  they were packaged better.Love this bracelet! I bought as a Christmas gift for my daughter and as a secret Santa gift, wish I would have gotten one for myself.Nice, comfortable shoe and top quality construction.  I have narrow feet so I was hoping I would be able to cinch them up just a little more, but still comfortable to wear all day.My husband liked this coat, well made and fit him like it was tailored for him.Very nice bow tie! My husband ordered this for a costume party, but it would look great for a formal outfit as well.Headband was perfect for my event!Great--thank you!This is my third SlideBelt and they are the best.  No holes to be punched and they look and work great.After a wash, it was a little small on the torso. However, my body is a little weird so it may just be me.This chain arrived very quickly after it was ordered, packaged in a plastic bag inside a lovely little black faux-velvet bag.  It's heavy, very shiny, and looks well made.  I expect it will last a long time.  I had bought it for use with a Thor's hammer pendant (bronze)which I'd bought for my boyfriend.  It doesn't go well with that but I have no doubt we'll find something great to use it with,or just wear it plain as it is gorgeous!Glad they were large enough for my husband. The legs are very large (wide), will have to get tailored.These are great shoes.  However, I had to send them back because they were too short.  The width was GREAT!  It is rare that I can find shoes in that width, which is what I need.  But even though I ordered a size larger than I usually wear, they were still the same size as size 11.  I think because they are imported, perhaps their sizes are not as accurate as US sizes.  I really am having trouble finding shoes that fit me.Beautiful, great quality leather band!The luggage is lightweight compared to what I had before. I traveled with 2 of the sets once so far. Nothing was annoying except the handle of the smallest bag. It kept dropping as if there is nothing to keep it in place. It would have been better if the handle was a little bit stronger.My husband loves this shirt. It is a bit thin, but is perfect for Texas weather.My daughter loves it! Perfect fit, comfortable shoes and trendy! Goes well with everything!I had rash using the product right out of the box. I cleaned it with Baking Soda and Vinegar water. It is good after that. It's simple and sturdy as expected.amazing oneThe dress fit perfect and was very beautiful and elegantI lake...ThanksA little stiff but improved after washingLove itItem arrived quickly and as described.The massaging sole keeps the sock snug on the foot, so it doesn't move around and lump up in the shoes.  I'm so spoiled to them, I don't want to wear any others.It was pretty, cute, and it fit well. It came right when I needed it for my party. I would buy something from this company again.Very comfortable. Lightweight. Water tight. I work landscaping, so I put them to the test every day. So far so good. Only had a few months as long as they last I'd say worth every penny.The fit is a bit tight on my head but it's manageable.  This is my third pair of Suncloud sunglasses and I love them.  They are polarized, don't scratch easily and are affordable.  I those these around in my car and they are pretty sturdy.  I definitely recommend these.Absolutely beautiful shoe!! Fits true to size if you want your foot to be wedged in there, I ordered a half size bigger and they are PERFECT! I can't wait to wear them on my wedding day :)work appropriate and also great for after 5. Its very flatter to curvy shapes.Had a pair during this past summer and wore them out!! Needed to replace them, they r the most comfy sandals I have ever usedAs knee socks, these are great--plenty warm, and long enough that you can fold over the tops so they stay up quite reliably. My only complaint is about the "denim" color. The two pairs I bought were blue all right, but flecked with random tan and brown bits. Maybe this is supposed to be a fashion statement, but to me it just looks like lint--as if the socks had been tumbled in a dryer with a bunch of shedding terrycloth towels. It's mildly annoying, but not enough to make me return the socks. Just be aware that you may not get a solid color when you order these.Comfortable fit, but I feel very plain wearing it.Brand new and very comfortablewell made for the money, gave it to a kid for christmas, with money in it kid loved iti likeI love my Wool Buff.  It's much more versatile than a scarf.  I recommend it for anyone who rides a bike in cold weather.  If you're not sure of all it's uses, you can find how-to videos on Youtube.This dress is beautiful and very well made.  My daughter is very excited to wear it to her school dance.These are great. They use real Irish coins. The cuff links arrive in a gift box in great condition and on time.We have used the Gerber brand for years with our other girls and decided to try these. They are almost identical in thickness. As of right now I'm very pleased with them.What a great find!  I have small wrists and this is a great size, though it would be great for larger wrists as well since it's expandable.  The material is very durable and the detail is truly exquisite.  I bought 4 other ones for my co-workers for Christmas and they all love them.  Job well done!My engagement ring is very detailed and flashy so I wanted a plain, thin band to go with it and this was perfect. It's very confortable and shiny. I read some reviews that said they run a half size bigger. I'm regularly a size 7 so I ordered a size 6 1/2 and it fit perfectly.Soft textured, fit exactly as I wanted, the collar was a very smart cut and went well with the bow tie.They look really good.  My son has worn them around the house.  He loves them and can't wait to break them in on the turf this weekend!Ordered for my daughter. It fit as expected. Had to return two others that were too small. Cherokee brand is the best for true fit.I found this jacket great for my daughter. The size is ok and the product is like in the photo. It was deliverd on time by the seller.Comfortable. Pushes the girls up.  Decent quality for the price.I have been wearing this model of boot for a few years. They are very nice. I wore the new pair to church to break them in. They broke in fine.I always reorder these as they wear. They are good deck shoes.Fantastic belt.  When I saw the low price, I worried that the belt was really some sort of pleather product.  This belt is made of soft and durable leather.  One note though, the measurements listed match actual waste measurements.  For example, if the listing says it fits up to 42 inches- the belt is only 42 inches long.This quickly became my favorite watch. It looks amazing and the strap is comfortable. It has a rather odd shape that just makes it look even better. I get compliments for the watch all the time. Several people have even approched me that recognize it. The watch is a bit large and somewhat heavy for a dress watch. The only problem I have had with it is that I don't use my other watches as much anymore, its always the first one out of my display case.Perfect shoesFit perfectly ordered extra large 150lbs 5'4these fit beautifully after breaking them in for three weeks or so! painful, but worth the effort. i wear them at a job at which i'm on my feet for hours and i have no foot or back pain when i wear these babies! one thing I didn't consider with "nude" leather is how easily it scuffs- do not commit to these if you're a perfectionist! the outer toes were worn-looking after my first commute, and i've begun to polish them after almost every wear, but they will never look new after their first walk in the rain...Cute shoes that are adorable. Comfortable to walk in and fits perfectly. The only small negative is that the gold band is  a little too bright, but that's just a minor flaw.GreatI love these shoes.  I got a pair for Christmas that are yellow and the wide fit and I loved them so much I had to have another pair. These shoes are the most comfortable shoes I've ever owned and are perfect for people who are on their feet all day! Definitely a must have shoe!Purchased for my husband.My mom loves her mothers gift. She loves this so its a good choice. The sizes run small though so be careful when choosing a size.Good glasses and don't have to worry about damaging with the low priceVery nice quality shirt.Still breaking them in, but so far are very comfortable!nnnaGreat shoes for the soft sand in KuwaitDecent flip-flopI love this dress. I get compliments on it constantly. I love this color and how flowy and summery this dress is. I love that the material is light for hot, southern summers but it also tears very easy. I have a larger bust and the material is already starting to separate there. The first time, I ordered an XL because most dresses won't fit my bust but it was huge and I was drowning in it, so I exchanged for a medium. I'll try ordering a large next time because I really do love this dress.goodAwesome and freshVery small size. Grandaughter did like it though.I was very pleased. I wore it to a Wizard of Oz theme event and I received many complements. Thanks.Nice comfortable waterproof boots.  I wear mine dailyNice tie clips, I wear them all the time now I can't recommend them enough.This is one of my favorite dresses my 3 year old wears. The back is adorable, the colors and patterns are fun. Love it. It's also withstood some HARD playing and many, many washings. Really pleased.This is a nice weight for summer. One thing I don't like is the neck is a little low. Other than that, the length is good and does not seem to shrink.I like these shoes. They're cute, very light weight and have great cushioning in the heel. Would like a little more cushion for the ball of my foot and they don't feel as springy as my last pair of ascics.I really like this slip. I've worn it twice and it really doesn't feel like you have a slip on.GREATIt's great for my costume purposes.granddaughter loves this dress, I went up a size, maybe 2, can't remember.excellentMy daughter loves them but they were a tad bit narrow for her feet. They fit her just right in length. She can still wear them with thinner socks and we will know next time to go with a wider shoe.

If you order these you may want to choose a slightly wider shoe (or go with a size larger). We plan to next time.

Overall they are a nice looking shoe. My daughter is pleased.Make sure to read the sizing chart and there won't be any surprises.very nice and good material but size did not fit. recommendedGreat qualityI love these sneakers!  My feet are a size 5 1/2.  Many times when I buy sneakers, the tongue digs into my ankle, because it is not made smaller for sneakers that are smaller.  These have a soft tongue so it doesn't dig into my ankle.  I run 4 miles a day,  5-6 times a week and these are the most comfortable sneakers I have had in a long time.  I won't buy anything but Asics for running from now on.The costume is pretty amazing.  It is very thick and complete.  I bought it for a themed wedding in the snow so it will work out for me.  If I ever use it for halloween or birthday party in Arizona where I live it will probably be a long night because the costume is thick and hot.  I did my research and I ordered a large for myself at 5'11, 171 lbs.  31-33 in waist 40' chest, 33 length, arms 34/35 arms.  I sent in my measurements but only to amazon who were supposed to relay it to the company.  Not sure that ever happened because although the costume fits well it doesn't feel custom.  Nothing is undersized but the robe length, tunic  arms and the belt are too big.  The tunic arms and robe are just a little too long but I can deal with it or get it tailored for a few bucks.  The belt is nowhere close to my size, its pretty huge.  I will have to add my own velcro to it or get a new belt.  The gloves are sized well  but I will not be using them and already bought better gloves.  The mask is a basic Hasbro half mask and will also be replaced but its nice that it came with one and I did not expect it.  I will also replace the belt with a better quality belt but I ill keep the buckle because its legit.  The hood is big but needs to be for a black series helmet.  Too bad they couldn't include a nicer belt for a few bucks more.  I didn't like the Xcoser label on the outside of  robe and tunic but I will have that removed with scissors.  The shipping was fast and I am very happy with the purchase.Great product!ComfyI bought this for my 10 year old to use for school books. She loves it.I love using these when I have skinny straps and don't want to wear a braNice quality, fits perfect!It's good I like itJust received this yesterday...a little too long to wear right out of the package, so I had to trim it twice. Be careful when cutting the bar or the ball may not fit the bar without additional trimming. Overall great value, we'll see if it gets me through the next three months.They were gift , so they they told me it fit fine.I got this leather jacket for my partner, and she absolutely adores it, and so do I. She looks going out with it on, it's perfect. It looks so very cool, so very sleek and so very fabulous on her, a true leather clad vixen full of immense beauty, immense charm and immense allure that turns many heads, sends many off their feet and leaves many breathless, especially me. I am lost for words when I see her wearing this great leather jacket. It fits perfectly on her petite physique and it feels so comfortable on her, and the imitation leather feels like the real thing, no one would be able to tell the difference. We both love this leather jacket, it's great, we both highly recommend it. 5 STARSI have a few pairs of Toms and I enjoy them. These seem to run just a tad big. A half size down wouldn't hurt as they tend to stretch a bit after wearing them. Also,  it's pretty amazing that they donate a pair of shoes for every pair you purchase. :) I recommend!There is no substitute for the original. They fir right, feel right, and now you can buy them in multiple colors.Bought it for my niece, she wears it day and night, just loves it.Perfect for keeping feet warm indoors. Soft with a semi-hard sole. Comfy. Be sure to size up...I wear a size 7, and the medium just barely fits.Very comfortable. Have had them for about 6 months. They hold up well so far but doubt I get multiple years out of them. Suspect they collapse in by mid summer and will need another pair. For the price its not a big deal though.I absolutely love this dress. It is so flowy and so flattering. The only thing is that its really big on top and I am pretty busty. Im going to exchange it for a small. This is a medium I have on.Comfy and cozy. Well made. Great price.Nice shoes, a little overpriced but that's okVery pretty ring and fit well around my halo engagement ring. Only problem was the size '7' was actually a size '6.75', so had to return for being slightly too small.Love this shirt!Love my uggsWife says very comfortable and super awesome. She loves the side pocket.It turned out to be a pretty decent surprise gift for the wife. The quality and look was not bad at all, worth the money.NiceThere suspenders actually work!I got this for my 10year old she liked it.  Many have told her. Her head is always in a book you're going to need glasses. She so wise for her age. It's on the thin and soft will do great on warm days. On cooler days she can wear a tee under it.Packaging: Neat inside a sealed plastic bag
Completeness: I received the head piece, choker, and dress according to the description.
Color: One of the earlier reviews mentioned the dress to be more grey. True. The dress is not bright white.
Size: I am usually a size 4-6. Medium size of this dress fit me very well. I feel the head piece to be a bit too tight, but I do have thick hair.
Quality: Halloween costume quality.
A little gripe: The dress left a mark on my left shoulder, where the dress hanged on my body. Perhaps I should have put a little cloth to cover the stitches.
Conclusion: Happy to wear the whole costume to my husband's company party.Good for international travelLarge case is great and has survived 3 trips so far, including 5 flights. Still looks new (and sometimes those bag handlers are rough!)

The small case seems unnecessary. It's not a size/shape we could do much with - so that one, we sent to Goodwill.Lovely and just the right size.Beautiful shoes! Perfect size.We ordered up a size and they fit great!This is a gorgeous addition to my wardrobe.Very cute, they don't fit exactly like the Reef Ginger, but are still pretty nice. No arch support like the Ginger and the straps aren't as long, but for a nicer flip flop, these fit the bill since they have sparkles.I really like these shoes!  The green color is a nice alternative to neutral beiges. They are very well made, the jute around the soles is finished nicely, as is the fabric at the instep. They are comfortable to wear. I appreciate the small heel which helps my feet when walking longer distances.  One change I would request is for a better arch.  Altogether a good shoe.

I have bought a second pair.  I should have listened to the reviews.  Even with a wide foot the shoes are wider than comfortable.  But I love the multi-color stripe and can wear them without a big problem. If I had to order again, I would stick with the regular width. I still really like these shoes.This was only the second pair I had bought online, and I couldn't remember if 'regular' or 'narrow' was what I bought previously.  I should have gone with 'narrow' but the shoes are still exceptional.I love the bag- but the liner is much smaller and doesn't fit well. It also only snaps in four places, comes undone easily, and often results in losing keys/other small items that fall in between the bag and liner. I took the liner out and just use small bags inside to keep things organized. Would be 5 stars if not for the liner!I loved the softness but it was a bit narrow.  I  had ordered a size 10 originally.  But it was narrow so I ordered the 11 but it to was narrow.  That's why I sent them both back. Oh how I wish you had a wide. Love all the color you have.I usually wear 7.5 in dress shoes, so I ordered 8M based on reviews. It fits just perfect!Very nice product. Love the built-in nursing pads! I found the chest strap to be a tad small though.Not bad.The color was a little lighter than expected. I love not having to bend down to tie shoe laces (bad back). These have a casual but nice appearance, so they can be worn everyday or out to dinner. They can be easily cleaned with soapy water and a sponge or brush.Looks very nice!Great fit, true to size, anticipated material was dri-fit but bra comes in cotton.I love this skirt also. I am a skirt person and love them long and this fits the billing, I am 5'8" tall and I need the long length. Thanks. I have told many of my friends about them.
4 starsI received this product and it came as described. I really enjoyed the blue color. The lace on the front of this bra is very sleek and attractive. I liked the fit of this bra as it is comfortable and moves with my body as I move. It is very easy to nurse when wearing this bra. It is easy to access the breast and have the baby latch. I feel that I am able to do this discreetly if needed, but when at home it gives me the support to be able to run after my other children while being able to care for my new born. I also have slept in this bra and found that it gives me enough support during the night and adds extra protection so that any leaking that does occur is easily can be contained by the removable pads. I have found that I can replace the pads with some disposables and move on. I would recommend this to all my nursing mom friends. I have received this product at a discounted price for my honest review. By no means has this influenced my opinion about this product. I would consider purchasing this again.These Dickies button fly jeans are fabulous! I wish Dickies would produce them in black too.I wear an extra large I tried on this coat at a local store and extra large is what I need they didn't have green only back
Very water resistant quality close to north face gore textDid the job! Wore these in freezing rain, rain and snow while in Iceland and water never soaked through. The bottoms of the pants have velcro on them so you can tighten the opening around your ankle which is quite helpful for tucking into socks and boots.

One tip: these pants are not insulating AT ALL, so make sure wear long johns underneath if you'll be in cold weather. These pants are very thin, light, and JUST  for keeping you dry (and it does a good job of it).It's baggier than I'd hope but...I love the color and it works over scrubs for when it's cold at work.Love these, so cute. Can't believ how cheap they were too  I wear 6-7.5 so I played it safe and went with 7-8 and they couldn't fit more perfectly Bought this boot from a store Size 9. They lasted two years with 8-16 hour days constantly on my feet and running once in a while. I never noticed the slip resistance as I was more focused on the job at hand, being a correctional officer. They are very comfy and with a change of the insole they lasted! The leather wore down a bit from kneeling on concrete but a little buff with beeswax put the life right back into them!Awesome bucklethe central design is off-center. In the photo, the design is centered precisely in the middle of the chest.  In the one I got, the design is about three inches off-center.  Otherwise, I like it.Very happy and a great looking watch.Very rugged, but are also very heavy.For a low priced carbon fiber it works well, but it has started to stretch a little so I need to keep more money in it.  The high end versions might have more torque, but I wasn't ready to spend that much.  Yes the phlange does protrude a bit, but not as much as I felt others described it.  Overall for $18 a good money clip I have used for several months.This was the dress we chose for our daughter to wear as the flower girl in our friend's wedding. It was so pretty on her and everyone complimented her all day/night! It was nicely made and we loved the fact that the little flower on the side was removable if we chose to take it off. (it was adorable with it attached though) Our beautiful girl loved it and felt like a princess, for what she called "her wedding" :) The length was great and it had just enough tulle added to it to make it puffy, but not too much.  I would/will recommend this adorable dress to others!Love these polo sneakers, exactly what my son wanted for school. Will be ordering another pair. Love Ralph Lauren shoes.These are great for my granddaughter who absolutely refuses to wear anything uncomfortable. The only thing I didn't like about them was the tag that was sewn right into the middle of the rear! Once I cut the tags out they looked fine.I bought these as a Christmas present for my mom. She is very sensitive to metals and these did not break her out or bother her in any way. She said they were very comfortable and did not squeeze her earlobes like other clip on earrings have in the past. They also came in a very nice box. They look like high quality earrings for the price and you can't tell they are clip ons when they are on your ears. Product is way better than expected.Love it! Exactly what I expected.  Nice size.  Wonderful artistry and handiwork.  The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because i feel the opening of the clasp could be a little larger to accommodate my putting on the necklace without assistance.  Other than that, I definitely recommend.I have washed this multiple times (in a garment bag) and it still looks brand new.  Better yet, my toddler loves it!Great.This is very pretty and very well made. I haven't used it outside at all, but it is very nice!I kept this because I am desperate and am so tired of the endless hunt for a good supportive sports bra. I am a 34D/32DD and I got this in a 34D because it's what was available. I wear it on the tightest clasp, so I worry that it may stretch out overtime, eventually causing me to chafe under my chest when I run (that's what I currently experience with all of sports bras). It's fine for now. This bra would be a million times better if it was padded. Personally, an un-padded sports bra is one of the biggest flaws it can have. I do not want the gym to see any of that and it makes me self conscious. I have read that there are inserts/pads you can put there; I have yet to look into it. The cup does feel like it's a little larger than a typical D, but I didn't bother to try another size because I reached the end of my rope. It is a snug bra and keeps your chest grounded with minimal bounce.GoodI have these shoes in 3 different colors and I just repurchased the black pair since I wore my other ones out. They fit snuggly and don't give my blisters. I also love that these shoes don't show much toe cleavage. They are simple, but sturdy and come in a variety of patterns and colors. They are a staple in my closet.These shoes are very comfortable. I can wear them at least 5 hrs.This fits very well and does a great job of covering my unflattering thighs. It's sexy but still offers great coverage!Dress fit based on the measurements on the websiteI love these dog tags. My favorite part is the Firefighter's Prayer on the back. These were definitely a perfect gift for my graduation Firefighter.Runs very small...I'm always a size 9 and the 9.5 is a little tight. Should have gotten the 10. But the style is amazing!Fit great, work great!Goodsent back to small and not what I expectedI love this shirt! It is a bit thinner then expected but very comfortable. It arrived earlier then expected, so that was nice. Like other people, a white cami underneath is needed.I ordered a size up and was a little big like expected I liked how comfortable it is I have nothing bad to say about it
It goes through the washer nice and doesn't effect the graphic at allgreat productVery satisfiedLittle too small but still fits. Good qualitySo far I like them.  They seem comparable to the old 616  that wore so well.Beautiful bracelet! It is a big, I have to wear it on the tightest setting, but other than that I am really liking it!So cute, was able to split into 2 gifts to go with outfits.
The can be clipped to a headband or directly onto hair.My lower back thanks you!  Never again will I put a leather bill fold in my rear pant pocket.  The Sharkk also made me realize how much BS i used to hoard in my wallet.  Sleek, slim and holds just what I need.Super comfortable shoe. Use them for cross training. The only downside is that they don't have ventilation.Nice but wrong sizeIts okay. Fit just right. Like the style. Still breaking in the shoes because the shoes still stiff and the sole is hard.Excellent fit, I enjoy the support that you get from a Spanx bra.Looks good and fits great!I am a long-legged, thin woman and Med is plenty long enough (this is only rarely true of pants). Also, I have had difficulty finding light cotton pants to wear out in summer, to avoid sunburn, and these will work for summer cotton pants as well as pajama and in house lounging pants. I've ordered 5 more pairs, before even washing the first pair (fingers crossed), so they don't get away from me.I love these shoes! I have another tan colored pair I got at a shoe store, so I ordered these (for cheaper) on Amazon in the same size. Very comfortable and I get compliments on the design.

Only con I may have experienced is that walking in them for a long time (more than a couple hours) will hurt your feet. They don't have much support. Also, wear socks, they will start to smell terrible if you don't. Other than that, I love them!This costume was so cute on.  It fit perfectly and my husband loved it (because who really buys a french maid costume for their own happiness?)  It was also fairly comfortable as far as french maid costumes go.  I would definitely purchase again.Favorite umbrella. I like the feature where you press the button again and it closes.Looks greatAbsolutely love this luggage! It's so roomy and perfect for traveling! Love the island style and quality!! Can't ever go wrong with Roxy!Like even better than the same brand I purchased in the stores..Need to buy more.they fit great on my grandson.Love these.  So comfortable and fits just well.Great tread, not the ugliest shoes I've ever seen, but too small. I think I would have had to jump up two sizes in order for them to actually fit.I lovei needed it for my everyday watch,,,,Just great.Awesome!better than expected, thank youThis is the second pair of these slippers I've ordered for my husband who wears them outside for everything. The other pair lasted three years. Definitely a quality product.I did have to use a foot insert in these boots, which provided the arch support I need. Otherwise very comfy!I can wear these shoes for 8 hours basically until my feet get tired. They are stable and easy to keep balance in, even when walking on uneven ground. They look nice. And, give a good 4 inches of height without sacrificing comfort. Easy to walk in, no awkwardness.Absolutely love this top I have a pair of boots that match. Very comfortableI bought 6 of these comfy, soft scrub undershirts.  Love them!I love these jogging pants"Para/Combat" & "Metro/Meeting" rolled into one. I added these to my wishlist at $79.99, a few days later I ordered them and the price was $41.98!  The zippers seized up and were a pain to open & close, to the point that I thought I'd break them. There were loose threads getting caught in the teeth , after carefully clipping & singeing the threads the zipper was still rough. After a few days of wear, the zipper's loosened and the shoes broke-in. They're comfortable enough to wear for the day but not for all day on your feet wear. The materials feel flaky & less-than-adequate for a pair of Steve Madden shoes, I owned 2 other pairs of Steve Madden shoes, brown loafers & cordovan ankle boots, 6-7 years ago, and remember the materials were very good in comparison to these.This shoe is really great. I knew it would need some breaking in, softening up the leather, but worth all the effort!These shoes are very comfortable and easy on the feet when exercising.
This is my second pair and I recommend them.
The price is right!Love the color and the priceVery cute and comfortable!Very cuteIt's a bit sheer, but very soft and elastic!I would give this a five star but it said that it was a stretch type but it wasn't but other than thats this is a great work capri and im buying againI really like this shirt A LOT!  I could have used a little bigger size.  Love the fabric. Very cute shirt.Great support for a flip flop though I knew it as its my second pair. Only problem is my little toe occasionally slips out so not loving them.I got this watch from my husband and I absolutely love it. It's so comfortable, I don't usually sleep with my watches on but it feels like it's a part of me so I never take it off, well only to shower. I get compliments all the time. It's a very classy watch that goes with jeans and a t-shirt or all dressed up. I would recommend this watch over and over, the husband did good getting this for me.Very nice leather coin purse. Arrived fast.Quality, details, everything perfectToo large for my 4 year old, but we expected that. He still loved wearing it.Material has nice feel, nice fit. Does indeed have odd smell, placed on No Heat in the dryer with dryer sheets then hung outside to refresh.
I am 5'10"/170, ordered the Large and they fit like a glove, tight and smooth how I wanted. Have to pull on like pantyhose, but once they are on, they feel great, not too tightvery niceThis is a pretty ring, although it does not shine as much.  I bought two small yellow canary bands to go with it as a wedding set, but it did not work out. The ring setting is too high, which makes the bands go under the stone setting in order for it to fit well, making it to be constricting on the finger.  So far it has not turned yet.Nice hat fit great!The colors look great and really stand out among the sea of black luggage. With other colored suitcases I've owned in the past, they look dirty after a few runs through baggage claims. However, I've used this one a few times and it still looks clean. The expander is very useful to go from carry-on size to checked luggage status if I need to pack for a longer trip. My only complaint is the wheels don't slide extremely smoothly and I think they're are too many pockets.These were pretty nice. I'm a size 12 pants and I ordered the XL because I was worried they wouldn't cover my cheeks all the way. They are very stretchy and the Large probably would have been fine. The XL some times slides down a little bit but I'm hoping that when I order a Large next time they will be fine. Great quality and super comfy.nice pantsWife liked it.Fits as expected - very similar to standard pants. Haven't tested the Kevlar/armor - and I hope I don't  - but it's nice to be protected and not have to look like a spaceman. If the need arose, I would certainly buy these again.Came on time and was exactly as described.it was a nice necklace in my opinion. the Blue color is a little lighter than what appears on the screen, but is still really beautiful. my girlfriend didn't really seem to like it, but we broke up anyway...so her opinion doesn't count anymore hahaCan only wear a couple of hours because the sole is hard. And they do run a little large, so when they stretch out some as they get worn, they become too large.Great fit and very sexy back.Mojave Oasis is a very pretty pattern, For Keeps bag each bagis unique as I own several. This is the For Keeps cross body bag several pockets adorable print with a canvas like material,strongly recommend especially for the days u don't want to carry a backpack, makes excellent Christmas gifts!I am extremely happy with the hat.  I would have given it a 5 star rating if it didn't take so long to recieve it.  The fit is a little snug but not to much where it starts hurting my head.  the design is great.  The brim of the front fits and has the straight look while the top part has a slight angle....which fits the look that I was going for.  Very nice material as well.

Highly recommended.Bought this for my nephew and he has worn it everyday since! He absolutely loves it. Thank you!The perfect tool for medium-height bootsI love the colours!good qualityI am totally in love with my shape ups. After wearing them, I won't be able to wear a different type of tennis shoes. They are the most comfortable shoes in history and they have helped to lower my pain in my joints. I have a bad hip, since I started to wear my shape ups, my hip pain is almost gone. I recomend this shoes to everybody. Thanks Skechers, you gave me a new perspective about comfort and I will wear them forever. I am planning to buy another pair in a different color because I wear this pair to go to work every day. I have never felt this good in my whole life!!!!My wife's been asking for a simple but uniquely styled sapphire ring for a few years, this'll fit the bill nicely.Beautiful purse even better than pictured. I was tired of Coach and MK and absolutely love this purse. I have received numerous compliments.Extremely comfortable out of the box and seem to be very well constructed. I stand on hard pavement 8-9 hours a day and have had no problems with rough everyday use. They provide good support and traction on my day hikes.Q&A was very helpful, I wear a 36x36 so I purchased XL... they fit well, not as long as I like to wear but they are a good fit.  The quality seems pretty good, think a cross between jeans & khakis... they have an elastic waistband, and belt loops.  I have been holding out for pants like this but they're always too expensive...  these were like $35, a great deal!  USA! USA!! USA!!!Love this coin purse to hold loose change in. Its stylish and does the job.Nice light weight hat. I wear it to umpire. I had a game in 98 degree heat and the only down side is that it has some very bad watermarks in the brim following one day which is my only complaint. Very good and light weight fits well under mask.So cute and Love them. Fit great and I am a little chubby in the legsSolid frames, Lenses are great too. Look and fell like Maui Jims...for alot lessNot bad for the price.  Looks a bit better than they feel to be honest.Great fit and I love the lookChucks, what can I say, old classic, timeless, great price, buy um, you won't be disappointed , good for deadlifts and leg workouts too!Quick!!The size was not large enough.love itBeautiful and well mademoderately heavy duty, more so than smaller web belts, shy of the multi stitch layered ones, buckle if heavy, Stainless steel, aluminum might have been better if not brittle. Belt end loop  is loose and will need to be watched so you don't lose it. It need to either be on it while running through the loops or take it off to put it on after running the belt through the loops.
Holds position once on.I needed a ring for my pregnant wife's swelled finger. Didn't want to buy another two thousand dollar ring, nor re-size the original for only a few months of pregnancy. So I decided on this one which was very similar to her original. True they're not real diamonds, but she says it's hard to tell the difference - they shine just as much. Band is adjustable but with a moderately strong pull or push, so it keeps its shape under normal wearing conditions. Overall we're pleased with the purchase and the price was reasonable.Fits as expected.Very cute pattern but it runs very small.returned for 13Fits very good. They are great to wear at work when I'm mostly on my feet. The only thing I have trouble with is the shoes laces are too small,but great shoe for a good price!It looked just like the picture and are a lot sturdier than they look. chains work perfectly and I am very satisfied with them :)I purchased these laces in order to replace the laces that originally came in a pair of New Balance 574s.  I've given them 4 stars based on the decent price of $8.95 that I paid, which was for 2 pair or 4 laces.

These laces are advertised as being 54 inches long but according to my measurements they are 55 inches, which is accurate enough in my opinion.  55 inches includes the 5/8 inch plastic aglets on each end.  And yes, I did have to Google the name of the tube piece at the end of a shoe lace, aglet

My original laces measured about 50.5 inches without pulling them very tight and would stretch to about 55 inches when pulled rather tight.  The Orthostep laces don't seem to have any stretch to them.  I'll know soon if this translates to less conform or if it affects how well they stay tied.

From handling these laces along side the original NB laces there's an obvious quality different in the way they feel.  The NB laces feel thicker and more substantial which lends it's self to the original laces seeming to hold their shape a little better once threaded into the shoe.

These will probably hold up just fine, and unless you place them next to the original laces you probably won't notice any difference just by looking at them.

If you aren't too concerned about your shoe laces these will do just fine.  I'll use them for the next couple of months until my deployment ends, but when I get home I'll probably soak my original laces in Oxyiclean and put them back in my shoes.

I'd recommend these if you aren't concerned about having the same quality laces that come with New Balance or Nike shoes, but if you want something almost exactly like the originals I'd try a different brand of lace.Nice pendantVery useful, exactly what I needed.Very cute.Very comfortable!! Love them.Great wallet small discreet and easy to use. That said wish it held a little more cash, about 10 bills maxVery nice looking shoes.Great hat. Fits perfect. Probably going to buy more in a different color.The material is SUPER soft and the cut is very flattering but the length is VERY short (and I'm only 5'3"). I will most likely wear this with a pair of leggings as I still like garment, I just wish it would have been longer so I could wear it as a dress.Cute, as expected, just not absorbant terry cloth.  Maybe after it's washed??Super dope.  I hope amazon gets these back in stock soon.  Quality of build and the glass are both super nice.  The style?... unmatched :)Great!Love this shoe!!!great giftI love them but the calf area is too large.These shoes have never disappointed me. They fit as is they were made just for my feet. I will contine to buy them as long as they are available.I love my new yoga pants!
The quality is great!
Definitely great for work out!
Gives you nice curves.
Received this product at discounted price or free for an honest review.Love Kickee pants! So comfy for our little girl.excellent bag delivered on time at a terrific price!Fit me the way i wanted. Not to tight nor too loose. Great job at keeping me warm.Overall these socks fit as expected.  There were a little snug at the top of the sock but it seems to relax after a cold water washing and hang drying.  I do not put them in the dryer.  Tremendous value for the money.  Will buy them again.  I'm hoping these last longer than similar versions I have purchased at expensive retailers.Nce leather, well made. I wear 8-9, depending, have long, narrow feet, normal ankles and slim calves. I ordered an 8.5 and felt they were tight on my feet the first time I wore them, but they broke in quickly after a couple hours and have been perfect the fitting boots ever since. I find them sturdy, yet comfortable, in a complimentary color (nude tumbled leather) that isn't catchy or boring...just classic. I expect I will get a lot of use out of them for those reasons. Since I have only had them a short time, I can't give 5 stars because longevity is unknown, but do rate them high on all other factors.LOVE LOVE LOVE! They are soooooo comfy, and perfect in winter or summer!!! It is all we wear in our house LOLExcellent product, fulfilling what you offerI bought It for my dad and he said that would wear it and let me know what he thinks of it.I have been wearing Reefs for a while and are the only brand I buy. they are a little pricey but well worth the money. The sandels fit great . I always buy a size larger than my shoe size because I like them a little long so the heel of my foot is not hanging of the back. The heel is a little softer than the other pairs I have but over all a comfertable fit. Great buy I will buy more in the future.Worked for desired project.Very nice hoody. My 3 year old loves it. It's soft, fits well and seems very solidly built.Nice thick cotton fabric.  The tee shirt is well made, but runs a little large.  I will probably just keep this one instead of exchanging it, and use it for a sleep shirt.These are great... contrasting purples for that Barney the Dinosaur look ;)They are tight around the balls of my feet but I am hoping that will be alleviated when they are broken in.Very comfortable pants! Love the colors! Fit well but really long. Im 57 and I had to hem them about 2 inches.Thank you. The quality is very good. But they are a little narrow for me. I'm ready to buy another pair. Tell me what size do I need?I can not return because I live in Ukraine)My husband will wear no other jeans but Levi's. He says they fit him the best and they last longer than the others. So what more could a person ask for. He's a Levi man.So much easier to see my LCD navigation system display in my car with non-polarized.This dress is classy and be dressed up for any event. I ordered mine in purple and was pleasantly surprised with the deep hue. It is a beautiful dress that fit perfectly in the size ordered. I wore it to an out of town weddding this past week, and it came out of the suitcase completely wrinkle free.I love itThey are beautiful! Look just like they are shown in the picture! I cannot wait to see them in my wedding!guys, this is a cream for leather. I wish they have a similar product for my face. It cures cracks, fading, etc. etc. A must have if you want shining shoes, sofas, purses, etc.Runs small...The bra&panty set fit me exactly as I wanted, the fabric is stretchy which is also a plus!
The material is very soft and comfortable, the bows are durable and have not fallen off.

Only negative I see at all is that the side of the bra rubs and is a bit uncomfortable at first, so I'd say for long term wear the bra may cause some issues, but other than that I am very impressed.Decent boot for the price. Very comfortable.Love itGreat suit for the price. It was a hair on the loose side,  but not so much that it looked bad or made the suit dysfunctional. Length and exposure were modest without being "prudish." Would be great if it had underwire support - even with the tie at the neck,  the girls could use a little more support.Love these tops! Fits & feels great!New Balance is consistently good.Whats up my Amazon Family, its me your boy HardbodybyAnthony. I am briefly stepping away from my normal Supplement, Fitness & Nutrition reviews.

 This review is on the following:&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HDE-Women-s-Strapless-Maxi-Dress-Plus-Size-Tube-Top-Long-Skirt-Sundress-Cover-Up-Large-Coral/dp/B00ZAIWN0C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HDE Women's Strapless Maxi Dress Plus Size Tube Top Long Skirt Sundress Cover Up,Large,Coral</a>

 My Bride wears these in the summer which is why I jump on this. I actually like when she wears them, in fact, I actually like when all women wears them because of my imagination & I am sure I am not alone :-p

 I got her the Coral color, size medium, which is the smallest size. My Bride is in good shape (she better be if shes with me who is a Personal Trainer), she is 55, average size real boobs, and her only complaint was it was a little too big. Still fit, but she wouldve likes it to be a bit tighter around the top. The length was perfect & did NOT touch the ground. She said it was comfortable as it should be since it is made of 97% Cotton. Despite my imagination, if you decide to wear panties, you will definitely need to wear light colored ones because you will 100% see them. So ladies, light colors or NADA please lol. Does come is a few colors i.e., Coral, Sky Blue, Green & Hot Pink,

 I am guessing/hoping this HDE Women Strapless Maxi Dress Summer Tube Top Long Skirt Beach Bikini Cover Up will shrink in the wash because its made of 97% Cotton at least she hopes so, but if not, NBD shell just have to keep pulling it up and adjusting it.

 So IMO, I think you ladies will like this inexpensive ($16.99) Women Strapless Maxi Dress Summer Tube Top Long Skirt Beach Bikini Cover Up. I do wish they had/made a small, but maybe they will since this is a new product. I have reviewed a few things sold by HDE & I liked everything so far. Pretty good product sold at a very very affordable price!

 Size alone was the reason for the 4 star rating, nothing more.Nice shoes, but I wish I could have tried on first. I wear 6 1/2 so went with 7 and they're a bit big...they flop when I walk. I went to a garden store and saw them there, and tried on a 6, and they fit perfectly. Something to consider if you're ordering.Love very comfortableThey are a little big, but my feet swell some in the summer so they will be good.These fit me really well in the waist, and the color is very nice.  They are Talls, and could have been a little longer to have earned 5 stars. I'm 5' 11".Longer than I wanted it to be, but it works great.Very nice tie. Imagine our surprise when we saw that the label says Burberry...Had ordered several for myself and family members from QVC, when I saw them on their show many years ago. My grandson recently lost his and wanted another one. I was so disappointed when I saw that QVC no longer sells them, but very happy to find it on Amazon. Immediately ordered one, and my grandson is thrilled. It holds your money, license, credit and insurance cards. Doesn't take up any room and is very secure.Adorable boots that fit perfect for my little girl.great tshirtGreat sandal!I bought 3 colors and they are nicely made but I should have gotten a size up. I ordered small as others suggested in the reviews but it is just a bit snug for me. So if you have large boobs just get the medium you will be much more comfortableLove love love this skirt!! Fit as expected. Shipping was fast and packaged funny but overall very happy with purchase!Very attractive! I bought these clogs for work( as a nurse). While I love the  look,  I was hoping for more comfort, since they are Keens. I also have significant back problems and am always looking for shoes that are dressier than tennis shoes, but very comfortable. These don't have a lot of cushion. I had to go back to my old shoes while I keep looking. Howe very, th3se shoes seem very versatile and I will likely wear them when I ho..ut on the wweekendsThese earring were beautiful.  They worked well for my sister's wedding.  My only complaint is that they would turn around and stick so the backside of the earring was showing. Other than that they were fantastic!Love them! Fits perfectly!I used to wear these Keds Champion a long time ago.  For Christmas one year my husband bought me one pair of every color.  I wore them until they were completely worn out.  Haven't had a pair since then because I started wearing the more popular running/hiking/trail type shoes that became "the" style.  I recently saw a picture of me wearing my red Keds and it took me back to the 80's.  Started thinking about how much I enjoyed my Keds so I started looking for a pair, never really dreaming they would still be available, much less be exactly as I remembered.  SURPRISE!  I found them on several sites but the best price was at Amazon so I ordered a pair, red of course.  I LOVE THEM ALL OVER AGAIN.  They fit the same, look the same, smell the same, and have that same comfortable feel.  Thank you Amazon and thank you Keds for not changing a thing about them.  If it ain't broke don't fix it!I love these boots, but they run way too BIG!!!  They don't have my size, so I had to return them.  I have a pair of Le Chameau's (the ones Kate Middleton has) and they are fantastic!!!!Arrived on time, cheap, and rolls well. We picked out a garish pattern (plaid) so we could find it in baggage claim more easily, but it was surprisingly not that garish on arrival. Oh, well.I like these boots a lot.  They are not water proof but, they are warm and durable.Great support for work love themAll the bags work perfectly and the zippers work without any problems.I love these glasses.  They have made night driving so much better. I bought some for my husband too.  He loves his also. Great deal and they came in so quickly!!I have 3 pairs of these shoes. Tan, blue and black. They are super comfortable and I always get compliments when I wear them, especially the blue. I buy Earthies because I have back problems. This is the only shoe with any height that I can wear.Great Xmas present for a GOT fan!Good productPleased with the shirt. Usually wear a medium  but was contacted and informed the run a little small so changed my order to large. Thanks ChrisReceived as expectedIt's a cute shirt, my son likes it.  I just wish it were cheaper.This cross is truely lovely. My daughter was concerned it would be too trendy but due to the size- about 1 inch- and the quality it is perfect. The chain was slightly short so I purchased a longer one. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.My wife loves these pants. She is short and they fit perfect and appear to be good quality.Nice and comfortablewhen you want to scare your friendsBeautiful product! Exactly what I asked for, and even got here before it was supposed to!!It was very cute and fit perfectlyMy wife loved this shirt.  She loves Poe and tanks so I got this for her as a gift.  Have gotten 2 shirts from this company.  No issues with either if them.My daughter loved her boots. They were the right fit and comfortable. Thank you for your prompt delivery and service!I'm always on the hunt for warm (or warmer) socks and gloves, as I'm often working outside in the winter weather.  These socks are pretty decent, but when the temps hit the teens, I use toe warmers.  Decently priced, and definitely a quality product.  Surprisingly, I've found the Heat Holders socks to be the best.Loved this top and want to order other colors but can't seem to find it again on Amaxon.Nice, what I expected.Love, love, love this necklace, it is small and delicate, but strong enough to wear all day.Somewhat slippery, but comfortable. They work well.Fits as expected. No padding in the bottom but nothing an insert couldn't fix.  For the price they are definitely worth itMy son loves it. It fits him well, but the sole is torn so faster than I expected. Perhaps, I will  choose the other brand next time.Didn't realize how heavy they would be. They're very comfortable and warm!PerfectShoe was just what I wanted but the width did not work for me.  I had to return them.  I need a wider width.My husband normally wears a 3 or 4x. We ordered a 5x and it fits really nicely!Converse delivers again. Great shoes. Fit my little man perfectly.Great sweet. I want more. Really wish I could afford to buy more. I'll wait intill they go on sale.Beautiful necklace and great service. I am very pleased and will order from this site again !All goodI've worn Bali bras for the past 30 years and this is the first time I've ordered this model. I LOVE IT! It's so comfortable, especially with the longer line and 5 hooks. I asked my husband how it looked(under a T-shirt), since the reviews had mentioned that the cups were Sweater Girl pointy, and he said " The Girls" were right where they belonged. Being 5' 1 1/2" with a 44DDD, it's very hard to find bras that fit comfortably and don't turn the girls into a uniboob. This bra is amazing. Thank you Bali!Very nice boot for the money!I love this dress so much that I have it in black and pink. It's comfy and well made. I'm pregnant and the diagonal stripes across the tummy are flattering. The only thing is that it's a tad long. I'm 5 foot 9 and I step on it sometimesa little to highNot as nice looking with a navy blazer. Needed a lighter gray, but it's hard to tell the exact color when ordering online. He wore them to a wedding and they looked OKGreat hooded.A lil big so get the next size down.The material is remarkably comfortable!  I LOVE this shirt.

I'm quite lean and this shirt is cut a little wide.  Normally built men will like the fitThese water shoes are both stylish and comfortable. They are good for low impact activities but when I climbed a waterfall and plunged into water the front part came off several times. Besides that they were useful and dried quickly.The shorts fits the way I expected. They usually run one size  small. I always buy dockers one size bigger.BeautifulSuper cute. I got a lot of compliments on it. It's just slightly too small/short to cover all my hair, even with a wig cap, but I was able to hide it pretty well. Overall happy with the wig and would recommend.It was exactly what my husband was looking for as a weekend bag!Excellent jacket in all aspects, my son loves it!after receiving this duster. They're comfy, look great and after being laundered multiple times still look I just bought them.These boots are awesome, and the hidden wallet works wonderfully, I would however get the wider ones next time the ones I got where a little tight, but other than that great!I love these tunics they look great with leggings I have a bunch of different colors. Covers your bottom!Perfect fit, very fast shipping. Outstanding quality.They don't show . . . But I had a hard time withthe size, they kept slipping inside my shoes.These socks does what they are suppose to do, which is keep my toes warm. They are very comfortable and and not too bulky so you can wear them with sneakers and not have the tight over crowding feeling you would get with some socks. Not a bad buy at all.WAS BOUGHT FOR SOMEONE ELSE WAY TO SMALL SO WE KEPT IT NICE SHIRT IT FITSAbsolutely beautiful! So pleased with the quality & the craftsmanship is stellar!No lining as they're are cut outs in top so blue dye slightly gets on your foot but nice shoeI was really surprised how high quality these bands were for the price. Worth every penny. They look awesome and are very comfortable to wear. I have also noticed that they dry quickly when you get water on them. Will be purchasing again.lightweight-waterproof a good sandal for poolsideThese earrings are cute at a good for the price. Plus they arrived in good timing. They look just like the photo but come in a deep red color, prettier than the picture. They are small and dainty, but I have gotten complements on them already. I like how the claps secures them on you loop making sure they don't slide out of your piercing like hook backed earring can sometimes do.

I am very pleased with this item. I was a little worried when I purchased them due to the mix reviews but I am glad I took a chance. These are definitely one of my top favorites of the jewelry I bought through Amazon so far.Too small for 11Love it. Gorgeous vibrant red color.Better than your typical flip-flop! The sandal gets better over time as the foam bottom conforms to the shape of your foot to give you better support than a flat bottomed flip flop. I also will only buy sandals with cloth straps because it won't chafe my foot and give me horrible blisters. If you're like me and not willing to shell out $40+ for a pair of Rainbows, these are definitely a great alternative. I've been wearing mine for over a year!At first they looked huge but little did we know we overestimated our bodies haha fit great! The color was pretty dark brownIt doest hug my feet like the white/blue pair did, don't know if they are made differently other than colorCame fast and works as expected.Totally recommend this sandal/shoe. Feels like you don't even have them on!  I would buy 1 size bigger if I were you.Great quality,washes well....very happyFit super great! I wear a 38 c bra and the medium kept everything in place. I run in this bra with no issues.This mask is very comfortable, lined in felt, and is exactly as pictured.  It fits my face and has soft ribbon ties.  The construction feels sturdy and the glitter and brocade around the edges are intact and feel like they will be for a long time.  I would definitely buy it again and look forward to wearing it to a Mardi Gras party.The pjs were everything I hoped as far as looks go. They for smaller than I expected even having read to expect them to be a little small.Made good just made small. Need a size bigger.I've only had it a week, but this is a terrific little time-keeper.  It has the basic functions I want (alarm and dual time), and it's slim and classy for a "plastic" watch...and the price is right!  If I had a complaint, it would be that the band is too short:  I have slender wrists, and the buckle is in the third-to-last notch, right at the end if the band.  This makes it seem more like a boy's watch than a man's; most men will want to look for a larger watch, imo.Must reinforce buttons. Put in washer and dryer, held up great. Color as expected.I've had these before--I think I liked the previous version a little better. These seem to ride up in the back. Otherwise, very breathable and comfortable.Gift for my son for his 21 birthday  he Love it and a Black&Glod bracelet.I was searching for a warm golf hat and found the KENT made by Wigens on Amazon.  I kept reading the reviews of the different options and based on the reviews of this wool hat, I bought it.  I have used it in January, February, and March, playing in 30 and 40 degree weather.  It is a great hat because it performs like the wool it is made of, keeps your head warm while "breathing."  I have even played golf in the rain and it keeps my head dry!  It is made in Estonia where they must know how to make warm hats because it is.  I like that it is a fitted hat and that it has a very comfortable, quality lining.  The measurement chart was spot on, and believe it or not it fits perfectly whether the ear flaps are up or down.

I even like the small Wigens logo made of metal on the side.  I wear the hat not only on the golf course, but everywhere I go when it is cold outside.  Unless you just have to have a Nike, PING, Callaway, etc. logo on your hat versus staying warm, I highly recommend this hat.

Best wool golf cap I have ever owned!  I love it.This is good pants. I use to buy pleated pants from Lands End for over 25 years but ealier this year I bought 3 pairs  with extremely disappointed because of poor quality,the hem was shoddy .i ordered these Haggar pants first Jeans then these.So beautifullyThe product quality is fine. The weight of the material is better than expected.
THE ONLY ISSUE I HAVE IS THE USPS LEFT THE BOX UNCOVERED IN THE RAIN. IF NOT FOR THE PLASTIC PACKAGING OF THE SHORTS THEY WOULD HAVE BEEN SOAKED.loved this costume! great quality, great fit, great price. my kid literally looked like the baby in the picture. super cute. i highly recommend getting this one. the only tiny annoyance is that the velcro on the chin strap occasionally came undone and the hat would slide a little, but that was not a big deal. also, my kid ALWAYS pulls off his hats and socks and.. everything! he basically left this costume alone when he had it on. i assume that means it was comfortable for him to wear.This is even more beautiful that advertised. I got numerous compliments! Great Deal!These really are as comfy as people say. And somehow they make even my pudgy legs look good!thought they were smaller, but they edned up being bigger which was even BETTER!!!! Great price!!!! Loved them!!!Very Pretty Dress! Color and style as pictured!!! It fits as expected. This style is very flattering on my body and can be used as a bridesmaid dress or a formal dress. Great quality. I will definitely buy from this seller again. Thank you! I bought this item at a discount for my honest and unbiased opinion.Nice socks.goodMy 90 year old mom is thrilled with these Sandlers. Great support and allows for room to support an uncomfortable hammer toe without pressing against it.Very comfy.  Three season wear in the South.As a serious flip flop wearer...this is one comfortable flip flop.  A couple years ago I bought my first pair of Rafters.....I bought two more pairs to wear.  The sole is thick and comfy. Would recommend this......Very nice! Firm bottoms, soft uppers, good non-slip treads. Seem to fit the same as her Stride-Rite shoes.Fits as described and expected.Really like this camisole.  Very soft with a nice long tail for tucking in.its nice quality and very comfortable. just be sure to size up.very goodCan't stop buying them Converse!
I'm in total love, received this thing, put my foot in it, put a smile on my face.
Tho, gotta say, the particular model I got, seems to be on the warm side, it's a bit thicker than usual, so I think it'd sweat a lot in summer time, or for running or activity, so I'd guess it's better worn in Winter, or for small periods without much activity. Just a thought!The brand name has always been a good brand for anything that I have gotten in the past and this time it did not fail me, "yes" I will buy this item againJust like the old days.  Comfort and style.  They have not changed at all....great !!!  My thanks for keeping them available.Some reviews stated that this fits very large but I don't find that the case at all. Now if your extremely thin, and I mean extremely itay be slightly big on you but for an average thigh it's perfect.Good quality cotton.The Galiva Men's Cotton ExtraSoft Crew Cushion Socks are very soft to the touch.  They are comfortable to wear, with just the right amount of tension to stay up but not so tight as to feel constricting. Your feet will feel nicely padded even though the socks don't feel particularly thick. The socks come hallway up the calf, which is a bit high, I think, for crew socks. They feel light in weight compared to similarly sized socks.  The socks seem to have started pilling with just one wear and wash; Ill return with an update if the pilling continues.  The socks come in a sturdy, attractive box; its like getting a silk-wrapped plastic comb, but it does make for a nice gift.I'm so excited it was just what I wanted and it can just like they said it would .. Thank you so very muchLove that this necklace is on Prime so I could wear it right away! Perfect size & love the power that the lotus flower representslove these shoesLeft foot  did not feel  rightGreat product ran too big for an XL.My favorite wedges!  True to size.Great dress. I used it for a Halloween costume. Fit nicely, I am 5'10 and the skirt came to my knees. Size chart is true to the product. The zipper would stick at times and the armpits were cut a but tight and rubbed after a while. Overall though I was very pleased.It's okDecent earring. I got it for my cartilage piercing. It was actually a little too big, I thought. I had issues with the earring back. It kept falling out and I eventually lost the back but not the earring. I just put on a different back and it's been fine.Exactly as described. Very comfortable.will buy these again, they're GREAT !!!!!!!Love these bootsThis ring is going to be my wedding ring in a few months. The price is great and it's very pretty. The band is very thin and there is no way to engrave it, so keep that in mind. Also, the diamonds are unevenly sized, but it's only noticeable upon very close inspection, and for the price you can't expect perfection. It definitely seems like a great starter ring.These shoes are exactly what I've been looking for! I'm planning a trip to Europe and was looking for something that was casual and comfortable but didn't look like I was about to go running, ie: not a sneakery-sneaker. These are really light, cute, and I could literally walk miles in them (which is great because I have a really hard time finding a comfortable shoe for my flat feet, and my feet hurt A LOT!). Really thankful for these, and the price was great too. Highly recommend.I don't have much to say about this other than if you are going to use one it takes time. I've worn stuff like this all the time. I love itPerfectEspectacular esta pijama, las amo-Luckily I read reviews and ordered a large since I'm normally a small. They came within time frame as stated and fits well.Arrived on time, fit was perfect!I think I could have purchased my true 8 but then my toes would have been right at the tip. I have room to wiggle with. I'm really glad the ankle strap has multiple holes so I can fasten it as tight as I want. Classic sandal in a great color.no complaintsCute but too big. I'm 5.7" around 140lbs and I believe I ordered the Medium, should have went with a smaller sizelove my earrings.These jeans were too large, but this was my fault. Reading reviews that said the fit was small I ordered his usual size despite him having lost some weight.  I reordered them because the style is perfect for slim not 20 something men.I've had this model of watch since the 1980s! I have had several of them throughout the years and I depend on it every single day for the time, date, chronograph and the best part of all, the 1, 3, 5, 10, 15, 20, 30 timer. When I first started wearing this watch I could easily see the numbers along the top for the timer. This watch has become such a part of me over the years and now that I am quite a bit older and maybe can't read the tiny timer numbers like I once could, it doesn't matter since I can operate the timer so easily without even looking at it. It's second nature! The one I am wearing now is about five years old and the watch band needed to be replaced today. I couldn't bear to be without it for even a day, so I went right out got a new band for it. I work at a railroad and I rely heavily on this watch! The watch is a nice size and is very easy to read. I have rather small wrists and it is just perfect and very comfortable. I am purchasing two more of these watches today because I want to make sure I have enough of them to last me for the rest of my days. I will put them away just in case this one ever stops working. So if you are like me and are very time conscious and can't bear to be without a watch at all times, I must say that this one is the most useful watch I have ever had the pleasure of wearing by far! And you sure can't beat the price either!! I'd give it a MILLION stars if I could! : )I love the shoes they are great fit as I expected I'll be ordering more in the future great product great price!!WORKED VERY WELLI've never been a fan of Invicta brand watches, but I decided to give this watch a try, and I must say that I am impressed.  First of all, this watch is not black.  It is a gun metal color.  Also, this watch is huge...and heavy; that is no exageration.  If you don't like big bulky heavy watches, this watch is not for you.  Overall, the watch appears to be well made.  It says it is Swiss made, but because of the $230 price tag, I'd say that only 51% of the watch is actually Swiss made.  Also, There's no way Invicta would sell a watch with a regular retail price close to $2000 for only $230.  Therefore, I wouldn't expect this watch's quality to be equal to that of a $2000 price tag. I'd say its quality is equal to a watch worth $400 to $500.  I'm pretty sure this is a pricing ploy to lure in potential buyers.  Don't let that inflated regular retail price fool you. If you want a $2000 watch, then buy a $2000 watch.

All that being said, overall, this watch seems to be well made and it looks great, too, and for only $230 with free shipping, you can't beat that.It's what expected from this type of rain bonnet.  Keeps neck and total head dry.Received this beautiful watch for my birthday. I love the great design and craftsmanship,I would highly recommend this beautiful watch very happy customer Love the quality! My 6 month old wore for swim lessons and this was so easy to snap on. Has a lot of padding and feels very soft.The peak of fashion, ladies and gentlemen. Bring the style of the Milan catwalks home with this trendy shirt.Fairly light fabric with lots of stretch. I ordered a size up from what I usually wear and it fits well.. although quite form fitting (especially on arms). Purchased to wear with a maxi skirt pulled up under the V-neck (so Maxi become a Midi skirt.. stomach covered). Color is pretty much what it appears in photo.VERY NICE BOOTS.  MADE VERY WELL AND GREAT QUALITY.Very nice and comfy wool socks. Warm but good for business use. Fit well and look fairly professional. Would buy again.This product definitely does what it says (hands free breast pumping), but I think it could be better so I'm deducting a star. The zipper in the front is a bit annoying, I wish it was just Velcro like the back of the bra. It also just feels like a bit strip of fabric, not really a bra at all. I can't imagine wearing this under my clothes as work. I put it on only when I'm ready to pump, I wish it were more like a regular bra with better shaping.It fit perfectly I love it sooo much dat am goin to buy more jst as the pic it come the same n the material feel goood. Love love itGood firLove the backpackVery comfortable.I wear this often. I love it.I really like these earrings. They are comfortable because they are lite weight. They are so shiny that they almost look whiteGreat for yard work.Beautiful just as the picture. A little tight but nothing a few less lbs won't fix..lol. I got a large and is a bit snug would suggest getting a size bigger since they do run small. Overall, great!Great fit!Rad!!Super cute and comfortable!its suck the water too goodGood Material for the price dident get cold and i was always warm i used for go to europe on winter and it works as i expectedI wear an extra large so I read the reviews first and actually went up a size and it fit PERFECT !! I love it!! Depending on material of your outfit you can see the corset thru it but it DOES THE JOB!! Buy it !!I like Fidji shoes.  They are unique.  These particular shoes are pretty and feminine. When I was trying them on in my office (where they were delivered ) a male coworker happened in and said they were pretty.  I wear a size 5 so I bought the 35 and they fit.  Also, I bought them on sale so the price was right.I love the fabric of this swim suit so much. It feels so luxurious.  The colors are even more beautiful than I expected. Can't wait to wear it.Love them , comfortable and bling !! couldn't ask for anything better .PerfectThis is both a great skirt and a not great skirt. That's because I have two of them and they are not the same.

The first one is an aqua tie dye that is ankle-length on me (my inseam is 33", and I'm 5'10) and fits great around the hips and waist (I normally wear a size 10-12).

The one I received today is a red tie dye. It's at least 3" shorter and a size smaller, even though they have the same tag and sizes (large).

For the price, it's worth the hit-or-miss aspect. Just be aware that these reviews probably won't be very useful for you when you're trying to figure out what size to order.I love the watch but I thought the dial would be champagne gold instead of rose gold.Love these scrubs. The just run alittle big. About a half size bigger then expected. But comfty.Awesome bracelet. Fit perfectly! Looks sharp! Really like the company's meaning for being & how they bring their passion to their workMy initial impression is that bang for the buck this is hard to beat.  Its a nice thick strap that appears to be well built.  I looks great on the watch that I bought it for.  It is a little stiff but it will form to my wrist with a little time.  This looks nearly identical to the Maratac Composite watch bands for all I know it may be the same strap.

For 10 bucks and free shipping it would be hard to do better.  Time will tell if it holds up to the abuse that it will be subjected to.
The only drawback is I was hoping for a large/longer band.  Its a standard size band that you find on the Eco-drives etc. I have larger wrists and it fits but without as much overlap as I would like.Good qualityThis is an ivory dress with a beautiful floral pattern. I've worn it a number of times with red heels to a whole host of compliments. I'm 5'7 and 140 lbs and I bought the 6P. There's a bit of extra room, but nothing too drastic. The 4 would have been too small. This is extraordinarily comfortable to be in all day. It wrinkles a little after a LOT of wear. I would recommend this to everyone.Nice, perfect blue colour and unlike the rayon  fabric which starts to knap after a few washes the  Patty Boutik this  polyester material is washer friendly. I will buy again.With was good, but ran a little larger than the crocs loafers I usually buy.Got what I expectedSubstantial item. Really nice lines.A little tight but a very slimming and elegant dressGoodThey are nice but hurt a bitI've worn this once so far; it was comfortable and didn't make me feel too warm (I ordered white) because the material is thin, though this does mean your bathing suit is fairly visible under it.  One thing to note is that the neck line is a little strange - I do feel a little matronly with it zipped all the way up.  Also, the zipper does not actually go down all the way along its seam, which I find a little odd - it stops over an inch higher than it looks like it should.  This might make nursing a little more difficult than I hoped for and I specifically bought a zip-down rash guard to facilitate nursing.  I wavered on which size to pick and ultimately went with small; I think extra small probably would have given a better fit (for reference, I'm about 5'4", 123 lbs with a lean upper body).  My husband said it looked really nice and so far I'm pretty pleased with it, would consider ordering another in black but might look at other zippered options as well.Great quality and nice design I like them and are really fashionable!!! Great JobIt fits perfectly and I like how it feels, too. Highly recommendedThe overall comfortable shoes, goods or good, will buy again.Got this as a gift.  It is awesome.  It is very well made.  Nice strong seams.  Sturdy fabric.  Packable.  Perfect size and color.I am always a size 6 in footwear, but get a 6.5 for sneakers (Converse, Vans). I bought the navy Keds in size 6(M), medium width, and it's a little too narrow. However, going up to 6.5 would result in the shoes being too long. I won't be able to wear these without socks in the summer, so I'm going to invest in a pair of insoles when summer comes. I agree with previous reviewers that these shoes run narrow and long. After having them on my feet for some time with thin socks, they have stretched slightly in width. The quality is pretty good, comparable to canvas Converse and Vans. I bought Keds to wear around on campus since I wanted something less bulky than Converse All-stars and a bit more feminine than Vans Lo Pros. Overall, I'm satisfied with my purchase and might buy another pair in the future.Bought as gifts.  they loved themNice watch. A little small for a big wrist but otherwise a good time piece.Kind of a classic design. Fits well, seems well made, and warm. Good leather, though not great.

More than adequateGot it for my Daughter, she loved it!!! Fits her perfect!This dress is so pretty. Exactly what I was expecting. True to size. I would purchase it again.I love toms. I have several pair. But these so fit a little more snug than I am used to. I didn't account for the thickness of the lining. If I get another pair like this, I will go up a half size. But they are made with the quality I expect from Toms and the colors are really nice with this fabric. I hope they will stretch a bit.This is one of our favorite outfits, and the slightly large fit means we get to use it for months.  Not just a week, as sometimes happens.  It is adorable when worn - lots of compliments.  Very comfy for baby, and the sizing is great.  Love this!Great umbrella. Very easy to open and close, sturdy.  So good, so far!great product. works as expected.Pretty well made and served its purpose.Great suitcase for the money. Survived an eight day tour of Mexico without any incidents.It is well made and is working well. I just wish I had bought the next size down. I ordered according to your size chart.My favorite scrub top. I now have one for each day of the week. The neckline is not revealing, the back panel is stretchy so it never feels binding when working with patients. Does not pill, wear thin, or lose its color.Only wore them once. But so far so goodLove it so far! Stylish and large enough to hold all my things! I just wish it was slightly lighter in weightVery light weight.
Short break in time.
Decent pricing.
So far, the boots are holding up.
Amazon is a good place to find larger size boots.This wallet is perfect for caring a few essential cards and small amount of cash to work without a bulky purse.  It fits in my pocket and I always have it when I need it.These were just as I expected based on other reviews.Actually I love the leather cord necklace....but my only issue is that, even though it was one of the smallest clasps I could find on line, it still did not fit through the loop on my pendant...but it was very close and was able to find a local jeweler with tiny tools,  that could get it to work.It is a very beautiful dress.LOVE it!!!! Fit perfectly....he is 6'1" and about 200lbs and it fit well.I bought these for my 15 year old daughter for Christmas. She loves them!! They are a great fit. She's worn them a ton and they still look brand new.Not eaxtly made for being on your feet all day but still comfortable to wear on a daily basis. Little bit of advice, alcohol wipes work really well to clean the white rubberIt's okVery good fit.Nice shorts but the fabric could be a little better and softer.It is  a good item for the price. Decent quality. Runs a bit smaller than usual, I wear a medium and I bought a large. Fits well.I purchased these shoes for my husbands birthday.  He uses them all the time.  He loves how comfortable
they are.  He does alot of walking and they don't hurt his feet.  The first day he put them on he said
they never felt like new shoes they were immediately comfortable.  I was not sure about the color when
I got them cause he always used white, but he had no problem with the color in fact he liked the fact that
it was different.  The colors are not outrageous they are very suttel. I will purchase them again.  Oh and
the size is correct not an off size like a previous pair I purchased.Softens as it washes.So soft! Got it for my stay in the hospital when I had my son and it was perfect! Nice and warm in those cold hospital rooms.Great fit! Love these jeans! Wouldn't buy any other kind of jeans! Great look, also! Love the design on the back pocket.far superior to Amazon.caNicehad to return for a larger sizeNice quality shirt but just a tad tighter than I like.These gloves were purchased for my daughter. She seems pleased with them so far, temperatures haven't reached a level for her to use them. They are fashionable and a reasonable price.Nice boots but narrow. Funny, I bought the brown color in same size and they fit fine but the black pair pinch the sides of my feet just below the toes. Returning them.LOVE these shoes! One of my favorite pair I own.  Good quality for the money!  Highly recommend!Excellent fit. Feels great! Got in sooner than expected :) very happy with this purchaseJust what I needed.  Great looking, rustic material.  This would be too light to display outside if there is any wind, but for inside use it is perfect.It's true to the description, the fit was perfect and the price was great.  Fast shipping, arrived on time.  This was a good buy.  Only issue is there was only one to buy.Read the reviews and ordered a half size up, fits well. Still getting used to the room for my foot to breathe - usually i have shoes that hug my feet pretty closely. But the half size up allows for breathing room as previously stated, and had I gone with the size I usually wear - 7 - it would have more than likely been a bit too close as my toes are right up with the half size up. In terms of functionality - the shoes do exactly what it claims to - the transition from heel to mid-sole to toes feel very well supported and you notice the support as you walk. I have yet to really take it for a serious all out run though - by tomorrow I will. The shoes are generally comfortable, though you don't get that 'walking on pillows' feel that came with previous versions of the Cumulus - at least with the 14, which is the last Cumulus I had. This may not be a bad thing however, as due to how very soft the 14 was, it allowed for massive under/over pronation by taking the general shape of your feet. The 16 is comfortable and supportive, without that too soft squishy feeling. Overall a good shoes thus far. Also - shipping was fast, even with standard shipping.love the colour! I order a size up after reading the reviews. got an xc5 previously but it runs small so I purchased another one :( anyhoo, maybe I shouldve gotten an 8 instead of an 8.5 but then again I got scared that an 8 might not fit me ( with socks on ) lol  I wish theyd give measurement of the insides so people can order based on it.

exterior measurement (end to end) 10.5 inches
interior measurement (end to end) 9.5 inches

now I dunno if I made t he right decision of getting an 8.5 instead of an 8 lolLove itLooks awesome and fit as expected. The only troubling thing is that the bottom tends to roll up, it's only a bother if your walking around public.My son is tall and thin. I ordered an irregular size and I was concerned that they would be too big when I took them out of the package but they ended up being only slightly baggies than I wanted. We kept them and I know in a few washes they will be perfect.Love it. Super cool, and comfy.After reading many other reviews I ordered my Mocs a full size smaller than I normally wear and I am so glad I did! The smaller size fit perfectly. These moccasins are so comfortable!This is a very nice ring! Size is on and it is easy on your finger!Good product. Fit well.I love it.  I'm a large USA and ordered 2 sizes larger. Item arrived fast. I'm 5'6. 150lbs and ordered an xxl and fit great.I purchased this bag from the outlet store on clearance for $16. I really love the watercolor print because I love purple and it matches my purple kindle fire case that I can easily fit inside the bag along with my phone in the side pocket and a few knickknacks in the inside pocket and just inside. I wish that there was more pockets in the interior so it would be more organized. I love the size and the drawstrings which I think make it look cute and give the insides more privacy. Overall I really love this bag.These jeans have a good fit, decent stretch, feels durable, triple needle stitched, all around great product so far (product bought was a 30X30).This is the second one of these that I have bought. It is comfy and warm, but the seams have come apart in several places. It is easily fixed with a needle and thread, but it is not well constructed.Good looking shoes, and they are comfortable as well.Love them.  Very comfortable.  Nice feel and look.  Did not need any "break in"  time.  I have always wanted a pair and these are a good style for women with thicker legs.HUSBAND LOVES IT !!  GOOD COMPANY ~These fit well and I have to break them in.Really like this boot! Very cute. I wear a size 8.5. These are a little snug to pull on and snug for my wider foot, however, I have such a hard time finding comfortable, trendy shoes that I am hoping they will "break-in" a little. I'm willing to sacrifice some comfort for cuteness with these.I normally wear a 9, but I have wide feet, I ordered a nine and they fit, but I think I could have went up to a 91/2 because my foot is wider.  If your foot is normal they should be fine. They were comfortable from the beginning. I just wore them for a few hours with thick socks and now they fit my foot better. Tan color is neutral and goes with everything.I had doubts with this shoe at first, however, I read the reviews and decided to order a half size up(I wear a 8 and purchased a 8.5) and the fit is perfect.  The shoe is comfortable so far, happy with the purchase.Perfect fitI bought them for my mom who said her legs (specifically knees) were always cold. She loved them so much, I bought 2 more.Super cute companion shirt for the women's version, love the hairy chest, nice touch! Makes hubby smile! Gonna go polka dancing!Was a surprise gift for my Husband on our wedding day. He got a kick out of them! Only downfall was they didn't stay up - the elastic at the very top stretched out too much but overall good for the price.High quality and comfortable shoe...can get a bit warm after a couple hours during a 80 degree+ day. great priceHard to find a sweatshirt that my husband likes and one that fits him well.  This is the one.  Would buy again!The skirt is a little long but fits nice.I purchased these for my 15 month old son and they are exactly what I was looking for! In spite of my fears i found that the sole is very flexible and the shoes are very easy for him to walk in. I absolutely love that he cannot inadvertently kick one of the shoes off in a store or at park- These babies are staying on no matter what!! He has other pairs of shoes but these are the only ones he brings to me to put on so I think that means they are comfortable and his favorite too.Cute!I personally own the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/ZLCS-114/dp/B00366TY66/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">ZLCS-114</a>. I've handled the new case in stores and I honestly don't see how it is much different from the older model. I suggest saving a few bucks and ordering the older model. The laptop I transport in it is a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/HP-Pavilion-DM3-1130US-13-3-Inch-Laptop/dp/B00318CG8C/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">HP Pavilion DM3-1130US 13.3-Inch Laptop</a>&nbsp;and it fits neatly into the Caselogic ZLCS with a little room to spare. This is the perfect laptop case for the student, business person or even casual user on the go. It has a plethora of storage compartments ranging from memory card sized to compartments the full height and length of the case. Along with my laptop, I can easily store a spare battery, my power brick and cord, an external DVD drive with some disks, a novel, a phone, my wallet, a compact digicam, pens and folders; ...and still have room to spare. Pockets and compartments are well laid out and items inside are easy to get at. I don't travel much, but I can see the Grab and Go feature being a boon to busy travelers in a hurry at the airport, as well as the straps that attach it to a rolling bag.

Construction quality is what I've come to expect from Case Logi. In other words, very good. I've owned it for over a year now and everything appears well put together and the materials durable. There are no signs of wear yet. The straps are sturdy. I especially like the large nylon zipper pulls, as I've had my share of metal ones break after a short period of time. I'd have to rate the padding exceptional too, though I hopefully won't have to test it myself. I did drop it onto a table from a height of about 2 feet and the cushioning did its job.

Aesthetically speaking, I feel it could have more appeal, but the basic black is no-nonsense and functional. At this price point I don't see how a person could do much better. In fact, I am hard pressed to find anything to complain about. If you need a lot of room for papers and other equipment, then you might need to look at a bag with more storage. But for the light traveler and for day-to-day use, you really can't go wrong with this ZLCS-214.

~KortGoodLoved the look of this dress - it was just a little bit too long for me.These are the heaviest pants available. They run a little large,  but they are as good as advertised. Too heavy for the Texas summer heat. You won't be disappointed if you're looking for something that strong and durable.Perfect size - just what I needed!!Should of gotten bigger size but haven;t bought shoes in so long lol thankyouThis was a gift for my boyfriends best friends girlfriend for her birthday/first mothers day present. She loves it and had her heart set on this hoodie for a while nowSleeves fit tighter than the rest of the cardigan.colorGreatExcellent, perfect love the style. Love the fit. So soft. Dont know you have them on. Size 8GreatGreat shirt, especially for the price. They run large, so planning on ordering a size down, I typically wear a medium trim fit, and the small in this shirt is plenty big enough.These T-Shirts were just what I was looking for.  Anyone looking for sleeveless pocket t's, this is your product.I would purchase this brand again.I purchased these tennis shoes based on all the other great reviews and I concur. These shoes are comfortable and look great. I brought my hubby a pair too. Men's of course.Beautiful, but need fabric tape to keep it where it needs to be. Also, be careful reaching high!these are awesome from a fit+cut durability aspect... but the black isn't as black as you'd want them to be...the white ones are overall a better choiceThis dress is absolutely AMAZING!! I bought this for my 25th birthday party. True to size. I'm 5'7 and approx. 159 pounds and 36d, I ordered a medium and it was perfect. I don't think that the dress is as short as everyone makes it out to be. If you're not used to wearing short dresses then it definitely would be uncomfortable and this isn't something to wear to a family function. The top portion is sheer and I'm not too sure if it's just me but the neck line was more of a low V rather than a deep V and wasn't as opened as I thought. Still not an issue but I definitely loved it.Great price for a large and seemingly durable duffel.Item arrived on time, fits as expected. Love the material great for work.Good shoes for my boy.Perfection!!The set of 5 drop crystals are beautiful.  They are very exquisite.  I can wear these crystals with my wardrobe, the different colors are very complementary.  Thank you for this set.I love the shoes! They're comfy, and didn't take a lot of breaking in. The blue suede is very nice, and I'll probably buy another pair.Thick and great qualityI love it, but my husband wouldn't wear it because of the large logo on the front.  I wish that was a bit smaller, the color is great, the material is nice and the fit was fine.  I will probably steal it for something.Love the weight of the shirt, they are just always such a great fit. I bought this one for a Christmas gift hopefully they love as well as we do.The right size, but the clothes pillingVery nice quality and color. Not cheap looking. Love that it is reversible.I like to wear it for the irony.My sister loved this set especially the different design of the jewelry.  It made the perfect birthday gift! She has gotten so many compliments on it.This was such a pretty dress! My daughter looked great in it, but it runs big. If your true size is a small you should order the xsmall or size 2. I had to return it and they didn't have her size available.Beautiful--looks more expensive than it costs!Very well made, would definitely recommend.I love these slippers. I had a pair before but I wore them out and ended up searching everywhere to find a pair like them. I have hardwood floors and walking around doing chores without shoes of some kind causes my feet to ache after a while, but I can wear these for hours and get all my work done and my feet feel wonderful. They're nice and warm in the winter as well.Came in handy the day after they arrived when it rained. Not too thin a material and nice and colorful. We both like the 'back tuxedo tails'. My teenager liked her yellow flowered version and I prefer the black/white version so there's no fighting over them..This watch is really nice for the price.  It looks much better than I expected and feels quite substantial.  It has audible ticking, but that really isn't a big deal.  It really has lots of bling, which is fun.I bought this jacket as a gift to my husband and he loved it. He received lots of compliments when he wore it out. He looked very classy in this jacket. Great communication from seller and delivered on time. I definitely recommend this seller.This is a really nice shirt.  I got the green/blue, and the colors are vibrant.  I'm a size 12/14 (5'7, 180 lbs.), and this is very flattering to my figure.  Most of my fat is around my stomach and abs.  It's not one of those empire waists that makes me look pregnant.  I'd give it 4 1/2 stars is I could.  The only reason it didn't get five stars is because I think the chest area could be just a little bigger.  I'm a 36D, and I felt like that part was a bit small for me.  But it's nothing I can't work with!  Overall, it's a great shirt, and I'd recommend getting it.Love it!My daughter loves this dress and can't wait for a reason to wear it outIt liked it. Good price.This ring was bigger and nicer than I expected.  Very well made and fits to size.  I am happy I ordered it.Excellent stability shoe! My orthotics fit perfectly in these. Love the color too!These earrings did not look at pretty in person as they did in the photo. However, they are attractive, versatile, and reasonably well made for the price. They were a Christmas gift for my granddaughter (20) and she has already worn them several times and received compliments.In My year, I've had experience with Fruit of the Loom brand underwear. I have found tee shirts and briefs and boxers to be very thin material not as roomy as I prefer in the boxers. Very good price though, I will live with him.100% Comfortable, Barely noticeable, even with my caramel skin complexion. Love Them Both. I Use These Retainers For When I Sleep, So Its Comfortable For Me To Sleep, Face Down In The Pillow. Highly recommend these!I bought these to assert my dominance over my friends while playing cards. I've been on a losing streak ever since, but at least I can stare at the lights on the ceiling fan without seeing spots.Love these sneakers.  Great comfort.Not as durable as expected. Thin material.  Raincoat.Very good quality and it's extremely cute :)I purchased these for commuting. I needed somthing shoe like but I do not like laces. They fit great.
The only down side is the dongle at the tip of the laces can fall off and is hard to reattach.
I have had many shimano shoes in the past and they have proven most durable. I trust these will do the same.Great product my daughter loved every thing about this shoeTrust me it is worth to have it for your lady. The faibric IS soft and has such an incredible look on her and so I went online ordered 1 more (pink one) . I'm not advertising this product nor I'm getting paid for writing my review, it's just I wanted to share my experience. Good luck to you all and absolutely recommend it. 5+++++I ended up returning these shoes as they were a bit too narrow for me.  I normally wear a 2E, but in certain manufacturers I can get a comfortable fit without the wider shoe. . . . Not these though. . . .  The quality was good, and I would have gladly kept them had they fit well.I really liked these but they were way too tight. I would have sent back and ordered a bigger size but the 1/2 size up from the 8 wasn't available at the time. Very cute boots though.Lovely and as described.Very, very nice.  Congratualations Eva Hanusova! When I wear them, I get compliments. In addition, they are very comfortable! Go for purchase!This is a great set for the price. The beard and hair are very soft and full. I would recommend them.Bought these for  my daughter's 50's and 60's themed dance...sooooo cute! She loves them so much there has been talk of wearing them to school after.These boots are great for short people.  I am only 5 feet and have trouble finding tall boots that fit; they usually come up to my knees or above my knees.  These are an inch below my knees, perfect fit and very comfortable!I love these socks!I love this guys,they epitomize professionalism, excellent customer support, I pray for them to go places, in fact, their
designers and tailors are better than most on Lex and 5th without the crazy price tags, if you know what I mean! thank you
guys for a job well done! I will definitely buy again!I got this for my sister as a late birthday present and when it came in the mail I was pretty darn excited!
It came on the exact day it said it would. Anyways, once my sister got home -- I told her to close her eyes, I went behind her and I put it on her. She thought it was cute and she really liked it. :D

For such a low price, the necklace is amazing. (:Great quality luggage!  Very roomy and very durable.  I actually love this new piece of luggage!Works great for me .Great to wear in shower or at the beach or around the house.Took too long to arrive but all together I loved it.Good boots. Fit well. Good constructions.Just what I expected - very nice!Awesome light weight scarf. Yes, I would order this scarf again and I would recommend it to others. The scarf also arrived in a reasonable time frame as well.it is OK, i like its material and work but unfortunately it is pigger than size .
thank you a lotWaist is perfect, arse end is a little baggy.  Excellent looking.I loved the way clarks makes their shoes and always wear an 8N, but this one ran a bit more narrow than usual which was perfect for a friend of mine and gave them to her. She loves them.I love Mud Pie outfits. This fit my 3 year old perfect and it matches her Jungle Animal Birthday party.Photo is misleading.Good!!!https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0018MF6JY/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1Super sexy and cute, but it definitely runs big. I'm 5'5" and 125 lbs and ordered a small, and it just kinda sagged on me.Switched from putting everything on hangars with a folding garment sleeve, to this system.  Definitely can fit more in my suitcase because the hangars are eliminated.
Slightly longer time to pack as you have to fold, but it gets quicker every time.Nice wallet, however, had I known there is no clip that holds the money I would have not purchased this wallet. The wallet uses a strap to hold the money not secure. I've gone back to my old wallet until I can find a replacement.These isotoner slippers are my favorite.  The inner sole is well padded and extremely comfortable.  Eventually they mold to your foot.  The sole of this slipper is very solid yet very comfortable.  Not like the really thin soles on many slippers.  A good buy.Awesome!!!Little small for meLove them!okI like the shoe but it is a little short and the color is more lavender than purple.As some people point out this style does open on the abdomen area. They are nice, but if you are looking for a fitted top this is not it. They are very comfortable if you are moving around.Really niceAwesome mask very realisticHello - we like the moccasins but one of the shoe strings ties broke and we would like another pair of shoe strings for the moccasinsThis dress is lovely; the color is beautiful. However, it is too short for me, so I have to return it. I wish the product details include the length of dress.ExcelentThese shoes are easily the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn. Foot, knee and hip pain vastly improved. I have wide feet and these shoes fit perfectly.These were pretty good shoes for my 4 year old although they run a bit small.I was worried that stretching it out would keep it that way. But you actually stretch it relatively and it will return to its original state. I really like the dark purple colour. Warm if you're wearing it for the winter, and can be stylish for other months depending on your outfit.I read the reviews and knew to go up a size or two.  I'm normally an 8-10 and am 5'10inches tall and a lifter so I have thick thighs.  The 14 fit perfectly!  I am obsessed and deciding if I want the white or black next!!  A must!It has a tight connection to the "Earpiece" and if you have a wide one you may have a problem getting it on. But other than that it works just fine!Good quality and good fit. Shrinks slightly after washingGood quality, great price, my son is small for his age so I will keep it until next year. Ironically this size 8 was marginally longer than the Calvin Klein size 10 which I also purchased.Absolutely love these boots !!Fits as expected. I'm about size 16 pants size for womans to give you an idea on how it fits for girls that aren't very skinny but aren't very large. It adjusts as well but I haven't needed to. It stretches to put on like underwear. I like the clasps they haven't damaged my stockings, so far so good. They have come undone a few times during activities but just pop 'em back on.Was a gift, he loves it.My husband lost his original wedding ring in the ocean, we bought this as a replacement and couldn't be happier.  Wish me bought it in the first place! Looks almost identical to the one we got at the jewelry store at a fraction of the price!My only problem is the entrance of shoes is a little bit small.GreatMy son was very happy. More than one wrestler. Comfy. Wears top as shirt out. Great for boys liking wrestlingI bought so far 2 pair of these slippers....they are really nice...and they are true to size I do think they will stretch a little which is fine... I bought these for Christmas gifts but was disappointed they came in the original box but the paper was all crinkled and the support forms were missing  as I'm giving these as gifts I will replace the paper they are wrapped in....I guess that I expected them to not be open Ie touched which they were.....I'm from the U.S. and i'm 5'1 and typically a medium in shirt sizes so this shirt fit me pretty big. The sleeve length was fine, but the torso area itself is very very long. (it goes past my behind). it's something i can live with though, because i was planning on wearing this sweater with leggings as pants anyway. However, I got the "royal blue" color, which actually looks very bright blue, almost like a sky blue.
The sweater shipped much faster than the expected date. Amazon told me it wouldn't come until between September 11th - 24th, but it arrived August 25th (about 2-ish weeks after i ordered it).
overall, i like this sweater. i'm not in love with it, but i like it.im no expert on this kind of stuff, but i had no problems with it so its good i guess. its not as itchy as you may think. when i airsoft with this protecting my neck, it does.It might be this but this chain has held my heart pendant with no problems what so ever. My 3 year old has even tugged on it a couple times and it has not broken. I have very sensitive skin and can only wear real gold, and I have been wearing this since it arrived, with no issues what so ever. Its perfect and the price was amazing!!! I recommend this to anyone.I Love Koi, they always fit greatLove it !!! Great priceLOVE THIS PIECE - VERY NICE FOR THE PRICEVery sturdy and is still making it through the school year.  My child has about 4-5 subjects a night, which makes the back heavy. Also, she has to carry the bag up a flight of stairs. No rips or holes. Wheels actually move and do not slide. Several compartments which is great, especially the one one where you can put shoes (I just found out about that one). I saw complaints about the handle, but I have not had any issues. My child only has the handle up as needed. Everything is intact. The only thing I don't like is the color but overall I would purchase again.the slippers are very comfortable and fit very well! I was a little hesitant about ordering slippers online, but it turned out very well. size and style selection was easy and delivery was quick. I actually ordered two things at the same time, the other being a time release sensitive game at a much later date, but amazon sent me the slippers sooner without charging extra freight! very satisfied and warm!BeautifulI normaly wear sneakers for their comfort the reason i bought this was because i was looking for waterproof shoe but at the same time comfortable enough to wear the whole day.. I took them on for a 2 hour hiking trip the same day i got them no breaking in problem at all fitted perfecktly its a litle heavyer than a sneaker but once used to u won't notice it anymore..
Wilk buy again.
Update after 10 months after almost every day use for a minimum of 10 hours they started to wear out . A litle faster than i expected but still aceptableLove these capri leggings.  Great material and great fit.i got it on time and it works for me because i am allergic to metal, the only problem was that the battery was dead, put a battery in it and its working fine. I am a nurse and I can see the second hand fine to get those pulse rates.Was looking for a better rain coat after getting doused with crazy rain/wind during the last noreaster. This is it! Much warmer (but not overly) and waterproof, looks great on too. Im a size 4ish and small is perfect fit.  Highly recommend!These wraparound sunglasses are as advertised.  I really like them and the price was right.  Very glad i bought them.Son loves it.Pretty great bucket! Only thing was some minor rubbing from the top of the box. But it wasn't noticeable unless you're a perfection freak.larger than usual sizeGiven as a gift.  Well-liked by the recipient, my son.good qualityThe fit is perfect. I'm 5'9. The lighter colors are pretty see through and show every figure flaw. The darker colors are more forgiving, though.Better than expected. Love it, going to get another color. Would be ok for manbag tooGreat addition to the logger pants I puchased. Cofortable, and priced low.Great, easy to put on and take offThese worked for what I needed.  They would be great in warmer weather as the material is lightweight in addition to the short sleeves.The top part of the cuffs do not lay flat like they should, but other than that minor detail, I like them. I have 2 other shirts I bought at a local retailer with the same neck size and the neck is larger on them, so this may be cut just a bit small.A great idea!  Fits in any vehicle. Folds out to cover the back of any SUV. Give dogs comfort and keeps your vehicle clean and protectedCute socks. We're a bit shorter then expected.I like a comfortable form fit style hat. This one has a kind of "crown" towards the top meaning that I can tighten it at the adjustable strap but the top still stays loose.Cute and comfortable.  Would totally buy these again.Quick shipping. Great boots!This necklace is absolutely beautiful my wife and I ordered it for our daughters birthday. And she loved the necklace. She gets lots of compliments on this piece. Thank you so muchExcellent suit and quality.  Fits as expected, arrived on time and looks like the picture.  Love it.Ok. I lost some weight and at 42 the skin just didn't go back as fast as it did when I was 22, go figure. It lets your bra do the work because it's not constrictive there. It stays down well enough but and this is gunna sound goofy but there is a band of rubberizing that needs to be touching skin to stay down and for me this ment tucking into my undies (lol pretty picture I know). It cured the "muffin top" just enough to make me more confident for when I needed it. Warning, the company that shipped mine took quite a long time to package it for shipping so beware of that. Its a light to medium control, if you are looking for something stonger this might not be your thing but the top was cute peaking out of a sweater and it didn't make want to tear it off screaming at the end of the day due to heat. I liked them and I hope you will too.CuteVery comfortable. Great alternative to a wire bra. My only complaint is the smell from possibly the dye..? It was there after several washes.Perfect.Good quality, but the legs are way too longI bought this for a ski trip. I still wear them around the house or out as leggings. The inside is lined with a soft material that will keep you warm ( not hot) and feeling great!Great shorts!The shoes look great with my daughters school uniform.  Great fit and great rubber sole for kids.Very soft shirt. Too thin to wear alone but fine if you intend to wear it under scrubs. I have long arms and the sleeves are not as long as I had hoped.Absolutely loved these shoes, bought them for my granddaughter and they fit perfectly......better than the ones we tried in a store (different brand).  Can't wait to see her wear these on Christmas Day with her beautiful dark green dress.  Will have no qualms ordering from this manufacturer ever again!!!Product arrive quickly although the first one I received did not work once I set it. Amazon quickly send me a replacement and this one seems to work fine. I get good comments when I wear it.These are awesome summer shoes.  This is my son's second pair.  Great for playing, hiking, and water activities.Best money I've ever spent. I'm 6'0 and I got the standard one, it's a little short so basically my mouth is where the face hole should be but it's a easy fix I just shoved some stuff in the top of the head.Great boots look awesome abd comfylove the shoes and I received them before the expected arrival date.... Christmas in AugustGreat quality and great design.OK quality, a little long and designs on charm don't line up, but still love itMy 2.5 yr. old loves this dress. It is good quality with a good thick ribbon. It washes well too.These are ok for what you pay I guess. The CZ stones are a bit cloudy and funky looking, but as another reviewer states there is a scroll pattern on the other side so you could put them in backwards.  And they are pretty heavy for their size.  I'm not convinced these are sterling either.  There are a couple of stamps but not the usual .925 sterling stamp.  Not sure if I will wear them and I can't return them since my dog ate the box they came in.Love the look and the fit. Look forward to wearing it the entire summer.Backpack is fine and sturdy but the lunch box is rather smallI love this hat.  I have the same hat in multicam, and two different shades of ATACS.  They fit my head great and keep the sweat out of my eyes.  Coloring of the camp is spot on.Snug when I first put them on. After about 5 miles, they are comfortable.  Good support.  I would suspect that they will work out.Nice and soft. I already ordered more.Love theseThey're awesome. I absolutely love them. I can wear them with shorts, jeans or Sunday dresses. They're exactly what I want in a sandal comfort and versatility.These earrings will be great for the summer or for my next tropical vacation! Great quality for a great price!Originally, I wanted chocolate color ones which they don't make any more. But this grey is good, too. Really comfortable to wear.Soft!I absolutely love these adorable Western boots!  They are so cool looking and so well made.  I hope to get another pair soon.  Frye makes the best foot wear that you can purchase.  They are a little pricey, but worth every penny!  They will last forever.Waist is wide, which is perfect for my son who's thickprettyHigh quality, good looking, love the greySo many compliments, very pretty.  Smaller than I was hoping, but lovely and so reasonable.
Not a prime item, came from China after a few weeks.This is a solid, warm (but not too warm) boot that holds up well to the elements and is comfortable enough to wear all day.Very comfortableAs good as my old shop coat which lasted for years.Most comfortable boots I've ever worn. This is my second pair, first pair lasted me 2 years!These shoes were a gift for my daughter-in-law.  She is a hair stylist and says that these shoes are so comfortable to wear while being on her feet all day.  She loves them.I love these bras! Beautiful; fit is perfect and they are extremely comfortable for every day wear. I wear the set all the time.I bought 2 styles of Crocs in this order, and these for a little better than the ones with a strap.  Still not perfect, but wearable.Very pretty.  Very stylish.  Very, very soft and comfortable insole.  Could likely wear for hours.  Sadly were the wrong color for my dress.  For those who may not know, this particular Sassafras is a cross between wine and purple.It was just what I was looking for - easy to read without my glasses! Also lights up in the dark if needed.Runs a bit largeAwesome Pants!!It did the job but was MUCH less comfortable than the previous version I had that was lost in a house fire. Overall it fit and did the job but it felt like my ribs were bruised for days after wearing it for 4.5 hoursFor my friend's daughter gift. She likes pony and I searched a dress with pony on Amazon and find it. She is happy to wear and it's adorable and fit as expected. It's the first clothes I bought from this brand. The quality is good. The flowers decorations are embroidered and pony area is a cloth stitched.Good belt and love the buckle ...would recommend itFits like a good pair of slacks.So far I've had them for a week now and they feel great. I was surprised to see that they come with very nice inserts, also the leather is very soft.good material, barely fits size but the elastic material helps relaxing the tightness.. my size (16) looks far tighter on me than the photo.
i like itIt was delivered fast and I really liked the shirt.As with any work shoe, I had to add insoles to make them more comfortable for all-day use. I've had these for about a month and they've held up well.I love these! My ears are super sensitive and I've had these in my ears for over a week now with no problems!Its OK, but the bottom foam sole came out within five minutes of walking.  So, for $10 they are fine, but if you need something to last more that two days, I'd take a passWorks as intended.

Warning:  The tips are brittle and may break if used to remove links from leaf spring coupled bands (e.g., as used on Seiko 5).  This is not an intended use of the tool, so it's not really a problem, but something to be aware of.These are super cute! They have really exceeded my expextations. The quality is great. They are bigger than I was expecting but not too big and they aren't the type that are so heavy that you can't hardly stand the wear them. They are attractively packaged and also come in a small box. Please see my picture. I received this product at a discount in exchange for a fair and honest review. I would recommend this product!!!This shoe is surprisingly comfortable.  I bought two pairs.  It looks good on my feet.Def leppard has been my fav band for over 20 years. Now I can show the world my fav .  I have more band shirts in my futureThis beautiful watch, I recommend it, it is ideal for all occasions, and a good price, I recommend it. :)Love it!Nice, very nice and the price is right.Comfortable, soft, and a great deal!I love them, they are kinda small so I am seeing if they will stretch after wearing them for a bit!Comfortable for running and work outs. Not much like a sports shoe but economical, good for regular work out and our door running!.Used it for Halloween to dress up (Luigi). Not much to say here other than it does its job.Need to purchase half a size smaller.I needed a 2nd watch winder so I purchased the same brand from you .This is a good value and works great. ThanksLove them nice colors!!Only two large because my husband is 44. I love this brandAmazing wallet. It's stylish, light weight and most importantly it protect you from getting you information stolen... wonderful product 5stars guaranteedI'm small, so I like these. I like the fit very much; tighter around the chest and not so tight around the tummy--perfect. If you are more than a C-cup, this will be too tight on you. You may want to pass on these. The V-neck falls just where it should, at least on me. The colors are not what they appear on the website, but it's fine for the price. The pink is too much of a candy color, "Storm" is more purple than blue. They are not too short; I'm actually hoping the hemline will shrink just a little bit.

UPDATE: After washing they've shrunk just a little, but they feel softer and thicker. They don't require ironing. They do pill a little bit, which looks bad on a white t-shirt, but is not noticeable on the "heather" colors. The length is pretty much ideal. If you're wearing low-rise jeans or shorts, you should be covered.I like it. I got a size large and I'm 5'7 and 135 pounds and it fit great besides the arms. It was uncomfortable and tight. Nice gray color and style. Love how long it is.gets dirty easily, have used once and trim is damaged and wheels show lots of use.  Very pretty though.My granddaughter is getting into prepping and she needed a bandana so I bought these so she could choose her favorite color.  The spares I can just use for whatever I want.

I read other reviews about the color fading but I haven't test it.  I don't care if the color runs or fades because my use is for emergency situations anyway.Needed alterations.The waste band was not as snug as I would like. Maybe if I eat more cheese burgers...looks and feels great and looks amazing it feels very secureGreat item, speedy delivery!Great long sleeve, I wish they included a care tag on the inside of the garmetfun to wear.. and you never 'forget' where your glasses are.Love the fit and functionality of under armor workout tees. This one is for my son who is in Marine JROTC. I have several for my workouts and I love them. They look great, let arms move freely and take sweat well. We love these shirts! I also wore them for layered shirts in california desert and loved the wicking.I thought the material was going to be a little heaver. It's for a tiny waste which I have. This was just cute very smallFits great. Great support.Great boots.  Unbelievably light and the sole really prevents any wetness getting in.  The canvas also dries very fast.  I reommend getting these for the fall or even winter if you want but make sure to wear thicker songs for colder weather.  It isn't the warmest boots.It's ok. I washed mine and it seems to fit better.The ones that were made in USA a few yr back were better.look great and 13 year old lovesI was interested in a wedge to make my wedding a bit comfier for my feet. These are beautiful shoes no doubt, but the fit was a bit strange. The back heel panel wasn't quite snug enough but a half size down would have been too small.I purchased this in the black and am very pleased. I am a leather only purse buyer from way back. I took a gamble on this tote because my favorite Emma Fox leather tote finally succumbed to the leather flop and would not retain shape. While this tote is synthetic, in the black it looks like a quality leather purse. The product photos for the black are a good representation. The hardware is light gold. Very sturdy construction. It is stiff, which is what I need for wallet, books and other items I carry. I normally only use the top handles on totes, but on this purse, I find myself using the strap. It has a very professional and finished look.

I look forward to my next Dasein purchase. I will go a bit larger next time as my items are an exact fit and I would like a bit of wiggle room.Needs to be adult sizeLooks nice, and good construction, plus very warm. The only issue I have is that it is a little snug on my larger dude head, although I think that's to be expected of a unisex hat.Bought these shoes to wear to work with my pre-k class and they are perfect.  Lightweight and comfortable.  They seem to run a bit small, however.  Normally I wear between an 8 and 8 1/2.  I purchased 8 1/2 and they are a very tight fit in the toes.  I did keep them and am hoping that they will give a little as I wear them.Fits tight at the achilles and cuts in slightly. Improving as I wear them more and over time will be as comfortable as the black ones bought last year.I really love this! Light and flowy! I normally get large but I got a medium and it fit fine!I have had these boots for the past 3 months and I Iove it the more I wear them.  They are comfortable, warm and keep my feet dry.

Plus ++ I have extra wide calves (17 in.) and these boots fit!! The more I wear them, the more they have stretched out a bit.Great, heavy material. I usually wear an XL in skirts or 16/18 in pants. Ordered a 2XL based off of reviews and it fit perfect. I suggest ordering one size up.Not bad for the amount. I wanted the emu, but didn't want to pay 200.00. These are cute, soft, and good quality. Gave them a 4 star because they were a bit small. I'm almost always a 9 and these I could use a 9.5, but worth the money and would recommend.They fit perfectly!Light and airy (great for the desert where I live).  Very springy too.  Runs small.  Had to return first pair and order a half size up.  Gorgeous colors.It's a little short, but not by much. Didn't shrink after the first wash. Pretty cool design, and doesn't look like it'll peel off or fade soon.Sturdy and well made.  A little bulky.  An awesome look.This is not the fanciest costume, it did the job on Halloween!  The costumes are a little big but not enough to complain.  you can tie the bacon outfit in the back to get it a little tighter but not the egg.  I was super happy with this, but like I said, nothing fancy!Very stylish but it seems a bit small in the length. It felt like my bust was spilling out of the top, not a good thing :( Otherwise, I really liked the quality of it and plan to buy this in the next size up.Thought that it was good but it just need more steel bones in it overall for
For the price think that its greatThese worked PERFECTLY for being pregnant! All you have to do is put this on your bra and it will extend it.  These fit well on the Victoria Secret Body bras that were wireless. Why pay for  new bras when you can still use yours and use an extender! You get all three pieces and they are easy to use and work great!GoodGreat shoes. I do industrial maintenance and wen from boots to these and will never go back.  Ive been wearing for about a week and its nice to work 12 hours without my feet hurting. These shoes are worth every penny. I will definitely buy these again.Shipping was fast and shoe booties are very cute and quite comfy! They look good with leggings, skinny jeans, and skirt with tights. I even wore them with boot cut jeans to deliver meals to the corn field. They definitely aren't "work boots" but I think they will hold up very well with normal wear.  Great product. Fast shipping! Nice price! Can't ask for more!I really like these and they fit great and have great quality to. I find myself wearing these almost everyday, I recommend these!Just received today very happy with this purchase. Came nicely packaged in a black velvet pouch. Super cute and very adjustable.Cute shirt but the width was little wide.Pretty shoe but size up half a size.I got a pretty good deal on these. Being an off brand I didn't get these to work out, I got them for work. They actually look good.  Funny thing is the brands logo looks like an upside down N!K3 (if you know what I mean.) So expect some comments due to this.Love these shoes!! Very comfy!!I wear these in a fast pace supermaket job. Cashier, Dairy, and Grocery departments.It was just the right size.  Very lightweight and comfortable; just right for spin get and summer in AlabamaLove the shirt, but the fit is smaller than expected.  Buy a size larger and you'll be happy.It looks exactly like the pic... i love it so much and so does my 2yr old daughter..Like the look, does tend to run large, you can remove some links yourself, but I had to have professionally remove because was still to large for me.Great quality ,looks good when i work outIt's beautiful and comfortableI just lost money because I thought they were Men's sizes, but they were women's.Looks cool and does not change color, I've had it for almost 4 months and it still looks new. ..the only thing is the Grey part comes of after a while.I love it!Nice colors. Good qualityA perfect graduate gift.Very very good.Shoe got to me quickly, Very very comfortable. I love the shoe. Waiting to buy another pair.Favorite pair of boots so far! Just FYI they are better suited for warm to cool weather.A tiny bit large.... but I really love them.  I bought them to wear under a paid of almost see-through ski pants....  they are PERFECT for that job.  Now I don't have to avoid wearing my ski pants.... I can wear them with these underneath and know that I look classy instead of exposed.use as work pants fit is perfect and very comfortable to wear.More than usually wear 33 to wide a little, perhaps because of this version is Relaxed, wear more comfortable, not before the notice he is low, if the waist is better.REALLY pretty bags!NicePros: jeans fit as expected, and the 3% spandex makes it super comfortable to wear. Also the fabric is sturdier than I expected considering the price of these jeans. Color is true to pictures.
Cons: cheap quality zippers and pockets, but that's to be expected at this price.These are super cute and definitely get noticed. The color is spot on compared to the photo. My only complaint is the weight of them on your ears can be heavy if you're not use to wearing anything aside from plain diamond studs - like me. Otherwise, I still love to wear them to work and when I run errands!I've already used this packing cubes for a trip and loved them.  Makes packing so much easier.We just went to Disney this Christmas for the first time and thought it would provide a great memory for my daughter.Pretty for my winter weddingThese are extremely comfortable, lightweight shoes. I even got my husband  hooked. I'm usually a 6.5, but these are a bit long. But I love the color!  We throw them in the washer then air dry them. Love these Go WalksThis is a very nice and classy looking jacket. I'd buy another one if I ever wear this one out.The item ran small and fit like a glove.  I actually love this outfit as it gave me the look I was going for.very comfortable running shoesThese worked perfectly for my zombie Little Mermaid costume for a Halloween Zombie Crawl last weekend. My only complaint would be that they are almost too tight but very long. Not a big deal since they were only used for the night.very goodMuch warmer than riding gloves I used in the past. rode at about 40 degrees for 90 minutes, very comfortable.  Will try to update when I try at a colder temp.  Tricky to get on and off.  Cant use my phone with them on.I got this for my son and he told me after reading the reviews to get the large...he usually wears medium. It fits perfectly and it's now his favorite shirt.Grear for organizing the laggage...I like these jeans and the price was great.Fit greatI am a size 38-40 waist. The plug fits me tight but not uncomfortably.  The socket is large, my wife is 5'2 and thin and she fits into it perfectly! As for the prongs on the plug, I will stuff them with some extra cotton to make them spring forward! Funny costume, and how can you beat it for $40?Limited sizes available. .good prices.. he'll grow into it. :)I was looking for credit card holders to put store gift cards in...(Amazon Gift Card is one of them!). This is just perfect for what I envisioned!  It fits 19 cards plus has 3 other bill type slots.

No problems with the shipment either.A+ David Hockney TieI was nervous about buying a corset online for fit issues. I followed the guide for measuring and was confident I had purchased the right size. When I received the corset, I had a friend help me lace it and fit properly and it fit incredible!!! The uniqueness of the color and even the hook closures make this a favorite of mine. The hook closures are a bit tricky at first but that's only because there's no slack to grab onto. I wore this for a photoshoot and the photographer had never seen a corset like this before and was enchanted with the color and design... Which suited the purpose of the shoot perfectly.looks great as expected . Great valuePretty, got many compliments but it's not phone friendly. Hurt to use a phone.I have bought several of these for my teen.  He loves these shirts and receives compliments on them.really nice watch.  love the auto wind feature.  great size - not too big like so many watches today.  It is lightweight and very comfortable, even with band being brand new. Always liked Seiko quality!  Bought this for casual wear.I wear this every day, perfect for an Islandboy like myself.My 220 pound husband loves this night shirt. The sleeves are too short for him but the night shirt is long enough.Nice looking, sexy.  Nicely made.  Sizing inconsistent on this brand.Awesome robeFantastic! This wig was perfect. It was incredibly high quality. I was pleasantly surprised about the quality for the amount I paid! :)Very sexy! Little bit of underboob, but I think that just adds to the sexy factor! I'm 5'6 112 lbs and got a size small.It was just to big and it is a pain to send it back because there's no label to send it back and I have to print it, what happens when you don't have a printer.Used these as my water shoes on the John Muir Trail and was very pleased that I had brought them. They weigh something like 9 oz for the pair.Fit good and look amazing.  I wear these with a suit at work.  They look very sharp.NiceGave it to my husband as a gift and he absolutely loves the fact that stays slims. Not bulky at all and well made.I have a large head and almost is too small but it is still cute and well madeHave ordered these crosses several times(in various colors) from ChanCrafted and each time they have arrived quickly and in good order. And the seller (jamie) is always helpful and fast to respond to any questions I have had.
With the black crosses this time I had them customized with yellow and black.  The seller was very polite and willing to customize them and was very thorough in making sure they had the customization correct.  Will be the only seller I purchase these crosses from.  Due to the customer service and craftmanship.I really like the product a lot. Unfortunately it is not totally true to size, because it is too big for me even though I normally wear a size 6,5. I will have to return it. I trust that I will be able to change it for a size 6.
Kind regardsIt was really niceGreat shirt. Good design and fast shipping.I have a very difficult time finding pants in my size (29W and 32L) so I was skeptical when I ordered these. However, they arrived early and fit perfectly. They're very durable pants, too. Not particularly comfortable as the material is a bit rough, but these are work pants so I wouldn't be wearing them for comfort or style. Very practical, very reliable, very durable. Dickies delivers, I'm definitely ordering all my work pants from them in the future.Band was tight but cup was perfect. I ordered the 42g. Should have ordered up a band size.Nice shoes. The only thing I don't like is they don't seem to provide the same support as other sandals made by Vionic.I bought this for my boyfriend. He loves the shirt. He normally wears a medium/large depending on style. We ordered an X large. The shirt fits but somewhat lose. A large would certainly have been a better fit.This is my daughter's favorite thing.  She won't take it off.Good shoes- comfortable and fairly pricedIt's beautiful! I'd give it 5 stars, but one of the gems fell of when I put it around my neck. It fits nicely, and it came just as expected! Really nice. I have superglue for the gem. :-)This is my second pair of Asics Gel Foundation 8 running shoes. They are great shoes and provide great cushioning and support. I would buy another pair but the Gel Foundation 8 has been replaced by the Gel Foundation 12. Too bad as the 8s are far superior to the 12s.NiceI really like this dress.  I purchased it to take with me on vacation to the Caribbean.  It is simple, cool and the price was just right!love it thanksGreat riding boots. On my second pair.Love the fit of this top and the thickness of the fabric. I need it in more colors, its so comfortable and doesn't "grab" as you move around in it.Well made tee.  The fit was as expected.Great watch, I was in a rough bike accident and while the casing got scratched up pretty badly it still keeps accurate time! It looks awesome, and I like that it shows the date.BeautifulI have used them in the snow and slush and they have kept my feet warm and dry. They are quite flexible and comfortable to walk in.  I have only used them a few times so far so that I don't know how durable they are yet.Feel great, appear well made. Wear mainly for dress not work. I would expect they stain rather easily.A half inch larger than amazon's sizing chart suggested, but not bad for the price. You can tell from close inspection that the leather is cheap and will succumb to splitting and having the top layer sheer, but is to be expected. Can't really ask for more for a mid-range dress shoe. I would take extra care so as not to damage them, they would probably not function well as daily wearers.normally a medium, ordered a "Label 2XL- US 6", and it fits perfect!Little priceyThis shoe is the definition of comfort, I wear it to everywhere.my wife loved this gift!ComfyAbout half a size too big. They're a Swedish brand, so I should've accounted for that (but so should've the Amazon Seller!). I love the look of theses so much, I put them on right away. Look really cool! Naturally the light suede requires maintenanceI love theseeee they fit perfect and they're so cute.
I'm pretty short, 5ft, but I got some junk in the trunk. I purchased a small and it worked out well. :)Fits as expected.  Feels soft.  Is cute.I like it, but the insole's superficial layer on top started to peel back in the right shoe after only 2 weeks of wear. I decided not to return it but man, your mileage with some parts may vary it seems.Looks great. Detail work on the boot makes it different than a typical black equestrian boot. Looks good with jeans or with dresses. Definite stand out!worth the price I paid. for those few times when am going to an all white party this comes in handI like how they wrap around.  I wear them when riding with my husband on his motorbike.The shoe is very nice, goes with everything.Husband likes these briefs better than the standard cotton brief.  I never put in dryer, better off hung to dry!Bought it for my wife. She likes it okay for what it's intended use was for.It's very pretty and looks quality in real life. However, the clasp is really small so you had better have nimble fingers in order to hook it, or have someone else available to help close it.Excellent...!Smaller then I wanted, but the earrings were of nice quality.The only reason I gave this four stars is because these are so long! My daughter is almost two and I can't even imagine her wearing them as an infant, which I thought is what they were marketed for. I bought them for her Halloween costume but I try to find excuses for her to wear them with dresses, shorts or as sleeves and they are super cute. They are thick and well made.I love this purse but the color does not really look like the picture, much more strident red than described.  I wish I could tone it down somewhat. The bag itself is fantastic, perfect size for traveling, roomy pockets to keep track of your stuff.  Maybe I'll buy it in black too.
It worked perfectly for my trip to Europe.These work good for my work shoes. They did not neutralize the odor more than mask it with it's strong perfume but at least it smells good.It's a little huge than what I had expected but it looks cool. I liked the finishing and the color. It's a nice watch to have with.It was cool but not what I expectedAnother beautiful sweater from Patty. Detail seams and metal zipper. Nice fabric. Thanks again Patty.comfottable shoes, good deliveryDecent mask. Good Construction. The face needed some type of support to retain the nose and chin shape, otherwise the rating would of been 5 stars.I really loved the look of this black suede shoe. I don't usually wear Aerosoles because they are too narrow in the toe area, however, these actually did not have that issue. The zipper was  difficult to maneuver when I first started wearing these, but it was fully functional. While the shoe was not overly heavy I do wish they were a little lighter.  This would be a great shoe if the quality was slightly better. I did like the shoe and ended up buying a second pair.I bought this product in 3 sizes-- XL, L, and M. I am 5'7", 155lbs., 34D, 28.5-inch waist. Almost every review I've seen of corsets says to buy 2 sizes up. I did that, and the XL was HUGE! The L would have worked, but still didn't keep my boobs in securely even when tightened all the way. The M had to be loosened around my ribs and hips, but it fit quite well for my chest and waist. The fabric is beautiful and the fit is exactly as pictured. I also appreciate the side zipper so you can decorate the front of this (as I'm doing for a Halloween costume.) The only problem I see is that you have to re-tie the corset every time you wear it. If you try to tie it once and then zipper yourself in and out, you either need a few people helping you or you'll get your skin pinched in the zipper.Son loves them.Great fit, I love the material. I wear this shirt to the gym and am planning to order more (in other colors?) because I hate it when it's not clean and I have to wear something else. 
Will add photos later.I receive so many compliments. The leather, stitching and lining are high quality.  I have owned Tignanello bags in the past and they last forever and don't show much wear at all. This bag is the perfect size for me, with a variety of inside and outside pockets to keep me organized. There are 4 open pockets on the outside that would easily accommodate any cell phone. I am very satisfied with this purchase!Earlier I gave a bad rating of this company. After they personally contacted me I found out that they had a very good reason for being late. They resolved the issue very quickly and I am very pleased with American Ringer's customer service. The shirts are awesome! I get complements from people whom wouldn't usually say nice things!! I love these shirts and will be getting more!Works just as advertised. No more sweaty undershirts any time of year. Excellent customer service too, I ordered the wrong size but they were super responsive and got me a new vest quickly.You can't beat the price and it washes well.  I spilled stains all over my lab coat.  By the end of the semester I looked like a clown, but all the stains came out like new.  Ready to go for next semester.These are very cute boots for the price! Probably wouldn't want to stand in them all night, but not terribly uncomfortable either.Nice quality t-shirt, washed well. My daughter loves it!Love this dress. A little snug but not bad enough not to wear. It's perfect length and I'm 5'6. Live the material too.Love these!!  Very comfortable and stylish!!Larger than expected, but nice.I have a trouble with my watch  with any reason  the counterclockwise stopped,  but the digital function in my watch working fine,  why?  I don't understand what happen and when I delivery my watch to CASIO REPRESENTANT in my country, Dominican Republic, tell me your watch is not working nevermore, its a fabrication falliure...  What can you do for me, I have others g/shock casion in the same situatiion..... please you can help me?This is my second pair, I run trails in Az and they work extremely well for me.  Best grip of any that I have tried eg. Cascadia, Trail Blades etc.Nice shirt for a Marti gras party.My 6 year old son wears undershirts ALL the time, and I'm glad we were able to find some other than white. The quality is so/so, but I figure he's going to stain them up or outgrow them before they fall apart. lol They do shrink some in the wash, but not as bad as some other brands we've tried. The arm holes are a little big, but that's not a deal breaker for us.Would have liked more platform under under the toe, but still nice and semi-dressyI actually LOVE the dress, it is just too large. I ordered going off the size chart what I should be (a size 10) but the dress is 2-3 sizes too large for me. So I placed a new order for the dress in a smaller size and am returning the original order.

The color is vibrant and rich. The material is very soft and silky. I love the train of the dress, it is longer in the back, and very elegant.

The deep plunging neckline is a bit much for me, I will likely alter that on the replacement dress, but I am small chested.

I will update this post later with pictures of the original dress and the replacement dress. I purchased a size smaller than I expect to wear with a goal to fit into it by June for the event I ordered the dress for.Love the shoe, Get more compliments on it.  No stress on the feet.  Can be up dancing or walking without foot cramp or discomfort.  Can be dressed up or down. Bandolino has done it again. I also own a pr. in black.This product is absolutely adorable and the perfect size for all my cards and cash! I love it, especially the various color choices and beautiful pattern. It arrived on time and in perfect condition, so that's awesome too!I love this coat it is large. I weight 170 and I purchased a large and its big on me. But the fur feels goodThe heel was a little big but that is expected.  Great seasonal transitional shoe.  Will be wearing on trip to India. Not as cute as I had hoped, but when are size 11 shoes ever cute?This is my second pair,love them.best boots everLove the shoe runs small returned for bigger size. Very soft inside shoe, well made, comfortable, color as shown. Problem to small. Reorder size 8.  I returned for bigger size cant wait to get them.Nice trunks for a great priceVery light, very warm and fits as expected. I'm 5'4 120 pounds and it fits perfect. I love this coatReally like the productVery comfortable!I like the pants just a little stiff wearing for me but I think they will work for what I'm doing.Love, Love, Love this suit...
I order this suit for my son for prom and it fit amazing!! I like the quality of the suit, fast shipping I want all colors.The item arrived quickly.<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/Joy-Jewelry-Tree-Luxurious-Jewelry-Stand-Display-Rack-Tower-Size-Tall-and-Large-6-Inch-W-x-13-Inch-H-Necklace-Earring-Bracelet-Anklets-Holder-Organizer-Color-Antique-Silver/dp/B00NSFWN3Q/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">Joy Jewelry Tree | Luxurious Jewelry Stand Display Rack Tower. Size: Tall and Large (6 Inch W x 13 Inch H). Necklace Earring Bracelet Anklets Holder Organizer. Color: Antique Silver</a>I like the bra and would probably buy it again. It's hard to find a good bra in my size that gives me the results I want.I received it very quick. It looks exactly as shown, its pretty big, the star looks kind of cheap but overall its cute.Super cute costume!Very happy with this, thank you!Super rad buy. Speedy shipping and received my order before Halloween. They look awesome and aren't common in Halloween stores anymore. Not cheaply made. Straps under shoe help in keeping shoe covers in place. Two paws wayyy up.Stance is my jam, loved these.My husband had this watch and it broke he insisted it had to be the same one great watch.Wedding dresses are a bit overrated and expensive.  George Bride offers some really nice dresses for a price that won't break the bank.This was such a value. This is a very well made costume. It is as comfortable and easy to put on as pajamas. My son loved his costume and still wants to wear it when he sees it.Most comfortable boot I've ever worn hands down. Unfortunately I bought about a half size to big but I lucked iyt because all u have to do is buy better socks made for use with boots and I should be goodFits abit small. But an ok purchasecute skirt as a basic for wardrobeI love this coat, it's warm and comfortable. The only issues are the fabric gets stuck in the the zipper quite a bit, and if I pull the hood up it complete covers my eyes. Very fast shipping, just in time for the cold weather.Great nightgown for traveling. Not bulky to pack - but it also feels modest. I traveled for three weeks - staying with various friends and relatives. I felt presentable for those brief moments in the morning before getting ready for the day.For my daughter and I we have ordered this dress in five different colors. There was a hole in one pocket and one of them the stripes are off on the top, other than that great comfortable dress.I found just as the previous reviews stated that this shirt runs a bit large.  The sleeves are nice and long for my husband who has long arms.  He is very happy with this shirt, as a matter of fact I will be ordering another one for him.  I feel that it is of very good quality and is well worth the money.Great pair of shoes, easily my favorite pumas. Glad the brought back the Turins, they stopped making them for a few years and was happy to be able to get them again.The chart indicated that the shoe was larger than the size since I wanted an 11.5 that is what I ordered. Had to send that one back. The 12 that I received on the reorder fit fine. Nice shoe very comfortable and good looking.way to smallThis thing is adorable and super functional. Only compliant was the Eiffel Tower design I felt was a bit tacky so I'm returning for the plain silver one. Wish they offered more colors! Will be getting for my bridesmaids as part of a giftAdorable. It runs large.Absolutely beautiful and my teenage daughter loves it.  I gave it to her for her birthday and she played with it all day.  The quality is great.  It looks great in the color white.This is a very cute skirt/pant set and it has great pockets/holes in the right spot to accommodate a music device and headphones.  Fits as expected.  Flattering cut.Pretty, but not well made.The color isn't like the picture which shows that it's almost black with some light blue at the bottom. Instead, the wig is mostly dark blue (like a navy blue) and the bottom is the same light blue as in the picture. It is curlier than it is in the picture, especially towards the top. The bangs are also different from the straight-across ones in the pictures, but in reality tend to be side-swept bangs, but that can be adjusted (they can be scooted over and/or trimmed, though some of the bangs are short already). The wig did not shed and seems to be strong. It has lasted me for awhile, but then again, I do not wear it too often. It would be an excellent wig for cosplay, and I think it would be strong enough for daily wear as well, though personally I don't think it looks realistic enough for daily wear (at least not with my face, but maybe it'll look better with yours). The wig is not shiny, and feels a bit like real hair as well. I suppose I'll snap some photos and attach them for you to see to promote greater clarity; apologies for their bad quality.Good fit for a 2006 BMW 330i Hood Only not the trunk lid on the My 330i the trunk lid emblem is smaller than my hood emblem but it looks good and  fits good thank you.The product itself is great...very cute, lightweight, soft & pliable yet sturdy enough to withstand some baby chewing w/o falling apart.

The only thing to note is that if you have a child w/a low nose bridge (like most Asians) the glasses tend to slide off the face a bit because there's no bridge to hold it up properly.The clasps were missing but still wearableLove it.Fits as expected, the fabric weight is good and you can't see through it. I wish it was a little fuller but that is just personal preference. I love these skirts for travelingI received this robe in a timely manner and really like the color and fit. It's a nice sexy summer time robe but not something you can wear around kids without shorts under it because it is short in length (falls just a few inches under my cheeks). The fit is pretty good. I bought this in a Large because things like this tend to be on the smaller end, I normally wear medium in American sizes and I'm 5'4" 160 lbs, small D sized. I have not washed it yet and have only worn it a couple times. I've just had it hanging on my bedroom chair and I've already noticed some fraying of the material on the lace. This is definitely a delicate hand wash only material. As far as the fit, color, and quick shipping time, I am very happy with this product.I ordered these boots in a half size larger, as I don't like a tight boot on my wide foot. It fits just a tad big but comfortable. My only complaint is, the leather is very stiff, so hoping they soften.  What I do like is Amazon price. The day before I bought the same boot on Zappos for $129.  So I also bought on Amazon so I could return the other pair.  Zappos matched (one time only) Amazons price (same company) so now I have two pair. One for each of my homes.  Hope the leather softens a bitLove the hat!super productthe fit and cut is exactly what I was looking for.  The fabric used to make these is a  bit on the flimsy side.  the waste band gets twisted under my belt easily.  maybe a little reinforcement in the pockets and waste band would make me give them a 5.  These are not very warm in cold weather but they will probably be great in the summer.I ordered these bottoms for my husband who is extremely picky with his clothes.  He liked them.  The only problem was the length and since I washed them he has not said they needed to be shortened so maybe they shrunk a little which was fine by me since I didn't have to shortened them.Good for halloween!niceLove the shoes.  Fit is true to size.  Color and style is great, goes with so many outfits.  Very comfortable too.its okVery sturdy shoe! It was great for the beach!I am really impressed with this dress. It can be worn with multiple different shoes, with jackets or whatever. The beading is really pretty and the belt adds a nice touch to the waist. It fits really well and is really flattering.
 "I received free or discounted product in exchange for providing an unbiased review."I was not compensated for my review and all my opinions are my own. One may or may not have the same opinion as myself when reading this. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.is what I expected and I am very satisfied with the purchase I madeall in all I liked the shoe a lot, as far as comfort and looks it's great, my only complaint is the shoe is a little wide, but I have narrow feet. I think a trip to a shoe repair shop can fix that for me.Fits really nice, but it does not have an under bone for the bra. It's a soft material, it's not spandex, but it's very comfortable.Super comfy and chic.Works well. Fit correctly. A good, low priced alternative to the factory lens.My husband wears this hat well.Comfy and cute- order a half size smaller than you usually wear.Great dress for summer.  Fits as expected and comfortable.My husband loves these pants.  They are attractive, light weight and fit him very well.  He would definitely recommend them.I bought this for one of my wedding bands, as I wanted something simple and clean.  It's thin, which I love because my hands are petite.  The size 5 is spot on.  My only complaint is that it gets scratched really easily (hence the 4 stars).  It's good for my purposes.PerfectThese are the most comfortable pants I own! I have custom suits and the pants don't fit as well as these did. What a great price too!

Very happy.Can't go wrong. Nice t-shirt, shipped on time, arrived on time. Bought it as a joke for a family member, and it fits as expected. Probably won't be wearing this outside of the house, but when doing yardwork might give some neighbors and passers-by a good chuckle. Maybe even make a few bucks. Who knows?!Great quality.It looks just like the picture and I like it but I was expecting a hard formed bottom.Excellent fitVery good quality.I love these shoes, and would recommend them to others looking for ankle boots!My Grand-daughter , my dog and I go out on the rain ever chance we have, she love to play in the rain (water) best activity we share runing around in the rain :DFit Flop Shoes are the best and I have now acquired 6 pairs.  I feel as though I am walking on air! I don't want to wear any other shoes this summer
I highly recommend you try a pair and you will be hooked.  Fit Flop Queen of Pensacola..Silicone, of course it does not look expensive, but it is really bright, and very easy to fix your time and date. I have gear s2 classic, and I bought this to wear it when I am doing something harsh at where smartwatch is not appropriate to be worn. I really like it. Also, the band length is adjustable, but once you shorten it, there is no going back, so should leave it little bigger than your regular size. It does not look cheap because it is a silicone bracelet. I recommend it. Overall, it is cheap!! HahaThese are comfortable, they stay on my feet well, the straps contain all my toes, they don't rub the back of my heel.  The white sole makes them look cool and modern.I bought this shoe for my 2 year old granddaughter and we both love them, the fit is true to size. They did rub a blister to start with but once she wore them in they are fine. I will soon order the pink pairCan't complain. Price was good. Comfortable & decent and not boring  as I imagined.  Want to wear it as soon as weather gets cool !!!!I got dress last year for a wedding which on new year's day but when I got the dress It didn't fit to tight so I send it back to AmazonVery soft material and beautiful fit. I am bummed that the white one has a pen line on it. I would live to just get that one replaced.I love this dress! It's a little big but I have gotten great comments every time I wear it. I ordered a blue one after I got the black one. I would probably order it in other colors if available.Nice shoes, would buy again.The other reviewer for this item seems to be talking about a different product altogether. Also, the 2nd picture of the item is incorrect.
The Tree of Life pendant is a beautiful find! I love it!Great pair of shorts. Being as I'm somewhat short myself (5'8") this is the length that us shorter men should be wearing. Not the stylish long ones that look like our mom's hemmed them up too high.Loved it. Affordable Yet Elegant.Great for the priceExactly what we were looking for. Great price for a quality flannel (material/stitching)! I had to guess somewhat at the size, because it's a man's flannel and I bought it for my teen daughter who wears a size 6 so we ordered a small and it fits her perfect. She is very happy! We've looked everywhere for this exact color/pattern/style and found it here. There were only a couple others on here - one from China for only $13, but due to their super small sizing (their US size chart was not even comparable to our real sizes) - for much more money (approx. $60 and up) so we decided to pay the little middle price and are very happy we did. Thank you so much!These are the most perfect bras around. I love themvery comfortable well worth the money super nice to just lounge in also looks good with any shit/hoody i get asked all the time what brand they when i am wearing them in publicExcellent price, quality and delivery. Extremely happy.They're super cute and comfy!,I like them overall.  Wish they had more cushion, but overall comfortable at work all day.  Plus I got through a metal detector everyday at work, and they pass right though!Beautiful watch, had many compliments.  Shipping was super fast.  Thanks.My daughter said they fit perfectly.Shoe is a bit wide in the center. Overall, I like the shoe. I'm not sure about the speed lacing though. Would be curious to find out if you can cinch down certain areas of the shoe with lacing techniques. This would allow you to lock down specific areas of the shoe to compensate where the shoe is too wide. Heel pocket is a tiny bit loose.Very nice, soft, and comfortable. I'm 5'1 and medium was a good fit if you like it a little longer. They were a little thinner than I expected, so they'll be used to "lounge" (take care of my two boys, clean, etc.) around the house or as pajama tops, which is what I intended to use them for anyway. They would be fine to go under something too if you want to layer.It's comfortable. It's well made and has a little extra length at the bottom to help keep the illusion.Hi guys a size 38 inch is more like 39.5 inches and probably shrinks down to 39 in the wash. I recommended calling the dickies help line for advise regarding the waist size of their products, because there are differences between models. For example they told me this model is 39.5 inches in the waist for a size 38inch waist and for another model a 38inch waist is 38.5 inches. I also asked them what the front and back rise measurements were for my waist size. It turns out both the front and back rise measurement increase with inseam length, so I ordered 34inch inseam and had them shortened, this gave me a bit of extra crotch room. I ordered the charcoal, they go well with most of my cloths. I also had the local seamstress stitch down the seams on the inner leg as they were moving around which bothered me.  The seams on the outer leg are already stitched down some this was not a problem. The cargo pockets are pretty handy, I like how easy it is to use them when sitting in the car.These plugs look exactly the same in person as they did in the product description. I get compliments on them all the time and I've never seen anyone else with them, and everyone always asks me where I got them! I love galaxy print anything, so these are perfect. Would definitely buy from this seller again!because of the picture i was expecting more detail around the calves, however it seems as though the model is wearing socks over top of the tights. I like them though, nice quality. I use them to work out in (weightlifting, cardio) no problems.Its thin and warm. Although it is best used for layering, it is nice and true to size. And it was on sale.Good watch for the price, just wish that the watch face was more readily seen as blue (you have to get it at the right angle, then you can see the blue). Has kept time accurately so far.This is my second purchase of Georgia Boots and I will get another pair when these wear out!PrettyThe actual bag was great, HUGE! But it fit American Airlines checked bag policy only by 2 inches. However, and probably not at the fault of the bag but rather of the airport, the side of the bag (where the zipper wasn't?) was completely ripped down the side when I got it at baggage claim. And it wasn't overfull by any means! So a good bag, but not sturdy enough to withstand the airtravel checked bag process.Very nice and fits well! I would recommend this to anyone who loves the dragons as well as good craftsmanship.I wear this ring everyday. It is very pretty and exactly what I was looking for - pretty and comfy!Nice pieceI love this dress!!  I ordered the extra large at first and decided to exchange for the large for a nicer fit.  Very nice dress and details are extremely beautiful!!Fast shipping! Boyfriend loves his watch!This is the second pair of Yiruiya sneakers which we've gotten and I couldn't be more impressed. These shoes ship direct from China, and the shipping times are some of the fastest of any item we've bought from china. The sneakers are incredibly light and comfortable, and we replaced the previous pair, not because they wore out, but because my son's shoe size changed. He still won't part with the old pair, even though he's outgrown them a bit, he loves them that much.These socks are a steal for the price.  Very comfortable.  Definitely worth the investment...This is such a cute shoe and works with so many outfits. I didn't realize when I bought them that you can also dye them to match an outfit. I only wish I could keep them tied. My little girl loves to grab the laces and put them in her mouth. It was difficult to determine her size. Her foot measured 4.5", so I ordered a 5. It was too big, so I returned it and ordered a 4. They're still a little big, so I just put double-sided tape on the bottom of her tights to keep them on.Perfect sizeWonderful thank you !!!Great shoes. After the first day of climbing, my favorite shoes for sure.Great quality. Exactly what it looks like.A little flimsy and the arms aren't shaped well, but looks nice and is pretty comfy.This anklet was a gift for my 15 year old granddaughter. She loves it. Put it right on.Just what I needed for my sister's wedding can't wait to wear it. I've tried it on and it fits like a dream. Nice fabric and not flimsy like other affordable vests at this price.Love these shoes.  It's like going barefoot only you have support and protection.I LOVE this sandal. The first time I put it on I was concerned because I really felt the slimmer strap closest to my heel and I thought it would rub against my foot and cause a blister. It didn't, though and the longer I've worn them the more comfortable they've become.

I usually have issues w my arch hurting when there is no support, but this sandal provides plenty of support.Wife loves itGreat shoes fit perfectlyQuality not great, but for the price I will get enough use out of them.perfect extra pair for field and car.Shirt is not the best quality, but comfortable.The real thing.Very comfortable boot, and warmer than I expected.  This boot doesn't breathe that well, but that can also make them not as warm.  All the quality you expect from Merrell is thereLove fits as expected . I got a medium and I am 5'5 , 130lbs. Good material and not too sheer , love the pockets!My grandchild ordered these (from me) and loves them. They're good shoes and should last all school year - and more I hope! They look good and seem well constructed.Very comfortable, except they flop at the heel. I ordered half size small, but am returninv for full zize smaller. I loved the shoe itself. Well worth the price - if I can get a pair that fits properly.Love them. The memory foam and wide toe box make them comfy straight out of the box.Great fit!Super cute!It's bitchin'Love the colors on this set!  Only the smallest one is a carry on, and it seems a little small for a carry on, super cute though.  The zippers stick a little bit but hoping that gets better with time.  Suitcases nest inside of each other for storage.  I scotch guarded them and suggest it highly!  Fabric is too cute to get stained.These run really small, so watch that when ordering. I have small hands so they fit me fine.they are really soft. a little bulkier than expectedThese are nice but not as good as the Carlie Wedge they discontinued (Please bring them back)Too narrow for me.I bought these for my teenage daughter and she loves them. Very pretty color of pink.These fit perfectly and they are lighter than expected but still wrangler sturdy. Plenty of pockets.This wallet is great, I love the Island Blooms pattern. It is also great for someone who needs more space for cards in their wallet. There is plenty of room to keep all kinds of papers, money, coin etc inside. Only downfall is that the wallet is on the larger side, so you need to have a larger purse to carry it in. Although, it is also great if you just want to take the wallet along with you without even worrying about a purse! Overall great wallet in a beautiful pattern!Super cute. They were a little big in heel area but that's my only concern. Love the zipper in the back!This hat is definitely not stylish and looks kind of weird BUT it is probably the only hat I've come across where no light passes through. It is truly truly sun protective IMO and that makes it worthwhile.Pretty dress. However I am short and it hit me below the knees. I already feel frumpy so a longer dress did not help!Great costume piece, timely deliveryI wear an A/B width in a good leather dress shoe, so I was a little dubious about the fact that D width is narrowest available for this shoe.  I took a chance and ordered them.  They feel more like a C, but with heavy socks, they should work out OK.This shoe is very comfort. But I was disappointed to see on the first same day I wore them three of the flower stones fell out with in an hour. Other than that these shoe are very nice and comfortable.fit well and look greatThe shoes are great. They are relatively cheap for trail/running shoes. They are a little more snug than I expected, but nothing that causes severe pain or irritation.pin is just how it looksMy son lifts and has large legs. These are the first we have found that fit property and not cost over $100sexy and sweetWill keep and use with heavy socksSkirt is satin shine, shows creases from sitting.  Was concerned with heat for an outdoor wedding.Color looks great. If only my matching pants fit as expected and not so big.Nice color, fabric qualityLove these shoes. Had concerns at first about instep (I believe it's called instep, the top of your foot that's like a hump. Please educate me on this) being just a tad to tight. The first time I actually wore them with thin socks, they felt great. I could wear these all day and I'm 68. Old lady shoes are out of here!Lots of complimentsI absolutely love these shoes! They fit as expected. The shipping was fast and my shoes came intact. The only thing is that the shoes are packed in a big box from the sellers store, so you get 2 boxes....so the package  was kinda big. I would just suggest that they'd have packaging options. Other than that, everything is great and Im happy with my shoes!I usually fit a 10 or 10.5 American women's shoe so I order the largest size possible. It fits a little tight due to its narrow shape. You'll need insoles if you're wearing for long periods of time. I'll definitely be wearing these shoes!They run a little large in the size but very good looking and a great feelGreat flannel. I'm very consistently a US size sm, and that's what I ordered. It's a little snug, but still wearable. If/when I order another one, I'll go up one size just because it's a little tight in the armpits. But the tailoring is flattering, the stitching is perfect and the buttons are sewed on tight. There is nothing sloppy about this shirt at all. So worth the price.Good looking watch. Bought as a gift for my son so not sure how functional it isbut he wears it all the time now so its a ll good!Almost perfect I went up half sizeIts a great fossil watch. Very prominent on the hand. Also, it has a distinct rose gold color which I absolutely love.fit great, quick delivery, faster than I anticipated. very comfortable shoes. they are very attractive and can wear them with almost anythingSo much fun.Well done and finished watch, I bought it for aesthetics, but I appreciate the quality of the construction even if it can not be compared to that of a mechanical chronograph; The quartz mechanism is very precise, the only thing I do not like is that it does not allow the fluid flow of the central second hand, the one dedicated to the stopwatch, that runs without jumps only if you start the stopwatch but after an hour it stops.Nice box for the price. The pillows edges are glued together and makes for a rough presentation of a nice watch. But that I just flipped over. overall it's worth the 20$ I spent.for the price, i'm happy. I will need to modify this in order to wear it, as the size is NOT a XXL, it's more like a stretchy M. Luckily, it does stretch. I considered buying another in the next size, but since it's for one party, i'll just wear it over leggings or boyshorts or something. Really cute though.This bra doesn't get many points for style but that's ok!  It is comfortable and offers a great deal of support.  Highly recommend.We loved these so much we bought a second pair in the black and blue (first pair was red and black). The first pair fit great and were super cute but the plastic did seem to "peel" after a little while. They are still very wearable though. Unfortunately my son only wore the blue ones once before somehow losing one. I've been searching for it for weeks. So now I'm off to buy another pair. I would recommend though as they are somewhat cheap so if they get lost it won't break the bank lol.Loved this dress on my granddaughter.  The fit was good.  The dress appears to be well made.  So far so good.Excellent!  My man loves themMy son usually wears a 18 slim but the 18 regular "skinny" fits him well. I saw these jeans at our local department store and they were $42.00. They were offered from a more affordable price at Amazon. The really likes the fit and the look. This is really rare for my teenager.The London Fog jacket that I have had for 10 years has started to fade...so I wanted to get another.  This jacket is very nice but more of a lighter weight jacket without the classic collar that has a hood rolled up inside.  It is a less rugged coat that has a semi-brush feel to it on outside.  Haven't had a chance to see whether it is breathable or not...as some have said.

But the jacket is well made and worthy of the name...I  am keeping it but can't use it in the same wx as the classic.Bought this bag for my mom as a early Christmas gift and she loves it!!!!! She was in awe; she couldn't stop looking at it and touch it, she's like "it feels so soft and nice" She works alot and don't really have time for herself where she doesn't even splurge a little bit on herself so getting her this bag was a nice little treat. Thank you :-)Love These Booties -- so comfortable I could wear them all day the 1st time I wore them !!These far exceeded my expectations for the price. I get more compliments on this pair of shoes than some of my more expensive ones. They are average in terms of comfort; I can wear them roughly 4 hours before my feet begin hurting.

Overall, considering the price I paid, I call this one a win. Super cute!I wear this rock climbing to protect my wedding ring and hands from damage. Sturdy and fits great. Great for working out and not getting hit onAt first I felt like there was not enough straps to hold my foot in place. It is a bit larger than expected, but as I walked with them more my feet got used to the larger fitting. My favorite part about them is that they go with everything!This is a great bag; I get lots of compliments. I did have to take the tassle off--in the pictures it looks reddish or strawberry, but it is a very lurid hot pink. Other than that, it is very roomy, is wearing well, and keeps clean.Seem to be wearing out faster than previous versions.I usually wear a size medium as I am broad shouldered with a 36C inch bust. I reviewed the comments on this shirt and listened to the remarks to order up a size. I wanted to order a size Lg which would have been perfect but they were out of this size and I needed this color shirt within a few days for an event. The XLG fits perfect in the shoulders but large in the torso area. Unfortunately I can not wash and attempt to shrink so I will have to take it in the sides to fit nicely. The shirt itself is fine for the price and looks nice on once the sides were taken in. Thankfully I sew so it was a quick fix for me. Definitely order a size up when ordering this shirt.Nice shoes. I think I make a mistake buying 10. If you want to wear shoes comfortably and good looking ( resembles the 80's) those are for you.Great workout pants! Got here quicklyFits great! Coming back for more colors!Larger than normalI get a lot of compliments on this shirt. The blue on the grey is very eye catching!This are very nice luggage tags that match the vecchio floto luggage very well.  I have ordered four of these and have no complaints whatsoever.  I would recommend this product.Runs a bit biggerNeeded no trimming for my golf shoes, very comfortable!Instant "wow" from my kids. Initial feedback has been positive. It fits underneath my undershirt brilliantly! It even seems to keep my mind on my posture. Ordering another one soon, maybe two. Great product.Durable, which is what my hyper son needs!This pullover shirt is really good. It fits me perfectly and the material is sweet and pleasant to wear. Great !I am in love with this purse!! Great color and feels light when I carry it and the nutricounter works great!!I was skeptical at first but the longer I use it the more I love it!  Not too big, not too small, hands free when you where it cross body style.  I has it all for me!  Price was fabulous as well!Super comfy! When they arrived i was still early in pregnancy so my chest hadn't gotten bigger yet and these fit good when i tried them on so i was a little worried that they would be too small once i was actually breastfeeding but they still fit pretty good. I was 34 c before breastfeeding and ordered med.Perfect long sleeve TshirtLOVE these pantyhose! They do a better job of smoothing out/holding in everything from my love handles to my upper thighs better than what I thought was an excellent girdle - AND they are much more comfortable.
I intend to buy 2 more pair!Love this. Fits perfectly and holds up the girls!Received this today, love the costume only issue is it sheds a lot. My son didn't even get mad when I put the head piece on him.Very well constructed, very comfortable, well thought out features.
Unfortunately I haven't had extremely cold days to try these out on yet, I will try to get back and update when I do. As of now, they appear to be up to the challenge.
One major caveat, their sizing is running a least a full size smaller. Hence I normally require a glove size of Large, however I selected XLarge with these based upon some users comments (thanks for those). The gloves fit comfortably but if my hands were any larger they wouldn't fit. Part of this I believe is due to the two part glove design, with insert taking up precious real estate. You can certainly use each part on its own, however I believe the glove systems benefits require both.
NOTE: On my dominant hand at its widest part it is 9.5" which most charts place in Large category. Sure glad I got the XLargeThe kiddo needed a pair of hikers to match his Dad's. They look good. They are a little tough to get on but oddly easy for the kiddo to take off... The soles are black nubuck with orange rubber dots for grip and once they're on, they seem comfortable for him. The kiddo has only been walking for a few weeks, so these seem a little easier for him to walk around in than ones with real rubber soles, however we live in Arizona and even the driveway & patio can get too hot to wear these on. These are really just good for running around indoors or "hiking" inside his pack carrier.Love this pair of shoes! Fits my son's feet perfect, and he loves it tooVery comfortable. True to sizeVery pretty shirt. Very well made. Runs a little bigger then it says.Ryka are the best shoes for women, my wife has been wearing them for her fitness walking for many years.Great for my 11 year old son!This is the second pair of shoes my husband has gotten, exactly the same.  He loved the first pair so much, they are worn out and so we bought the second  pair.Good looking boot, Very light and comfortable.  I can wear these all day and my feet don't get tired. The only beef is the orange part at the heel,  Used a marker to blend with the rest of the sole.Fit just like I wanted and the fabric feels real nice for a simple t-shirt.i would buy this product again and again and know that it is high quality...good support between foot and shoe.Is niceLove, love these shoes!  I play racquetball and these shoes are perfect. Light and they grip well on the court. I should have bought two pair.It is goodMaybe fit him next year, but too large now. Great jacket though!! Buying smaller size nowgreat watch and looks good on me arrived in good time i am pleased with my purchase it is all it suppose to be thankksShoes fit about as expected.  I was hoping I would be able to lace them up without pulling the laces up too close, which causes the shoe to lose it form.  Regarding the arch support, they were purchased for deadlifting.  So getting closer to the floor with good support was my objective.  Overall, I'm satisfied with them.Good bag, lots of pockets, and good size.

The only negative is the zippers aren't great quality, and get a little stuck.Excellent running shoe, light, fits very well, running barefoot from the first time. Run Alpine trails, dirt roas, asphalt .Looks nice. Lite weight. Looks better than the non textured. Non textured looks cheap compared to Under Armour brand, so this is a great compromise.like themLove it!These earrings are really pretty. I received a lot of compliments. They are obviously costume jewelry but they do not look as though they are made from cheap plastic or metal - they look like quality costume jewelry. Despite their size they are not very heavy - I don't wear earrings often and I wore for a whole night without any issues. The only thing I would note is that the posts are very long. I wore these to a wedding so there were a lot of hugs and kisses exchanged and I got jabbed behind the ear multiple times by people hugging me and putting their head on my shoulder.Dad really likes themGreat purse! I was a little apprehensive when I order it because of some of the review saying it's hard to put things in and pull out, but it was great I'm 5'2" 124lb so my hands are not very large therefore I did not have any trouble putting and pulling out things from the purse. It's also a great size not to small and not too large, just right fit my note 4, regular size agenda notebook, my long wristlet wallet, portable batteries, very small notebook, 2 pens, and napkins(I have a 5 yo) and keys. Very thing are very easily accessible.Fantastic flip flops for a great value!Great for the priceProduct arrived way quicker than estimated time. Product is one size so minor adjustment may be needed. Looked great on the wife. Very strappy. Front crotch section is see through.This is a very classic style dress, with its pretty bow detail, heavy fabric and beautiful shade of red. On the downside, sizing is way off. I first ordered my usual dress size 8, which was too small. I had to size up to a 12 to get the right fit!My mom loves them very much. ..  I highly recommend them....Overall, a good shoe. Had issues with the tongue bunching up on the sides.This is a nice, utilitarian bra.  The fabric, fit, and feel are all good.  The "extra coverage" under the arm is a bit different.  I'll be candid: rather than show under-arm fat, you can tuck it into the extra fabric.  While that is not at all a bad thing, it does cause the bra to have the potential to stick out further than normal in the underarm area of clothing.  Just something to keep in mind.  I do think I'll get tons of use out of this bra, and I adore the cute little detail where the cups come together in the front.  Definitely a good purchase.A little smaller than it should be for the measurements.It is just what I expected.very nice! warm, color goes with almost anything. can't ask for more.Really high quality. It will outlast me for sure.I recommend! Very good material.Everlasting gift. Very strong and would not fade or change colour. Best gift i ever purchased.looks beautifulI bought this item two weeks ago and was very pleased with this purchase. First of all,let me say I was somewhat skeptical buying shades online, but I owned a pair of aviator sunglasses previously, so I thought it couldn't be that bad. I also receive emails of new trends from Kenneth Cole as well, and this item is the 'in thing' this summer, as white is mostly worn. Let me say, this item is razor thin, very sleek, but the white rims actually pronounce the look and feel. I found the nose bridge a little too high however, but I guess that was the style because people told me they barely noticed it, so I wasn't feeling that bad. Thank you amazon for bringing it first and fresh!!!!Good fabric, good made. but black tags,spent time break off this labels.Have owned a few pairs of these Jordan's and the newest version is an upgrade over the previous model. They upgraded the material on the toe to protect where sole and shoe could separate after wearing them for a few months.It took less than a day to break in my shoes. The combination shiny patent leather type material and dull leather make this shoe wearable with all kinds of clothes. I also like that the inserts are removable so I can use them in my older Finns.I guess I misunderstood the sizing because these were too small for my 4 yr old granddaughter. She wears a 9 and I ordered a 9 but there's no way she could get her foot in them. I ordered a different kind of boot which wasn't as cute but the sizing was different. I ordered a 4/5 yr old and they fit. These boots are super cute and soft but beware of the size.Awesome pants and good deal.  I'm very happyFit smallGreat looking shoe ,I am well pleased.Roomy lightweight shorts. Adjustable too in waist and length.these are great looking shoes and are extremely comfortable. I bought these to replace a different par I bought online which has a foul odor I cant get rid of from the dyes and cheap rubber they used. these shoes don't have any of those problems.Use for water aerobics classes. Very nice cushion.  Would recommendHubby is wearing it.  There is nothing good or bad to tell about it.Have had a pair of Borns before and love the way they fit. These are perfect and the shipping was super fast.Very sturdy. I love that you can switch the orientation of the strap. Fits a lot more than I was expecting, I usually carry my nintendo ds, some small A5 muji notebooks, my tablet, and wallet. And there's still a LOT of room. I'd say that the A5 notebook fits well in the back pocket, anything slightly bigger is probably a snug fit. I bring this pack with me to the city, although some of my friends don't think it's safe since it's a backpack (and people walking behind you could in theory take things out without notice) but I haven't had any issues yet. You can adjust the fit of the strap, so it has a snug fit around my chest, and this makes it hard for people to grab my bag without me noticing. Even though there is a clasp at the bottom for the strap, it is really sturdy. I've had my friends yank me back by pulling the backpack without it breaking. Overall, a really great bag!Fit well a little long for this 52 girl but hemmed them up and were perfect. Pockets are fake thoughFun holiday apparels. Comfortable and fits as expectedGood quality, very comfortable. The size is little too big. I wish they have small and medium. . . .I walked around Europe literally all day for two weeks straight in these shoes and never once were my feet sore. I have terrible arches and usually deal with feet problems after long distances but not with these. I hiked mountains, walked down brick roads, and stomped on concrete sidewalks and these shoes managed to keep my feet comfortable each day. LOVE THEM! I would definitely buy them again and would also suggest them to friends/family.Got it a couple days early, fits perfectly!!I like the fact that the adjustment knobs are discreet and the numbers are large enough to easily read them.  I haven't got time to check all the features yet, but I will.  I like the Indiglo light, I believe it safes the battery life and is clearly visible in the dark.  The compass will come in handy in my case.A little thin, but genertally adequate.Really comfortable looks goodpretty and super comfyVery colorful and will wear during the Christmas holiday season.  Amazon is a good site to go to for ordering and was pleased with how this brooch was packaged.Be careful on sizing. I think that the sizes are accurate, but you have to remember that with a thick banded ring like this, it will be harder to get off. It is the exact same size as my other rings, but with the thick band I have to apply soap and hold my hand over my heart for a good few minutes before I can manage to get this ring off. Not a problem with the ring itself; just word to the wise.This item looks just like the picture.It's incredible how something so lightweight and thin can be so warm. Love it!Fun t-shirt to wear on a day you're feeling upbeat, or positive.I just returned from Brazil where I attended the Carnival in the Ipanema area of Rio.  There were a couple of million people in Rio for the Carnival.  I was on a street where we were squeezed together like sardines in a can.  I had my money clip in my cargo pocket with the velcro closed.  How could anyone steal my wallet from there?  They did.  They got all my cash, credit cards and my drivers license.  I had left most of my cash behind or I would now be a street beggar in Rio.  I decided to get a money belt because that is about the only thing they can not steal from you.
This product is perfect because it will hold my wallet, passport, camera, car keys, ear buds , boarding pass and any other small items I want to carry with me.
It only takes once to learn a lesson and I have learned mine.Remember they Shrink a bit after washing.Been wearing this shoe for a few years now.  Works really well for me.I like these. Good for the money. Added an extra innersole for a snugger fit.
Here are five extra words.Esta muy bienThe masks were the life of the party. The grandchildren wore them the next day too keeping the party goingMe encanta! excelente calidad y buen diseo!I've bought several of these and I love how they fit m. However, the charcoal tunic was a lot shorter than the others I have bought so I was disappointed with that.I'm 5"7 and 160 pounds I ordered a medium and it just fine. Just the sleeves have a snug fit.This product is very BEAUTIFUL.! Order from this seller with peace of mind. I will be ordering again.fits well and is very lightNice addition to the Johnny Cash T-shirt collection.  The T-shirt is good enough for my big burly guy to not feel like a girl in it, but nice enough for him not to embarrass me as we walk down the street.  Unlike his other Johnny Cash shirt where Johnny flips off people.  It gets him lots of compliments from other guys but ugly looks from women and children.Comfortable, Looks good.  Wear most anyplaceGave these to my adult son. He loves them.  Well made and stylish shoe.Soft, comfortable and cute.  The white design is a like a foam puffy application.  It does curl a bit, but nothing that causes concern.These shoes were a great value, considering what they normally go for.  They did seem to run a little big, but I would rather have it that way than too snug or too little.  I will definately be searching for more Earth shoes, as they help my aching feet feel better longer.New Balance makes/sells the only running/cross-training shoes wide enough to fit my feet comfortably, at least they are the only brand I've found.  I've been wearing NB cross-trainers for many years.  Unfortunately, NB seems compelled to tinker with what once was an outstanding product.  Earlier versions provided much better and, therefore, more comfortable support than do the more recent versions.  Replacing the original insoles with SuperFeet insoles is necessary, in my case at least, to make them suitable for all day wear.  I think NB needs to go back and figure out where they went wrong.So I love coach, and I loved the idea of a bigger cross body than the usual ones I have seen from coach. I love this one, but I do wish the strap was able to be just a bit longer. If that, then this would be a perfect handbag for my cross body and coach lovers!

Still great :)This dress fitted really nice on me. Somewhat large not tight. Its a very pretty print as well.I ordered a small for a snug fit, and they're perfect, I love them so much!! They can lose their softness after a few washes, and they can shrink so I recommend washing them on a gentle setting with cold water, but honestly I love this and I expect to buy many many more!!This is my second pair and I love these shoes.  I have Plantar Fascitis and the pain has completely gone wearing these shoes.  Haflingers are very comfortable while being supportive.Size 9 fits me best, and so that's what I ordered. These shoes look well made and fit very comfortably in the width. Unfortunately, there was a half an inch gap at my heel, so I decided to return them and ordered a half size smaller, which I noticed (too late) that a few other reviews had suggested doing. Even though I didn't get to wear them, they look and feel great. For me, the width was perfect. Just be aware you might need to order a half to full size smaller.These tops are soft and wonderful. They fit perfect on a plus size Apple body style.  The only issue I have is the sleeve length. Popana seems to only sell this style to make in short sleeves or long sleeves but not three-quarter. Why? Please consider this  when designing future products.Nice color and fits terrific thank youI like the shoes, but the 9.5 is larger than other brands. I keep them at the office for walk breaks. Work just fine but next time I would order size 9, 8.5-9 is my normal shoe size but I often size up on running shoes to allow for toe room.  They have good cushioning and aren't too flashy like a lot of running shoes are now.is okI bought this snarky t-shirt for my son for Christmas, and he loves it. Thanks for the great product. I would buy more from this vendor.I love this shirt! I have three boxers so it's perfect for me. Fits as expected and is very soft. Couldn't be happier with it.Thank the bra fits great, feels very comfortable and  shipping was fastAs with the the T strap these are great.  Just a little bit of a heel and also can be dressed up or for casual.  Very please with purchase.very good!Mmmm buenoI got this because of color for safety a lot more comfortable then I thought it would be nice fit front of neck doesn't feel like a noose that you stretch by keep pulling on itLarge tote. Nice pockets on outside. I give it a three because the inside width of bag doesnt seem to big and no pockets on inside. I use it for a clinical bag. It fits a clipboard and all. Overall a nice bag though. Does what I needed it for so cant complain for the price. :)These spikes were very well manufactured when I first got them, they were also very light which is awesome for sprinters. The only thing is that the shoes run smaller than expected so they were very tight causing blistersYes, these are the socks I was looking for.  Smaller than expected, they are.  All in all, they are worth the price.Fits to size. Looks great.Cute jammies that fit well.  Some other brands get all stretched out during each wear, but these retain their shape even after being worn for a long time.  They have elastic around the foot to help keep them in place.  The grippers on the bottoms of the feet aren't especially grippy, but I haven't found any that will prevent any slipping.Just wish they got the cup size accurate.Husband said he always wanted the same scarf as the Fourth Doctor.  So, I surprised him with this for his birthday.  Ladies, if youve a Dr. Who fan in your life, this is the thing to buy!  He LOVES it!  True to size and coloring, made very well, and arrived on time.  Another fantastic gift thanks to Amazon!I am 5'-4" tall and weigh about 120 pounds. I typically wear a US size 2 or a small/ medium in similar styles at juniors retailers like Forever22. I ordered the ELFIN Womens Summer Denim Dress in anew XL based off of other reviewers feedback. I probably could have gotten away with a L, but the loose style of the XL I'd super comfortable. I rolled the sleeves to achieve a more fitten, put together look. Unrolled, they hit below the elbow. The dress hits above the knee.

The denim material is a cotton blend. It is very lightweight and comforfable. I ordered the light color. It is not see through. It washes and dries on normal setting. A quick trip through the dryer releases any wrinkles. This dress is great or spring and summer, with a pair of sneakers or flip flops. It's easy to throw on and look cute with minimal effort.

Overall, this is a cute trendy style. Do pay attention to the sizing from the seller if ordering from yourself or as a gift. If uncertain, order up a size or two. A small stitch here or there or a belt can fix a too big item easier than the reverse.

I hope you found this review helpful. If so, I'd appreciate you clicking the "helpful" button!Nice pair of pantsOverall a very comfortable shoe; however, for a 9.5M they seemed a bit narrow. I always wear a 9.5M in a shoe this style and when I first put them on I was pretty concerned I wouldn't be able to wear them. For reference I was wearing  thin opaque tights with them, nothing heavyweight for stockings. I was running late so I wore them anyway and they did seem to give a bit throughout the day and I was able to wear them for 8 hours. The heel is the perfect height for me, not too low or too high. They are very good looking. I would have given them 5 stars if they hadn't been narrower than expected.These shoes are awesome!  Just keep in mind that they run VERY large.  I ordered a size 13, and a size 12 came instead.  I almost sent them back, then I tried them on and they fit perfectly!  I have never been able to wear a size 12 in any other shoe, so these must run very large. It worked out well for me, because they are fantastic boots.  They felt great out of the box, and after about 6 miles of break in, they feel like they were made for my feet.  Highly recommended. One star less because of the sizing and the heel needs to be a little more pronounced to have good breaking traction in mud.Comfortable.The bra is pointy looking. Other than that, it fits as expected. I ordered my normal size. 38C.My husband absolutely loves this kilt!  He has worn it to every burn we have attended since receiving it, and he is rough on his clothing!  Tumbles and flips and wrestling oh my!  He has done it all in this kilt and it still looks great!  The size truly is adjustable and fits him like a beauty!  I highly recommend this kilt to men and women alike (a lesbian friend who wears nothing but blue jeans borrowed it once and rocked it as well!!Beautiful!Great Fabric! Love it!Very nice but, make sure that the gaps are closed before wearing.Wearing it now. Great value for the price.These look great and are insanely comfortable but they do run a bit large so you might want to order a half size or more down.Fits great, the print and colors look so cool, looking forward to putting some miles on my new Reefs!Seem to run 1 size to large.Good underwear, but expensive.I purchased these shoes in every color for my husband and he loves them and so do I. Perfect fit! Very stylishThe watch looks very cool, however it is small. The round part is only 2 inches across. On one hand, it will fit well in a pocket; on the other hand, it is more difficult to work with one hand. It really needs to be just a bit bigger. I am going to keep it but would not buy this one again.I had to return this item it was too small. But I did love the colors in it. Sad to find out they didn't have anymore.Excellent hoodie! Highly recommend :)I bought this as a replacement for a Timex # 44108 watch (no longer available) that I'd had for probably 25 years.  I had a jewelry store in a town 120 miles away replace the battery in the old watch and it ran long enough for me to get home, then quit.  My first thought was that the jeweler put in a bad battery.  I opened the back and discovered the jeweler had actually replaced the battery with the wrong one.  I put in the correct one, but the watch still didn't work, so I bought this one.  This one is almost identical in appearance, function and quality as my old one, and so far has kept accurate time as well as my old one.  If this one lasts as long as my old one did, this will be the last watch I'll need.Took a few days to break in but now comfortable.Wow is too small a word to describe this beautiful time piece. When I opened the box I was blown away at the detail and craftsmanship put into this watch. The striking deep blue color of the face is amazing. The gold leaf is accented so well on the face and the adjustment screws. The hands and circular spots give off a soft glow in the dark and the mechanism appears to mirror a watch five times the price.
Also, the weight of the watch is amazing for the price. The materials of the band appear to be solid, giving the piece a nice weighty feel. The bezel does fully rotate, similar to that of a true divers watch. I am absolutely in love with this watch; it has already surpassed my expectations of craftsmanship. Can't yet comment on how well it keeps time, but I am guessing that it will do what it is marketed to-keep precise time. I can heartily recommend this watch at this point, just based on how well it appears to have been made. What a beautiful time piece folks.Beautiful and exactly as pictured, just a little see through.it's a very comfortable bra, especially with the back support.  It did fit snug and is easier to put on with front closures if you go up a size.Love theseNice hatI ordered these shoes for a Gatsby ball; they look a little old fashioned, so they were perfect. Upon looking closely though, you can see they are pretty cheap shoes. That didn't bother me because most people are not looking that closely at the shoes anyways. They were comfortable, and I was able to dance all night in them without any problems. The one thing I was not too fond of though, is that in the picture the shoes look like a shiny silver, but in person, they are a shiny silver and the sparkles/glitter are multicolor. That's not exactly what I was expecting.The chain was a bit uncomfortable and not at all attractive, but the symbol itself was exactly what I wanted.I have this jacket in brown. Been looking for black in this jacket for quite some time. It is outstanding.This costume is just great! My 4yr old has had it on as much as possible since we got it!Absolutely love supernatural all though this shirt fits snug. This shirt is made for girls who don't have muscle. If you wear a medium get a large if you have strength that shows.Great shirt, buy a size larger than you regularly wear.Once I broke these in, they are comfortable and I haven't had issues with them causing tenderness in my feet when I do my 32 minute 2.5 mile walk, I've had issues with a LOT of sports shoes that are advertised as "walking shoes" not able to handle a high stress walk at all, causing stress points in my feet which before I'm done with my walk the bottom of my feet are very tender, and note that I have some extreme calluses on my feet from walking around barefoot often so it's quite an achievement for a shoe to cause tenderness or bottom of the foot blisters. I also have a knee that I've had to have surgery for so the heavier walking shoes that are more focused on durability and arch support cause problems, but these are very light weight and still support my feet.
But these ones are perfect, naturally it took a few days for me to break them in, the sides of the tongue seemed really thick and uncomfortable, but I rode them out to let them actually break in, as you need to do with shoes, and after a few days of always wearing them they were perfect, I was uneasy about ordering online for shoes since I have very short but wide feet size finding tends to be quite the chore, but I had no issues with the 5.5 Wide pair I ordered, when these start to break down, I'll likely be getting another of the same pairThe product is durable.  It holds up under repeated use and many machine washes.  The product is lightweight and flexible.  The length is great.  They reduce chafing and high moisture levels.  I would recommend purchasing these for any activity level.This was exactly what I was looking for - except that it's larger then I expected.  I got a small (I wear a size 4ish in pants normally) and it's definitely a bit large.  I'll still wear them around the house.  They're basically nice sweat pants.I love this hat! I had one and it was stolen and had to replace it. I wear it all the time. Keeps the sun off my head and my ears.The only problem I have with these is that when they arrived at my house I noticed two little scratches on the frames. You can't notice them when you're wearing them but whatever. Good buy for the price.Loved the jacket, just runs large and returned mine.These are great! Very comfortable and stylish.Great quality. Very cute. My daughter loves it and has not taken it off since Xmas morning.The fabric is a little on the flimsy side, but I suppose it will feel a bit less like cardboard/paper when I wear them in.  Good fit, hope they can last though, they don't seem the most durable...I'm going to be staying with Hoka shoes for life.  After my third pair, my arthritic big toe remains a non-issue.  The condition was bad enough that I was prescribed orthotics several years ago and advised to phase out running.  The roll of the shoe, combined with the cushioning, makes my hallux limitus a non-factor.  I just completed my thirteenth half marathon and set a new personal best in these shoes.  Zero foot pain.Good quality!Boyfriend's Christmas present, he totally loved it.  Nice quality item.Jacket fits perfectlyComfy!I am a size 8-10(bought a medium) and still have plenty of room to wear pants underneath.  They have belt loops and plenty of pockets for the mom on the go.  These are my first snow pants and I'm totally happy.I love this purse.Absolutely gorgeous ring , wore it for 3 weeks and just bought another one , worth every pennyToo small so it was returned. I have other similar Skechers. These shoes are great otherwise.Did the job. kinda creepy...Nice to wear on hard floor surfaces.It is well worth the money  you cant go wrongMy wife loved the new top I purchased for her,stylish and great quality and price did I fofget to mention so so comfortable.Appear to be a very good buy for the priceVer y software andar comfortable.Works but its too big. I normally order a shirt size medium and I should have got a size small of these.Although the fit is about a size behind, they're still worth the 5 stars. I'm 6'0" and these are a little long on me, that's a rarity when it comes to women's clothes. They're also extremely comfortable and so soft.Very good quality, but this was a lot heavier than anticipated when wearing. I wore it for a month but it was too heavy for constant wear for me.All orders were are very niceI am in love with the way this wig feels it is so soft it just glides through my fingers . The color is beautiful just like picture I like the fact that with low heat I can style it however I want. If anyone from company reads this please contact me I have alopecia which means I'm going bald and need to wear wigs every day. I would love to review more of your wigsI always wear medium in Calvin Klein.  Fit as expected... maybe a LITTLE bigger than the bikinis and thongs (not by much though... like a hair).  I'm 5'4", 125lbs and ordered a medium.  It also does not cover much of the behind.  The whole reason I buy boyshorts is so that I can lounge around in them. Kind of defeats the purpose if my butt cheeks are hanging out...Great Looking And Well CraftedI absolutely love this hat. It was exactly what I expected and cannot wait to style it with an outfit.My little boy loves to wear this outfit. He wore it to an airshow recently, and he loved it that people were telling him how cool his Planes shirt was. Great purchase!Daughter loves themWas looking to update my aesthetic, these have held up for a few months now with light use, the clips hold without breaking, and the adjustment still works well. They're a good price and a quick way to update a look!These shoes are the bomb. Have been in water up to 2 inches and my feet stayed perfectly dry. I shopped for more than two weeks to find just the right shoes and I'm glad I was patient. I have no complaints about these shoes. I went with a 1/2 size bigger than my normal shoe size as other reviews suggested and the fit is great.I ordered a two pack and I really like these, however one already had a hole in it when I received it. So very disappointed in the quality received, but I do like the way they fit.NiceOh this is gorgeous.  I look and feel beautiful when I wear it.BEAUTIFUL bracelet - but had to return it - too small for my wrist.
Waiting for the return to processGorgeous. Lovely.I love my boots. They  fit as expected. I expect to get years of good wear from them.My dad had sent me a picture of this jacket months ago. He had seen it in a shop far away from us, but it was too expensive. I am SO GLAD I searched online for it. I found the exact one here and for about $170 cheaper. Gave it to him for Christmas and he gave me every reaction I was hoping for. He talks about it all the time and absolutely loves it. This is a great, quality item.Christmas giftVery niceThis bag is roomy but doesn't look too bulky. I can fit gym clothes and shoes, as well as daily essentials, plus a water bottle, without it feeling heavy and too hot against my back. The colors are vibrant. The roses and trimmings are more pink than red (as it appears on my screen). Excellent value for money.My grand daughter was a beautiful princessMy husband has problems with cracks in his feet, so socks and shoes are very important. He wears steel-toe boots for work, and these socks have a lot of cushion, but also help his feet breathe. They are a bit thick, so better for colder climates, or use just during winter months. But overall, great sock.Top of shoe is wider then expected but still has a nice clean look to them, Wanted a boot without much detailing and a clean line. The heel adds a feminine touch.Great looking boots somewhat cofortable but, after one day I noticed the left was a little bit looser. I put insoles in them and that helped a little. Overall I feel like I'll live.new my favorite!This Blue dress came unused undamaged
Fit me very good, looks like the picture. Highly recommended!Where nice I wat to get the black ones size 6.5 thank you.Good. But not worth $30Fit was perfect and style is cute. Just what we were looking for.Despite waiting several weeks for it to arrive, the price and quality are well worth it. Its a good ring.Elegant shoeShirt fits great. Nice and long.Pretty nice.3 out of 4 were fine. One was too smallIt looks professional, good for white collar, dress code.
But a bit smaller than I expected.
Overall, good quality bag.I really like the fit and the panty opening (it's really useful). It smoothed the areas I needed very well. The only problem I have is the thigh ending. It is fitted so I can only where with a skirt or dress. I have big thighs so I'm sure that is part of the problem. Definitely a good buyLove this dress! Fit exactly as expected. I am 5'5", 145 pounds, typically a size 6 pants. I got a medium and it fits perfectly. Hits right above the knee, so I feel comfortable wearing it to work with a cardigan. Will definitely get more cowcow dresses.Fit is a little small, but I've had other similar styles by dansko so I knew to order up a size.
First package had the wrong size in the box. Amazon gets 5 stars for ease of return.
Very easy to print return authorization and schedule UPS pickup.
Sandals fit well, support great and look cute!I lost over 50 pounds after giving birth and this really gave me the look I was desiring. It lifts the butt and smooths the stomach. It does run small and I do suggest purchasing larger. I'm 5'6 128 pounds and the large fits perfectly!! I look really good in the garment and it adds what I was kind of lacking to my hourglass figure. Overall I LOVE it.!I am very pleased with the shoes.  They match my dark bright navy dress perfectly. I have a problem toe and rarely wear heels but I have been wearing them to walk around the house and they feel really good. I will replace the heel cap but otherwise they are perfect for my daughters wedding.I like it the size is exactly fitbought for my boyfriend because he eats sriracha on EVERYTHING, it looks just like the picture and fits well!Soooooo comfy and prefect!Bought this as a gift for my husband. He said it fits well and he's usually a size 11. They are soft and seem comfortable.Good buy for the price and it fits very well.Excellent to wear all day long.I ordered this dress for a wedding. I was very excited to find an affordable maternity dress. I'm glad I ordered a size up and went with a large because there isn't much stretch. It's good quality and the color is true to the picture. It arrived quickly and the packaged nicely. I'm very happy with it.I was hesitant at first to purchase this item, as typically bodysuits and rompers just don't fit me.  I have a slightly longer than average torso, and I wanted this for comfort and lounging around the house in.  If it came up short, literally, it would be majorly uncomfortable.  I'm usually a medium, but went for the large in this and am glad I did.  It's not quite as tight as I'd like around the bust/waist area, but the length is perfect.
It came packaged very nicely, and when I took it out, the material felt and looked of a good quality.  Not something that you'd expect to spend $50+ on, but definitely on-par with the price point.  There was no cutting in on my butt or thighs from the leg bands, and it kept me nice and warm while I wore it.  I paired it with some over-the-knee socks, and managed to look cute and be comfy at the same time.  I'll definitely be purchasing this in additional colors.Great look. Tight.I really like this belt, and use it all the time. But drawing from a holster causes a slight movement in the belt because it isn't very stiff. It's useful for holding objects on the belt, but it does have a slight horizontal wiggle.The color and design of the shoes meet my expectations. They slide on me and I must use a heel insert. This brand does not have the best sizing for my feet.Super fast delivery and product was premium qualityThese are nice. Not see-through. They were long before washing but I put through washer and dryer and now they are perfect length. I'm tall and carry most of my weight in my thighs/butt. I wish I would have sized up just for a little extra but still fit good.I'm always hesitant around clearly MAN-created female sportswear...

Almost as much-so as I am when it comes to underwire.

But as someone with an average-sized bust and a smaller-than-average rib-size, I must say I think I might very well be in love with this bra!We had these from a previous year and lost em somehow.  This was a reorder.
They were as pictured and advertised.  Used as publicity for our annual crab feed.This dress is beautiful! It was longer than I expected and love it. After reading the other reviews, I did buy a bigger size and I'm glad I did. Fits perfect.Fabric soft and fits me well.This is a fine hat had it had it several months many compliments.
Like any fine straw hat  do not grab it by the brim or use both hands and keep it out of the rain.
Six months later still love it.  got a medium for my wife she also loves it Happy Wife Happy life.I love these. They are super comfortable, no rubbing at all. Only thing is that they shrunk about 1/2 a size while they were in the trunk exposed to the sun during a 2.5hr drive. So don't leave them in the sun. These are way more comfy than the Crocs Women's Kadee Flip Flop.I bought this purse for my mom and she loved it.  great gift.Greater purchase.Love Saucony trail shoes and this pair is no exception, the grip on this new breed is impressive on all surfaces, highly recomendexactly what I wantedVery pretty but the fabric is very stiff and came folded so there are creases in the material that I need to figure out how to get out.Shoes are great, look great. The look & feel of great quality & will hold up well. They feel a little small, but it could just be bc they're new & need broken in. I just had a baby & I hear sometimes your feet grow so maybe that's why it feels tight.Reasonable for the money !!Husband loved them :). Theyre comfy, fit well, and the Harry Potter theme made him smile.Feels good, looks good. Not sure how long it will lastcute velvety maryjanes. arrived quick but were a bit smelly. I let them sit outside for a few hours and spayed with febreeze and the smell went away.I love this boot. Just have to get used to the shape of heel (walking again after stroke). Very comfortable i wear size 10 and ordered an 11 which was a good choiceNice Star Trek shirt.  Excellent quality.I really liked this skirt when I received it. But I only wore it a couple of times in the last six months because I am in my early 30s and it is really for a 15 year old, with all the sparkles on the front and on the back. It's a great quality skirt for a teenager, but not a "vintage-looking" fashion-piece for a grown up. I wish it was a little longer and a little less sparkly.My daughter loves themmy great granddaughter looovvvvveeeeeesssssss it.I Iiked the texture and thickness but the top kept rolling down and the overall fit was to small. The legs for great I'll try this again in a larger size.This bag is fun! The long strap has popped off but I can use it without.These boots are great. They are very warm and well made. I would suggest buying a size up though, they run a little small. I wear an 8 and the 8's in these are very snug on me. I wish I would have bought a 9. Other than that I like them a lot.Love the color, nice light jacket.Purchased this for "geeky" expectant parents. They loved it! Plus, the babe looks great in purple. Well made material, has been washed several times and the wording doesn't seem to be fading.Shoes are comfortable and cute with pants and jeans.Fits just as expected based on their measurement chart! Colors are also true to the pics. I bought this in Vermillion because I wanted a "true red" and wasn't disappointed. I'm 5'4" so the front hem just passes over the ground when I'm in ~2" heels- as others have said, it does have a bit of a train in the back but I didn't mind. Had to take the shoulders up a bit as mine are very short but good fit, otherwise.We tried countless pairs of pants for my 10 yo son.  These fit great and look awesome for his school uniform.  He has both the shorts and pants.  I just wish they didn't cost quite so much.Great deal as an addon item lots of products to mix and match cuteReally cute and comfy. They run a little bigger than other uggs. I ordered a size 7 and they are about a 1/2 size bigger than my other size 7 Uggs.  I still like them and the difference isn't enough to return them.Nice boots, good quality for price2x on 230 lbs s/hv been more room.Just wish it was a little larger.These are huge. Huge.These boots argre great. They are durable at the same time they have nice arches in them that comfort my feet.It was exactly as I expected! If not more. Excellent product!I ordered the wrong size.These boxers are made of very comfortable material. They are made with a different pattern than other boxer briefs (Hanes) that I have worn.

Once I figured out where they are supposed to ride, I didn't notice them all day.These feel much better than not having any socks on at all.Run a bit large and wish they had grip on bottom. My son who hates seams loves these! Finally a sock I don't have to readjust 75 times! If your toddler has issues with seams these are for you!Loved it!  Took it camping; it was just exactly what I expected.I get compliments whenever I wear these sandals. They are well made and very comfortable. they run slightly long though.These bras are pretty Comfortable. My baby is almost 6 weeks old and ive been living in them. After washing, it did collect little lint balls on the bra but not a big deal. My bust is around size 34 DDD and I purchased a size L, probably will get a xl next time.Cute boots, I ordered one size bigger for her fat little feet. Glitter is not overwhelming. They fit pretty good, but I feel like there should be some more ankle/lower leg room.Best watch I have ever had!Great fit. awesome shoes.This dress is perfect!great watchQuite comfortable, very breathable, and lots of package room. Snug fit.nice top, goes goos with jeans or shorts. fits perfectly. i wear a med/lg normally depending on material. I ordered a medium and its perfect. not tight allI bought a bunch of different pieces with green amber from this company as I wanted to see them in person and figure out how they would look on me. It's so hard to imagine the scale of a piece even if you know the measurements. I was buying and returning and buying and returning because I loved the quality and color of the amber but something was a little off with the styke of each set I bought. I honestly wasn't crazy about these from the picture but figured with free returns I'll add them to the list as I needed at least some earring for an upcoming holiday. When these arrived they were the ones. They are so pretty in person. I had bought a set of just earrings and then also this necklace and earrings set (the set was on sale). The earrings I received first I loved but the green color of the amber was a tad of a different shade in the two earrings. Not something a lot of people would notice but I'm kind of crazy color sensitive so it bothered me. I want to say the earrings with the necklace set had the same issue. So I bought two more sets of just earrings and layed all four pairs of earringa on the table and chose the two most briliant green stones that matched the best and matched the others with their most similar shade before returning all but one pair which I wear almost weekly now and love.Unusual and alien. Worth the price ! People will step aside!As far as commuter bags go, this is one of the best out there for older professional men, either for work or in a casual setting. Its subtle, classy and yet not as informal as the trendier crumpler or timbuktu messenger bags that appeal to the younger crowd. I especially like the lightness of the bag, its ability to hold its shape even when empty (with extra padding on the sides and base), the internal magnets that secure the flap in place well and the well-constructed soft fabric inner lining. Best of all, the cognac colour is extremely pleasing to the eye and very soft - it looks far more expensive than it actually is.They fit perfect & I love the color! I have another pair that I bought in a store and they didn't have the color I wanted. Amazon had a great selection of colors. I understand they are a little expensive but they are worth every penny especially when you have PF which I had operated on in Jan. these are the only sandals I can wear.Used this product recently in 16 degree, snowy and blustery weather to work outside.  Only had rain bibs over top with no insulation.  Was perfectly warm and dry.  38 inch waist 240 lbs and the XL fits well.Very comfortable and it fit as expected.  I like the storage pouch that came with it.  It feels durable and provided good coverage.WOW.  Great socks.  Buy these you want be disappointed.I received this in less than a week after I ordered it and was very impressed. So excited to give this to my mom for her bday next week! thanks!!!!They are really nice and seems like they will actually last a while!! But they do seem to be a little larger than i wanted them to be.... but atleast my daughter can grow into them.These boots arrived ahead of schedule and are actually much more attractive in real life - the picture doesn't show the beautiful purple and silver that is in this boot.  However, it said it was a medium width boot.  It is a extremely narrow boot - even going up a size I couldn't get my foot into it, so I had to return the item, and I had to pay return shipping. That's why this item doesn't get a 5 out of 5 star rating.This is a very comfy dress especially for hot California days. I bought one last year and wore it at home constantly, so I bought another this year. Great price!These capris were a little large for me but I wore them anyway on my cruise.  They are very comfortable, though.  And I love the bright color!This was just what I was expecting, although it seems just a little big, especially in the sleeves.Love it, love it, love it!  A weave of substance but not bulky...... It hugs me in the morning!these are gorgeous comfortable and very classy.! THe heels are not too uncomfortable. cheaper here than dsw. It is a little pricey but it is worth it.Nice shoes.  The front white part gets dirty and is hard to clean, but that is to be expected.Big negative on color; I ended up with the Dark Olive hat instead of the Taupe one.  Shame on you Amazon, you sent me the wrong-colored hat.

That said, the hat itself is great.  Warms the head in colder weather, keeps the sun out of my eyes and off my neck, and is stylish.  Since it's made of wool, it's easy to shape and clean as well, if you know how to clean wool.  The leather band is easy to remove if you want to, and the gigantic PENDLETON brass piece on the leather band comes off easy after you bend the metal stays.

The hat (obviously, due to its shape) doesn't cover your ears, so keep that in mind when buying.  I've worn it in weather that blew other guy's hats off, and this hat stayed on my head with no issues.  At no point in the windstorm did I feel this hat try to fly off my head.

I'd give this hat a 5/5 if Amazon had shipped me the correct color.I love this dress and the material needs no ironing. Awaiting more patterns that I adore and I'll surely purchase them!Purchased these for my 2 1/2 year old.  It took some convincing to get her to try them on because they are so very different than the normal shoes she wears day-to-day.  Once she accepted them, however, she loved them.  The only minor issue we found is because they are a little long for her, we have to make sure she doesn't try to run in them...she tried once and immediately tripped and fell.  Our main reason for purchasing these sandals, however, are for trips to the lake or river this summer where our daughter will be playing in the water.  When we tried them out by our backyard pool, we were very pleased that they provided good traction, even on a wet patio.  They do run a little big both in length and width--our daughter currently wears a 6.5 to 7 in other shoes but the size 6 sandal is still pretty roomy on her.  All-in-all, very pleased to be able to purchase a quality Teva product for such a reasonable price!Me encanta este producto porque lleno mis espectativas. Gracias por los servicios prestados. Me encantaria que agruparan un poco mas los pedidos.Good price, beautiful colors and love the heel height. I wish I could buy all of them.,Maybe im going for the teal ones.Beautiful shirt fits properly and my son loves it.As with many entry-level Seikos, the band is not the best. This is a very nice watch though and looks fantastic on leather. For the money you're paying you are getting a fantastic timepiece and it's greatly recommended. As a watch collector with many watches that cost way more, i think this is definitely a fantastic option for anyone looking for a reliable good quality watch.Adorable shirt, fits as expected. Great way to share the good news with family and friends!I love the color of these shoes. They are also comfortable.  I have issues with shoes due to the fact that I over pronate. Although I cannot run in these, they are comfy for simple walks.Love, love these.  They are a perfect compliment to my blue with pink hints Skechers!  I will never worry about tripping on an unraveled shoe lace again!Great for at home wearI LOVE  these socks and wear them just about every day!Great quality, love the color and style. However they are a tad bit larger than expected but just a little not exagerrated. I can still use them without any problems they don't fall offI like simple hats and these are perfect, they fit niceNot a bad shoe.  I usually run with more cushy models like the Kinsei and the Nimbus, but I wanted to try something specifically for trail running.  I made a major improvement by installing some Dr. Scholls Athletic Insoles.  I just ran 6 miles with my improvement and they now seem perfect for trail running.  I also had to buy a half size up because of my Morton's toe issue.Decent shirt, cool design. What you see is what you get. Sizes seem to fit pretty true. There's not much more I can say.Such a cute shirt! Bought for my teenage daughter and she loves it!these are the ideal everyday shoe; sleak, light weight, and once broken in they become very comfortable.  this particular color combo(chrome/cobalt) is my favorite but i can't finda pair (10.5-11)anywhere.  email me at clayraiken@hotmail.com if you have a pair.It's a lil bit large that I imagine, but very comfortable if you are going to a place with a lot of sun and no place to find a shadow... it is S size tag, and due that my head it's somewhat small, the size, is very accurate. Take that in mind.Fit OK-- await the first washing/drying cycleI got these to wear for my pole fitness class. It works well for those summer days where it's humid in the pole fitness class and bare feet stick to the floor. Be careful though to make sure if you are using these for pole fitness to ask the owner and/or instructor to see if you can wear items with rhinestones. My class we can't because rhinestones scratch up the poles.ThanksI bought this pair as a gift because mine are amazing!
I originally wanted a shower ready flip flop with top straps that stayed up, rather than collapse, when I slipped them off. I take showers and change in a public gym, so the constant bending over was...well...you get it.
I have come to LOVE them! They're comfortable, durable, and the tops don't collapse down when I remove my foot! My showers are much more comfortable now!Runs small, strong chemical odor, but airing them out helped. Great color.they are really good and the material is really soft for the baby , it looks from a far large but when we tried it , it just fit and looks really awesome .These boots looked just the way I thought they did, I really like them.
They are very soft inside. I think they will be perfect for rainy days.
The only issue I had was that the top of the foot on one of them was crushed down
a little and took wearing them several times to get it to pop back up.
This was more of a packing problem.This body chain is lightweight and didn't look on me as it does in the photo, but I am not a size zero so I expected it to fit different. The plus is, it fit. I am 5'5 and weigh 200 lbs, somewhere around a 32 in the waist, and although stretched, the chain fit comfortably around my body without feeling strained or too tight. I posted a photo so you can get an idea of what it fits like, if you are thick like me. Overall, I like it. The only thing is, it faded some by the end of the night....but I expected that for the price so no biggie.LOVE LOVE LOVE these shirts!as advertised. perfect length. one word--> lovely!The material is a bit thinner, and less spandex. I decided these are perfect for summer! I really do like that they are made with more cotton than spandex. They breath very well, and hold their shape.I wish I would have ordered the large.I consider this top as a versatile, feminine and affordable one. If you wear appropriate accessories this garment can be used in different occasions as casual and cocktail too.They arrived about a week after I ordered them July with standard delivery which is pretty good considering I live in New Zealand. Took about 3-4 short walks to break them in but now they are really comfortable. Did a 3 week tour of SE Asia with these in July/August - so during the monsoon season. Wet, hot and humid. Boots stood up well, kept my feet dry and the ventilation is superb, which I was surprised about but also very grateful for!

Fairly easy to clean which saved a lot of time for me. Nice ankle support too. All in all, a great pair of boots.Got it fast, Surprised my Wife, 20 inch neckless with matching earrings. We're both happy with Quality, Color and uniform size. 20 inch = perfect size for her. Looks very nice on her.
Thank you too, The Pearl Source.Love love love how this bathing suit fits, and I'm hard to fit.Nice shoes!Cute cotton panties. Fit great.  Very comfortable. Lots of color one one pair was white.So far so good!nice bi-fold for the price.Mask was perfectThis watch is very good lather strap is a good qualityI love love love the KInvera 2 and was sadly disappointed that it's discontinued. It took me so long to find a running shoe that didn't leave me unable to run at all for days.  The 2 was perfect for me.  The 3 was nothing like it and the minute I tried it on I knew it wasn't for me.  The 4 is better than the 3. Closer in fit to the 2.  It'll suffice but I still miss the 2.  Won't Saucony consider bringing back the Kinvera 2? So many loved it!Amazing but I will wait and see how long it will lastThis company is very easy to work with.  I had a problem with my order (my fault, not Diversions') and they assisted me quickly and to my satisfaction.  Plus, I love the shirt!I had second thoughts about purchasing this Item but after I tried it on and actually put it to use, I must say it works!!! My Belly was sucked in and it is great for Poster.  Even After I took it off I could still feel the effect.  In my opinion it is a great way to train your belly LOL.  Great product!!!!!I love these bags! Great products. They last a long time, great for work, washer safe.Very happy with the RS Tee - ThanksThese seem a little bit bigger and wider than my other crocs.  Otherwise I like themMy daughter has the matching earings, so very happy to find the matching necklace by Anna Beck.  It'll make a perfect Christmas present.Like ltThese are a great pair of earrings for the dollar.  They are perfect small hoops that can be dressed up or dressed down but still elegant.  They are not huge diamond blingy earrings, and if that is what you want then you should choose another pair.The sleeves were too long so I had to return them.  Otherwise, they were of good quality.I wear them to work. And the store. And to dinner. And.. seriously, unbelievably comfortable. And they travel well. They take up very little space in a back pack. Also, did I mention they are comfortable?Beautiful dress. Very classy and well madeAbsolutely comfortable! Run about a size small! My boyfriend wears a 12 and we got a 13, which is perfect!!The blouse fit as expected, it pais well with the Calvin Klein pants i bought.Very cute suit. I sized up as suggested and regret that, because I don't think I needed to. It was loose fitting, but I kept it anyway, as I needed it sooner than I could replace it. Straps tend to slip from my shoulders. I love the length of the skirt. It is longer than any other suit I've had. Great quality material.I give it a five love the chainsIt is a beautiful watch. Packaged beautifully and securely. The recipient of this watch add a gift absolutely loved it.I kinda feel like it looks like a pajama shirt on but its cute think and looks cute with boots and leggings!I have always been a fan of reversible belts. This one was alright. Enough to give me that variety when I need itLove love love these shoes! They are super comfortable and i love that they are fully ajustable unlike other sandels. My only complaint would have to be, the plastic triangle that connects the toe strap to the strap that goes up your foot hurts my pinky toe. Its right one top of my toe and makes it slightly uncomfortable but it doesn't bother me to bad. Also a heads up ladies, if you have chunky feet/ankles like me the toe strap is wonderful, but the ankle strap won't fit completely across. Mine stopped about mid ankle. It still velcrows. But half of the velcrow shows since the strap just isn't quite long enough. I can still wear them comfortably and with no issues. Thats just a heads up if you want the pattern to go all the way around your ankle and no velcrow showing.Love these sandalsVery good~I love this ring!! When I saw this ring I immediately fell in love with it. I requested it, got approved, purchased it and I can't stop looking at it. I had my doubts about the sizing not be correct and that it wouldn't look anywhere near as beautiful in real life than it did in the picture. I was so wrong. The size I requested is the size I requested. The beauty and smoothness these two rings have is perfect. The sparkle it provides and the beauty is well worth it. This opinion is my own. I must disclose that I received this ring at a reasonable rate in exchanger for my honest opinion.The hat was purchased as a costume piece for a play and was used by three different characters. They all looked very official.Soon.OkBought as a gift. It fit as expected. Quality is goodLittle too big for me. Nice earrings otherwise. I just can't wear earrings this big.Classic.  Durable and toughJust as described! Very warm and water repellent. They are really cute with the little hearts too! My granddaughter loves them!Fun purse - I love it!The back strap broke off within a week, but you get what you paid for. Overall though, very chic and professionalsuper cute and comfortableI bought 2, one broke within the first hour (but they refunded the purchase and were great about it).  They were only for a one time use so I wasn't too upset about it breaking.  The headband was a little big for me so it would fall back a bit.  They were great looking though, I loved the glitter look and the glitter didn't rub off and go everywhere.  They are inexpensive and nice to use for a short period of time, but I wouldn't recommend for a long term use.Just gotta comment.  These boots, FANTASTIC!!  Soft leather (easy zip). Bought for my daughter to use with costume for Cosplay event coming  up.  They are perfect the front lace up effect looks great.  Color a knock out.  I have a shoe fettish, the boots are moms (I like that much) when she no longer needs...  Quality excellent!!  A beauty of a boot, delivered to my home FREE shipping overnite.  This WITHOUT fighting the mess of traffic getting to a MALL and paying (most likely) 3 x's what they are selling for.  Actually this Mom is anxious to give these boots a wear when my daughter no longer needs.  TOTALLY a sharp look for any time wear.Awesome shoe my 2nd pair!! Thinking about a third pair. Excellent travel shoe. Looks great with jeans! Buy it now.I chose women's shoes as a filter on the website, so when I chose the size I needed, I thought i would be getting the LADIE'S size I needed but when I received them, they were men's sized.  Needless to say, my daughter's birthday present was ruined.  But, I know better for next time and would not hesitate to purchase them again - with men's sizing though.  Color was perfect.Hubby loves how light it is for the summer.  Couldn't beat the price!My wife bought this for me. I've been a bodybuilder for 10 years and it's sort of a funny ugly Christmas sweater that fits my 'gym rate habits' quite well. It runs a bit small-- perhaps because I'm a lot more muscular than it's designed for. (I wear large in t-shirts and the while the XL sweater fits if I lift my hands over my head my abs are exposed. Just a little caution when you wash as it will shrink, probably pretty substantially. The sleeves are long enough, but it hangs just had waist level with my arms down. If I went a size up it would be too long in the arms.

However that's really to be expected with a cheap 100% cotton sweater :)easy to handle, easy to place in the overhead bin,  holds enough for two or three days of travelThey fit very well and are a lot more comfortable for their price. Normally low priced steel toed shoes are crap but they're really high quality.I am one of those people who is always cold, when other people aren't. I love flannel shirts for that extra, breathable layer of warmth. This is my first experience with a Cardhartt Flannel Shirt. My all time favorite was a shirt from Landsend from Portugeuse flannel. Comparatively, this one is stiffer and less soft - and that is after having washed it a couple of times (no shrinkage I could perceive). Part of the issue is that the sleeves (as other reviewers have noted) are too long. So I rolled up the cuffs and they are big and stiff with the added material. Another issue is the pockets which prevent the front plackets from 'flowing' which adds to the rigidity of the shirt. That being said, the plaid is a beautiful pattern that goes well with a lot of things; I love the sea greens and blues. The shirt is quite warm due to the weight of the fabric. I wouldn't want to sacrifice weight of fabric / warmth, but I would have preferred more softness in the fabric, a more appropriate sleeve length and no pockets. But this one is a keeper, nevertheless, if for no other reason that the beautiful colors / plaid, which were accurately depicted on-screen).Just got these in red and they are beautiful.  The red is almost sparkly, but only up close.  They fit very well and are very soft - no break-in time needed. They run slightly large, but not enough to go up a half-size.  The width is very generous for a M, but not too wide either.  I will enjoy wearing these to work, but they would be great for going out too.  Shipping was within a week.is rather smallI really love that the straps are so adjustable. DD cup is a perfect fit for me, too.Runs small. My daughter is 8 and in the petite side yet it fit a little too perfectly. Good addition to costume though! It kept her head warm during night trick or treating.Fun comfortable shirt, great color, true to size, very nice.Kinda disappointed in the color.  The ox blood  is beautiful.  The black is dingy  very dull and more dark charcoal.  Being fabric should not make the color be such a washout.  Black gets dusty which makes it look a color other than black.  I would  not recommend black as a color choice.  The bag is very stiff.  Still crinkled.  Will be glad when the wrinkles are gone.  It looks like unkempt clothing.  Spacious. I've lost my black wallet in it cause it went to the bottom of the bag and I  couldn't see it.We chose the Medium black and white floral for a 5' 9.5" 126 lb girl based on size chart and other reviews. She would usually wear a small but the Medium was perfect. It's a beautiful dress and I love that it goes to the knees which is difficult to find for tall girls. May buy more colors!My son loved the look and the durability of these jeans.  They looked nice on him and had a great priceFits fine - I did buy it with the waist size 1" larger than usual and am glad.  The tight weave is nicely wind resistant and very tough.  I wore these on a recent 24 mile weekend trip through plenty of brush and they held up fine.  Very satisfied and looking forward to using them on a big hike along the Tuscarora Trail in Summer, 2017.beautiful i bought threeEverything was as expected.Very happy. Good thickness, good weight, large pockets & hood, and a good fit (5'-9" 185 lbs.) Ordered a Large.
The inside of the sleeves are lined in a smooth satin type material which is great because it eliminates friction thereby keeping your shirt sleeves from riding up during insertion.Very nice tags; just what I hoped for.these are really cute. the first pair I got were damaged though so I returned. these looks really nice but I do wonder if they are real. seems like too good of a deal? however, they look real so either way doesn't matter too muchHaven't put it through travel usage yet, but upon examination it looks and feels like it is exactly what I need. Will update after a trip or two.ordering in a size up.
Also not really red/purple - more like  pink. Think I am going to do a different color tooThe quality was good but the fit a lot smaller than expected.eyes and all other things on the face come off too easy, but overall very happy with is and fast shipping.Excellent!It is so beautiful I love it I wore this tie just hours after getting it.  I received compliments and it made for a great ice-breaker for other good men to ask about the organization.  I expect this to be replaced soon as I will be wearing it often with pride.For the price, these are good casual athletic shoes.  I bought them because a few of the reviews stated they had good arch support.  These are pretty stiff and not much support, more than my minimal styled shoes, but not as much as I was looking for.  I'm hoping they loosen and soften up a bit with more wear. I did order a 1/2 size larger so I may have room for an insert. I have to say the dark grey with blue and bright pink looks great!  That's why I'm giving it 4 stars, for the price & style, it is worth it.  However, for more support & comfort I'll stick with the Nike Dual Fusion line, those were like walking on a mattress the first time I put them on and very true to size for me.I love the high waist and cross front. It's a little low, so you need to wear a cami under it. I bought this In grey as well.Nice itemthe spots in between my fingers irritated my fingers and caused redness and pain.Hubby loves these jeans.  He's got 2 pair that he's worn almost out from wearing them to work, so now he's got 2 more.  haGood quality, I wore this to work and the girls just loved them. They all want a pair. GREAT BUYWorks okay. Made for women with smaller breasts. I'm a full C and it did do much lifting or hding for me. My sister is a B cup and they worked fine for her.The shirt was delivered fast and on time. Bought this as a father's day gift for our favorite grillfather  it is just as described fit perfect and material felt soft and of good quality.This bag is very handy when traveling, it is light weight and fits into the smaller compartments in the plane. I like it a lot.When I ordered a large, it came pretty quickly but was sized like an American Medium.  I contacted the seller and he sent me another shirt which was extra large and fit perfectly. (I wear a woman's 12) - (Large Chest) The vendor didn't want me send the other one back to China. (YAY!) And sent another quite quickly.  I am very pleased.  Note:The shirt is thin, and the sleeves are short even though it says Long sleeved!! They roll up a bit.  I like the gauzy feel and the styling. Just order at least a size bigger than you normally would.Seem just fine for a pair of shoesI bought this for my daughter for school swim. She really liked it.  Her only complaint was that it's kinda tight in the stitching around the thigh area.  She's a slim girl (size 7), but her thighs are on the thick side.I bought this ring for my girlfriend and she loves it. I was skeptical about the price being so cheap but people think it's a very high quality ring. Her dog ate the first one I got her and the dog crushed it easily I'm glad it was cheap to replace. The second ring was much lighter and brighter than the first ring so I think each ring depends, but the two I had were good.I love the look and it's very comfortable to have on.  I did contact the seller to notify them that is losses time over the week.  The responded back quickly and I have to send it in for repair.These do not fit like skinny jeans. They are loose and run a tad large. I have to wear a belt with them.Still waiting for colder weather for the real test, but super warm at 20FMy son described them as "sick" and "perfect". I guess that says it allLove this backpack!!!!  Works great and lots of storageThe color isn't as bright as pictured, more of a dark pink. The laptop compartment fits my 15" MacBook Pro with a case on it, although it is a little snug. It fits comfortably on the back and has lots of compartments for organizing! A great backpack!Great product.First time purchasing UGG's. I was more interested in warmth vs pretty - bulky but  Very warm...and comfortable as well - though I would have liked arch support.  I will break them In but I would have liked half size larger.  This size will work as I don't have to wear socks...I will wear footless tights or stockings.These are beautiful sandals. They were just too large for me. I had never purchased this brand and  so went by other reviews. I usually wear a 7.5 so since it was not available, I got an 8. Thus, too big. The back strap had to be folded over so far it would not hold. I should have ordered down a size. Now those are sold out. I have since gotten a different sandal in a 7 and it fits fine. I hope this information helps someone.exactly as described, nice sizeI have purchased and worn Dansko clogs for years...I love this style! Comfortable and compliment multiple casual and professional clothing choices. Used my first pair (bought in late 90's) for 10 years! The next 2 pairs that I bought, were as durable, and still wear them. As a Registered Nurse, my work schedule varies from 6-12 hours on my feet...consistently, coming back to Dansko clogs, after purchasing other styles (Nike, Sketchers, Asics) of footwear.I've been wearing them for a while now and I'm very pleased with them.  The lining in them make them comfortable to wear.  I use them on my property where I find myself shoveling snow, in rain, and when it is dry, in all conditions my feet are comfortable.Very nice conservative and powerful tye. Just what I was looking for.It is a wonderful wallet!!  I love the color.  I love the inside of the wallet, the dividers in it are very nice.I love the fabric and the feel. It absorbs moisture right away, length is perfect considering I'm only 4.10.
Fabric quality is excellent and this is my favorite color!  I am ordering another to give as a gift.This is a beautiful charm.  It looks really pretty hanging on a thin chain.  I got a few of them to give as gifts and was quite pleased - can't beat the price, even with the shipping.Little bit large. I think if the thickness is more, it will be perfect. I can see my toes through the black socks.I am not sure honestly if a Junior 7-9 is equivelent to my size (age 30) as i wear women's clothing. However i imagine its probably close as kids are expected to be smaller than adults and i wear a size 4 normally. I read other reviews that said this fit someone who was a size 4 so thats why i risked buying for myself. Looks amazing, had many compliments and doesn't look like cheap material at all. alot of costumes are made of a material that looks like you are either wearing a trash bag and this was pleasantly surprising. I did have to cut a little deeper V neck as it was way too high and suffocated my tatas. As far as the length it was perfect! i am 5'8 and wore heels and it still dragged in the back like it is shown and supposed to. was conservative enough to wear to work yet still shows off your lovely feminine figure. Hat was more of less a wire coat hanger around the outside to form the brim of the hat, but that is not a complaint, it gave it plenty of flexibility to curve the hat in places you wanted it, allowed for a really sexy slanted hat look covering dark witch makeup. loved the whole idea and will be wearing it again.I absolutely love it! It's perfect so far!!!My wife wanted an adjustable for travel so she could take just one with her. She is pleased, it looks good  and it seems like it will hold up well.Incredibly comfy! I love these slippers!!Product runs small, size up a full size. Great house shoes.If there would have been a choice of women's size medium they would fit me better.  The prints are beautiful, though, and the second one is of a wolf identical to the one I loved for 10 years until her passing.  She was a Wolf/Malamute/Border Collie mix from Maine.It fits perfect.great shoe, order half a size larger than usualbought this for my husband who bought his last wallet 13 years ago(it looked 100 years old).  The Tumi wallet is beautiful and is made with very nice leather. i was afraid my "rugged" husband would hate this wallet, but he loves it! Can't go wrong with Tumi.

Update - a year and a half later and the wallet is still in excellent condition considering my husband is a General Contractor and not very easy going with things.. he always has screws, nails, etc in his pockets.  Wallet is very sturdy although the wallet has scratches due to various items in his pockets - not anyones fault but my hubbys ;)I purchased this ring to signify my daughter. The pictures do it no justice. You won't believe your eyes! I wear it everyday and get compliments on it all the time!Beauriful dress!!!The product lives up to Its name they are great boots for the sportsman.  I own several differant pair, I just love them.  Why shop on line at differant sites when you can get more for your money on Amazon.  Great Price.What I expected.  I understand they need to broken in a little before they become very comfortable.  I also found that they were very slippery.Adorable, but size up!I really like the unique pattern!!It loook  gooodGood fit,  bra cups are larger than anticipated and fringe is shorter but it's sexyIt's nightware.Perfect. Quick service.My daughter loves themMy son is in the Air Force and was pleased with the fit and style.The shoes are comfortable, but just a tiny bit too wide even after adjusting the strap a bit. I may work with them a little more and see if they will feel better. I really like the shoes and will keep them. They look good!Love them.  i like the 5 lugs.  a little more stable feeling.  very cool shoes.  Nice and light and coolcute with great pocketsI am really happy about my new crocs they are confortable and light. They are just the size i wanted! Thanks!!My 4 year old was so excited to receive the boots.  He loved it and wears it everyday.  We ask him if it hurts his feet and he said no.  The rain boot is very comfortable.  I just wished you have different marvel characters.  But overall, my son loved his boots!Great shoes at a great priceI absolutely love these! They are very comfortable and look super cute on! Well made. I have had them for a few months now and they aren't coming apart like some of the other slippers I've owned.Very satisfied..I bought these for my 12 year old son.  I wore them first! Love them so does he.They run a little big, I think I should have bought a size eight but they fit great with thick socks. Very comfortable and cute.This corset is so much more than I expected. It was made very well, looks literally just like the picture, and fit great. The sizes are precise so when I got a 32, I had but give way. It fit exact which was perfect. It's not a short waist so it made a great masquerade top that looked like a dress when I put it over a mini tutu. I would buy from this company again. Hands down.Love it! Looks more expensive then what it was. Very nicely made. Very cute purse.So softAbsolutely loved it!gave this as a present to the Groom's mother at my daughter's bridal shower - she was thrilled!Very cute and fits wellExactly as advertised.  My son loves it.  Adult small works great for young teenager.  And love the Dr. Who phrase.I love this bag and have received several positive comments from others when using this bag.  Normally my "purses" don't generate comments.  I enjoy using this bag although it is a bit small. Wish it was a little bigger. The other bags from Disigual look like they are larger than I would like.  WIsh  they made something in-between. Would buy it in a minute if there was.They are reasonably comfortable and fairly warm (a good thing in a Maine winter)
They do come untied fairly easilyAwesomeI like this allot!  Just like my full size Dickies... but shorter.Very nice and comfortableLiked this ring alotarms are a little long, but we are girls ordering men's clothing...we like things big to cover our bubble butts in leggings. Large  for 5'3" 120 lb and 130 lb 5/4 daughter.... XL for 5'9" 180 lb daughter, not as warm as they look, but perfect for these girls, in and out of the basketball gym all the time.My son really likes this jacket.  It's very lightweight - like a medium weight Tshirt, which works great for layering.  He's very tall and slender, and the small fit him perfectly.  The arms were long enough for him, which doesn't always happen. Very pleased with the purchase.I thought I wouldn't be able to ever find these scrubs again after the local shop stop carrying them. They are comfy and fit great, especially in the back/butt region (no plumber's crack). Every time I buy new scrubs I always go back to these!I ordered a size bigger thinking that it would come in a size smaller, but the DRESS IS YOUR ACTUAL SIZE. It's very comfortable! I like that it is a stretchy material. I definitely love the v neck, it makes it look sexy! It's different but i like it. I just wish I got my size lol.I absolutely love Orthaheel sandals. They're always right on target with my size. I suffer with foot pain and these are wonderful.It is very hard to find a supportive bra for this size.  This fits greatI like it but only has a cover up, it was sheerI used the air pocket that came with the package shipping to stuff it inside to help fill it up and it worked well. I bought a wig cap to hold my hair in and give it more stability so it didn't move around. And I used two Bobby pins and it was perfect. (actually the wig cap was a black do rag at CVS which was almost the exact same thing but for a $1)These are well made, thick and soft. I wear them with my walking shoes and they help cushion my feet.

My only complaint about them is that the elastic band at the top is tight enough to make marks on my skin, and I have very slim legs and ankles. It is not drastically uncomfortable, but these socks would be better if that factor could be improved.Great price for this kind of quality, recommended!Beautiful vibrant colors, washed well, but a bit on the small side.Nice belt, never had a ratchet style but I actually like not having to confirm to set holes in the belt and can make it loose/snug as I need it. Has a heavy weight to the buckle which I like.good braThis costume is absolutely hilarious. I love it! Honestly, it's exactly what I wanted. It arrived a day earlier than expected, and in plenty of time for an insane Halloween party next week (i'm in college). I'm greek, with a decent athletic-ish physique (i'm a musician...definitely no body builder but I'm comfortable wearing this costume without any worries about looking like i don't belong in it...I'd say I'm comprable to the guy modeling the costume, if not a little better..something to consider if you're buying it...it's very revealing!) and I have a full beard so I instantly thought of being Leonidas for Halloween and this is prime choice for costume. As I tried it on today, it fit perfectly. I ordered a large even though according to the Amazon sizing chart I should've been a medium...that's thanks to a tip from another reviewer to order one size larger than you are. Definitely do that.
As I was trying it on piece by piece i couldn't help but just crack up...it's hilarious to put on the skirt and the wrist bands, and finally the cape.
As it is stated, it does not come with the sword & shield pictured, nor the sandals.
It is supposed to come with the Helmet I suppose...but mine did not!!! This is the one complaint I have and the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
Honestly I don't care much because I wasn't going to wear the mask anyway..gotta show off that beard to truly be Leonidas!
But it is a drag simply because I thought I was paying for it.
Another reviewer didn't receive the gold medallion that goes on the cape. I've got that but not the mask..it seems like this costume is very inconsistent in missing pieces. I'm just glad it's not missing any major clothing pieces (although I guess one might consider the helmet a major piece, i just don't for myself...)
Note...definitely get a sword. I had an unopened costume sword from back in high school when I bought it to use it in a film class. It works fine for this costume and is much better than the one pictured...glad this costume comes with a belt to go around the skirt (even though it has no real function as an actual belt) because I can stuff the sword in there instead of holding it all night.
Overall a great purchase, well worth the $30.

EDIT******
I found the "helmet" (wrapped up and under the box), let me just say that it is god aweful. Honestly a very ugly piece of plastic that looks nothing like in the photo and i threw out immediately. Therefore, my review stays a 4/5 regardless that the product came with everything.Shoes fit good received them fastsNothing wrong with sizing or look of shoe. My son just doesnt like any shoe that touches the tops of his toes or feet. He lives in uggs or barefoot most of the time. Elastic area is normal but even with laces its not bulky vertically. For normal child they would be perfect. Since I went past the return window I will give away to child in need. Btw. Very durable and they are truly authentic and a cool looking skater shoe. Packaging all original and box intact.The hat is a little flimsy and the coat is made of cheaper quality material, but the costume did its job for my son's project.  Didn't come with beard, had to purchase that separate.My daughter absolutely loves owls.  She loves this and was very happy with the length of the chain.  So glad I found it.beautiful shoes all though i lost 2 spikes in the first hours i had them but still very comfy for being high heels c:Love love love.Dearta worked with me to make sure all was perfect! Thank you! Outstanding Customer Service!This is a bit large, but it looked good being loose.  I loved this sweater over t-shirts or tanks.  It did wear thin pretty quickly, but that is to be expected for the price.The shipping was fast and they all came individually wrapped.  They fit and look great! Will be great gifts!Love love love these pants I have 4 pair. Calvin Klein do not stop making these pants, I wear them to,work, as we have to wear all black. Was and put in the dryer for 3 or min to get the wrinkles out then hang over a chair to dry. I just wish they weren't so expensive. I used to buy them from The Bay on line but they don't carry them any more Great flip flops, third pairExactly what it looks like.  Super cute.  Not to big. Not to small.  Thats all i have to say but amazon requires more words.very comfortable..i used as underpants in the coldI read the reviews and ordered a lil bigger than normal just to make sure it was correct.  It does run small so a 6 is really like a 5I really like the show have to keep them cleanbeautifulVery pretty dress. Ordered L, after having problem with similar dress from different seller. Could easily fit in M, very stretchable material, nice  shape. Looks pretty with petticoat.Great shirt...It fits like a fitted shirt...not a lot of extra around the waist.Fits perfect for my 14 year old. Super soft!Good shirtBoyfriend LOVED IT and wears it all the time, he is 6'4" and I got him the 2XL because he has long limbs and it was PERFECTlove these briefsNice shoes comfortableThe description says long but these are ankle length on me. I'm 5'10". Very soft, warm, and cute.Stunning, simply stunning! I'm delighted! 'Nuf said!It was way too tight in the bust, so I gave it to a friend.Love these shoes. Asics fit me perfect always.The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars is because the instructions came very poorly translated and aren't very helpful. The product overall is nice for the cost, though.The slippers are nice and warm and are comfortable. But I take a size 11 and these are 11 and are a little to long barefoot. If I ware socks they seem to be fine. I think a 10.5 would have been to small. Besides that, they are very well made and I think they will have a long life span.statement piece for less than ten dollars. i get compliments on it and the matching wring. I'm female, its male jewelry but so flashy i can get away with it. been asked dozen of times how much it cost and is it silver. no its steel and costs much less than silver. steel is the new silver. doesn't tarnish even in shower. i save the set for temple.Not the best quality. Lots of fraying, but it gets the job done.I absolutely love the sandals! They are perfect!!!  They have great arch support, and they fit like they were made for me!  I wear between a nine and a 9 1/2, and my feet a little wide but I don't usually need to buy a wide width shoe. The 9.5 fit perfectly!Based on what I had ready in a few other reviews, I ordered two sizes up (I'm normally a small, 32B, 120 lbs) and purchased a Large, however it was way too big even for a sleep shirt. I should have purchased a Medium. Otherwise, it was extremely soft material and seemed like it would be very comfy, just didn't look too flattering on me so I returned it.I bought the XL- normally I'm a plus, but in this I can wear the XL- so I bought all the colors!  I LOVE this, and not just for a pj top.  It's so think it makes a great layering top for summer.  or a tank under sweaters.  It's just superbly comfortable.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.  I'm a 42C- and tall (5'9") and it fits fantastic in the XL.Hubby loves this necklace, wears it everyday!Perfect for a 50's Christmas party.  Will be wearing this under a poodle skirt.Love itvery goodI love them, fit well, nice color, comfy.great shoes and fit as expected.We are use to these type of shorts coming to the knee, they were an inch above. It will work because my son wears them under his gi, but looks kinda funny otherwise.Love the design although the fit is tighter, with less fabric elasticity then I expected.like the shirt.Husband loves them!I love the fit of these jeans.  I have muscular thighs and calves and need the extra room in the hips and thighs these jeans provide.  Normally when I find pants to fit my thighs they are too loose in the waist.  I don't have this problem with these.  They fit in the waist and give me enough room in the thighs.  They work great for me!cool to wear even in warmer areas.I have worn this watch for years. I replace the band each time I get a new one. It is extremely useful for what I do around the house. Timing the cooking, waking me up in the morning, and medication reminders. I hope they never discontinue this model, because I love it.These are cute and appear to be durable. I needed some activity shoes that didn't make me look like a dork.I love these for the price point. You won't catch me dead spending $60 on baby moccs. That being said, you get what you pay for. I bought these expecting them to be abnormally large and for the tassels to fall off. The tassels are poorly constructed so keep your expectations low, they can be hand sewn or put back in place with a dab of hot glue and I'm more than sure it would be fine. I simply cut them off. The overall shoe looks great, fits great. My daughter is 7 almost 8 months old fitting perfect with slight room to grow in the 0-6 month size. I bought several styles of this shoe, happy with all of them.Cute boots. Scuffed up a week in but that's pretty typical.They fit comfortably but then again I ordered an 11 when I usually wear a 10. I wanted them to be comfortable for all day at work wearing.perfect for cosplay and really soft and warm. I love it.I bought these for a trip abroad and I think they will be great.  I am already wearing them at home.  They are so  light and comfortable it is like being bare feet except I can go outside if I need.  They are very breathable and will be a snap to pack. I don't like slippers because they are too warm on my feet.  Not so with these.  I was pleasantly surprised when I opened the package.  The quality was better than I expected.It is a beautiful piece, i will definitely buy more from the seller later in the future. the reason for the 4 stars is because it a small ring size, about the size of my ring finger, and it needs some breaking in until its able to bend with your finger completely, but other than that, it is one hell of a beautiful pieceVery nice , keep it upI love this! the only issue was it's a tad long for my ear, but i do have small ears. I switched out the bar for one my piercer gave me and the ends screwed right on! Really beautifulPerfect wig if you are looking to do a frisk cosplay, you just have to style and cut a little bit! :)A little too bigI'd have given these five stars, but the sizing was a little tight. In fact, I keep the hooks undone in order to stay comfortable, and rely on my belt to keep them up.

Otherwise, they're exactly what you'd expect from a pair of dickies. Comfortable, well made, and professional looking.super cute and well madegoodjust as a sweatshirt should be, comfy and loose...I bought these shoes because I love my previous new balance shoes. It was a tight fit at first, but give it a fews miles and it is comfortable. I will most likely buy this again next year or whenever they wear out.Very comfortable, love it!I love the design and the craftsmanship is good with one exception, the handles are made of faux leather and slip off my shoulder too easily.I have only tried one pair, but the fit was fine, and they did not roll down as has been my experience with some trouser socks.  I am satisfied with them, and the color was what I was looking for.Fast delivery good for the money .  I added my own blingI could give 5 starts but I did not like the quality on fabric, but still looks strong enough for a preschooler.Nice feel and fit. I like the internal pockets.I have worn Keds since I was a kid.  They are very comfortable and I love all the great designs now available.I like can't wait to wear on the beachthanksHe loves these shoes. He has orthotics and these are perfect for them.Very nice detailing. Exceptional quality for the price. Bib is nice without being cumbersome. No cold weather in Michigan yet to try insert out.I would recommend this one. adjustable wrist band size, light weight and durable. the only problem: there is a way of water to get straight to the display screen. i would recommend the toopoot ultrathin if you aren't planning on having your wrist grow any more. its more durable.Nice leather. Great fitting jackets. I love the pockets on the inside of the coat.loved the design.
it did have a snag, payed alot of money to only be able to wear once.Clarks desert boots are the most comfortable shoes you could ever own.
A little pricey....fugggedabout it,worth every penny,especially the crepe soles,the only way to go.The bracelets that I ordered for my two sisters and I are as expected, but I am disappointed to see that they are once again available on the Disney Store web site for about $10 less than what I paid to Theme Park Collectibles.  I thought that they were a limited release, and would not be offered again by the Disney Store.  The purchase was somewhat of a splurge for me, as something special to remember our Dad on the one year anniversary of his passing.  He loved the Magic Kingdom, and took us there for the first time in 1972.Very satisfied with these shoes.  They are perfect for summer, true to size, and very comfortable (and I have very high standards for comfort!)very niceso comfy and easy to wear, not too short in frontI love the necklace. It is beautiful! But I ordered "coral" and what came to me is a bright pumpkin orange. Which is still pretty, I guess. I don't know if they sent me orange on accident, or if this is what they think coral looks like. Either way, I'll keep it and have an excuse to buy an outfit in orange. But I still have to find a necklace that is actually coral.I ordered these because the price was too good to pass up. They are a VERY narrow fit in the bridge. After wearing them for a few weeks they've worn in well & are comfortable now. I've since ordered a pair of Rosheruns and definietly prefer those. The Rosheruns are a better shoe in my opinion. They fit great right out of the box and are comfortable. These took work to break in.The process was a bit tedious to send to my residence, but everything worked out in the end.Best steel toe shoes I have ever had. Well worth the money.Got these for my husband...He says they are a comfortable fit and he likes the look of the shoe.They look and fit great!Very comfortable, light in weight, and looks good for everyday use. Wish the bottoms were made with vibram soles like before.Super cute!!! They get pretty lose around the ankles but I don't care. I can tie them if I want. They are slippery on some hard surfaces especially in public. But they are so cute and comfy. Love having these for my weather boots.Excellent shoe.  Great for use with orthotics. Very light and supportive.  I liked better than famous rockport walking shoe.  More room for orthoticwe liked itcute - hoping the uy fit my granddaughter - will get more if they are good for other granddaughter - she will surely want some!Not sure how I feel about the stitching down the middle front of the sweater.  It is lightweight and fits nicely.  Get a lot of compliments.  The stitching down the front isn't so badBoys love itI feel they run a little tight. I bought these for work but the belt loops do not allow for a two inch belt. Zipper pull is very small. Otherwise a well made product that should last a long time.love the color. will buy another blouse.These are beautiful and classy, Unfortunately I had to return them they are at least one full size too large.I likeNice selection. Fast delivery. There were a few that look cheap,  but for the price, these are still a good buy.fits great on my granddaughters head  she looks greatI needed a simple box chain for a pendent I had and it fits the bill.  I will purchase from you again .  Thank you.Great boot, It was a little hard to get on but comfortable once I got my feet in it.I'm a first time buyer and I'm pleased to say this product met expectationsA little snug for the first week but I will continue to purchase this shoe!! This is my 3rd time purchasing and I have other colors as well!!Love these.Brooks shoes are quality and comfort in one!Was gorgeous, prettier then I expected. But, was a little small. I ordered xlarge (! 18/20) even though I wear a 16normally, because most reviews said it was a small cut. I am very large chested, and if the measurements that are on the back of the costumes packaging had been available to me on line,  I would have ordered a 2x, and had my seamstress take in the waist. Overall though, very happy though.When they say "assorted colors", I have just learned they mean that the colros are not necessarily what is pictured here. I thought I was ordering the black and grays shown in the picture here -- after all, there is a separate Hanes Men's 5-Pack that has more colorful boxer briefs. I was wrong. They feel good though, which is what countsPerfect fit.My grand daughter likes it.They're underwear and they fit. That's all I need to sayThese are very nice, He loves the comfort, fit and says they have great support and feel like he is wearing nothing.  I love the way they look.Exelent boots for meThese shoes are comfortable and practical. They look pretty good too.The dress is beautiful!  I had to reorder in a bigger size.  Definitely a hand wash item!  Cant wait to wear it to the party!  I will also wear it on other special occasions!Good watch band.  I bought this hoping it would not cause skin irritation.  There has been no irritation and has been very durable.

Pros
Flexible, easy to put on
Durable
Good clasp

Cons
Not as stylish as I hoped but it is okay

I will buy this again.Looked nice on the hubby - more like a muscle shirt than tank in my book.Love them. Fit well, flatters my figure, perfect length, and enough of a flare to go over my shoes. No front pockets is a little weird, but it actually doesn't bother me since I have to wear an apron (with pockets!) at work anyway. They're a lint magnet, but most Dickies are until you wash the new out of them.The stitching on the back of the boots are poorly done. I have to take them to a repair place to fix them. Other than that I love them.love itVery confortablebought 2 of these 1 med and 1 large because we were unsure on sizing,  wife is 5'1 and about 115 lbs.  a little top heavy 34C/D  and the med top was too small even tho it said her size, her butt is a little less then models shown, she is a 4-5 and it was snug in the med,  the large however fit just right,  so we sent med back for exchange,  colours are awesome, very sexy !!!!Very fitted very pretty! If you want a tight fitting shirt get your size if you want a more taylored fit go up a size. The lace on this shirt is gorgeous!!Like it a lot so far. I have only used it for a month, but it meets my expectations. Lots of pockets. I lust wish the water bottle pocket was bigger.Wish I had bought the 36 seems a little short but that's because my waist line has gotten bigger over the years but I refuse to accept that (-:It is good but not comfortable! I feel that I wear plastic shoes Very cute and looks nice with a suit jacketThey glow as promised, but unfortunately the lions faded off pretty quickly. Kind of disappointed.Very happy. Quality is great!This is a great suit. I gave it 4 stars because I was under the impression it had some lift in the breast area and it doesn't. It has a stretchy band under the breast area to hold the girls in place, but like I said, no lift. I wish for the price this wasn't an issue. Though, this was easily fixed with some inserts.. It definitely sucks the torso in comfortably and nicely. I would recommend to a friend. Overall great suit.I love this ring. It fits true to size and it's perfect.Perfect toddler shoes--light and easy to washLove these shoes SO much. Found them in a 2nd handshop originally, and just re-bought some from Amazon that I was excited to find. Have worn the living hell out of them... bought them about a year ago and they've seen desert backpacking trips and nearly 300 days of heavy use... for $20 pair of sandals that are comfortable and fit to your feet, AWESOME. After a year of hard wear you will probably have to replace, but no complaints because they are so great. Awesome hiking shoes for light summery weather. Even wear these in winter with toe socks sometimes. Here's a picture of the same exact shoe after I'd worn it through so many hiking trips!Returned it for exchange to XL but got nothing backA bit small, but still adorable. The arms especially were quite snug. I have small children (all 3 boys, ages 10, 9, & 2, are always a size or two down from their age in clothes). Too bad it didn't fit for long. Quality wise it was perfectly fine. Just order a bigger size and it'll be perfect.Wear large typically. XL fits perfect.Perfect for my 6 foot 13 year old.I am using this for my Halloween costume.  It is easy, soft, and warm.
There was a sticker on the ear that was extremely difficult to remove and left a residue.
Overall, I would recommend.  After all, who doesn't love Pusheen?I got this out fit for my grand daughter who turned 2 yesterday. The outfit fit her perfect! The shirt is long and looks like a cute frilly tu tu at the bottom. Very Pleased. Thank you!This is a very nice bracelet - nicer even than I expected. I am giving it to my friend Vic who has cancer. Please pray for her.I am in a 2 hour salsa class, so I had to give up on the idea of wearing heels. These spin OK, although not quite as well as leather soles. For the price, I think they are perfect.the charm is very pretty. I am not sure though if it is real silver. I could not locate a stamp, but for the price I, even if it isn't I am satisfied with the purchaseDon't wear them on the pavement, other than that they are great.  I use them for mud runs.I'm 5'6" with a slender/athletic build. The pants are just long enough, at least before washing them. They fit a little funny in the crotch area if I try and have them sit lower on my hips. Overall I like the way they feel and look. They are also a tad small, but will still fit.While these shoes are attractive and I really do like them-I was struggling to get them on with the special lace up and almost cut it off to switch to regular laces. I find I have to wear silky socks to get these on and this leaves my feet aching at the end of my shift walking around all day because of the less cushioning. To be fair my one foot has had alot of surgery so it needs extra cushioning anyway. I was sad there was no invoice in the box to provide  care instructions!!For $150.00 I want to take pristine care of these for maximum length of wear.the shirt stands out in a crowd. people are very complimentary . the color scheme and the images are very attractive, and the quality and fit are truly emitting a patriotic theme.  ED KRUKThe original one I ordered was too small. I got so confused with the measurements. The drop down is the one to follow. I'm 5"3 140lbs and had to get the XL! It's still a little snug but I'm in the process of dropping a few lbs. it's super cute though.Good fit and immediately comfortable.  The top has very good breathability so it should be nice during the summer, but a bit cool in cold weather.My son loves his new hikers, which finally replaced his old pair (almost identical) that are about 8 years old, extremely worn and sad. His originals endured severe winters and lots of hiking in the mountains. We hope these live up to their legacy!Need something for the house and my heels, these work just great. They have the softness needed plus if I need to run outside, they have the plastic on the bottom so they don't get wet.Very happy with the service & quality of my shirts and embroidery. The only thing I would change is larger packs maybe a 10 pack or 25 pack deal would be great for small businesses like me that don't have time to go shopping or have a big budget.Awesome very nice, cool and comfortable a good deal, love it, EveNice but I didn't realize it would be as thick due to the zipped coin comparment.NICE FIT AND THEY WERE VERY COMFORTABLE, THEY LOOKED REALLY NICE ON TOO..ALSO I THOUGHT THEY WERE AFFORDABLE SO TRY THEMI ordered a size 5. The fit is perfect for my 4.5 year old daughter. The red color is a little darker than pictured. Can't wait for her to wear it.Love this necklace and get compliments on it every time I wear it!!!Take one size up , but confortable , good looking
Look like sam edelman feliciaThe heel is gray, and is the perfect height. The toe is "aluminum foil" silver. It's cute though, a lil' different.Super hot heels.  A bit hard to walk around in them, I almost fell a couple times.  But still really like them.  Boy are they sexy!Love them! I'm 5'7", 130lbs & I got the size 5/27. Fit like a dream...enough stretch to be super comfortable & not give off the dreaded muffin top, but still look fitted & they keep their shape throughout the day. Best part is the entire cuff is sewn flush to the shorts, so the cuff will never come out of the wash unfolded & misshapen. Highly recommend!very cute, but the fit is a bit wideI've been wearing wool socks all winter and needed some lighter ones for spring. I have arthritis in my legs and back and these cushion my feet very well. They seem to be all that their label describes. I bought only two pairs to try them out, but now am planning to get several more. They may keep your feet a bit too warm in summer though. I am anxious to see how well they wear.Got this one to replace a stained older one. Cool, light, adjustable, comfortable on my large head. Very pleased. Wished it was cheaper!I'm 5'7" and 120 pounds, this first pretty well but I have to lace it up so much in the back to get it tight that it makes a weird wrinkle around the middle. Very comfortable though.I love this watch. I purchased it for my fianc. He absolutely adores it. Great watch for the price. Invicta watches ROCK. I usually will purchase from Shophq when they advertise Invicta men/women watches, but this was steal for a awesome product.Very cute but just a tad smaller than I'd hoped forNice!The leather is seriously so beautiful - rich brown with attractive burnishing near the toes, which looks natural and stylish. As other reviews have mentioned, the zipper is on the outside of your leg, instead of the usual inside placement, but the simple golden zipper is basically the boot's only adornment so I think it works. Just takes some getting used to when putting on/taking off. With skinny jeans tucked in, the shaft was manageably snug on my calves (15.5") as I am used to boots being pretty tight on my larger than average calves. However, I think they would be perfect for slightly smaller calves. For reference, I bought the 9.5 M. The width and length of the fit on my foot was comfortable too.

I held onto these for a month as I tried picking the perfect pair (bought & returned 6 or so pairs on Amazon) and I had a really hard time returning them as they really are beautiful, well-made boots. However, they were just a little too simple for me and gave me the impression of a casual boot that could almost serve as a work boot or man's boot, just because it had so little adornment. Since I'm wanting to wear these to my office job, I decided to go with a style that had a buckle or two and was a bit dressier. However, I still think about these boots, so if I don't find the "perfect" pair, I still might come back to these...I've worn ECCO Yucatan sandals for years and think they're fantastic.  However, ECCO seems to cut corners on quality with each new pair.I really like these boots. Somewhat narrow if you have wider feet like I do. They will look great with steam punk costume and regular every day. I like clothing that is versatile like that.Love these. Love, love, love these.Very comfortable, seem to be of good quality. 47" laces are too small though. Had to get longer ones in order to tie them properly.I'm a police officer and this is a great item. I pray before the start of my tour and at the end of my tour every time. I like having this chain around my neck. The only thing is that this can have better art work done but other than that great item.Ring was delivered in quickly and came in a nice little box.  It is very cute and wearable.  I wish it sparkled more than it does as the picture suggests.  But all in all, I would consider it good quality, unique and pretty.Nice to have a pair of socks that fit.  Hard to find in brick and mortar stores.Beautiful dress, but was somewhat large. bought the same style in white, same size, but it fit much better, so I returned the nude one.This dress is nice. I ordered a large which fit perfectly. The material does look cheap and thin but its still a nice dress.Good shoe.I really like this purse. It is a beautiful color and well constructed. My only complaint is that I wish it had more pockets to separate my stuff instead of one big central compartment.Very confortable, looks greatI bought these for my son, our experience is that Durango runs a half a size larger than what they say and the same was true for these boots.  He wore them for a few hours on a really cool wet day and when he was done with them I wore them as I forgot my boots.  My feet were warm and dry all night.These are our go-to pajamas for our toddler. Very cute, soft and its nice to know that these are laced in toxic additions like non-organic children's pajamas. We order a size up to accommodate for toddler belly. :)Very sparkly, and appear more reddish orange than the photo provided with the listing. Each created sapphire is 5/16" square. Each earring is 7/16" square. The silver design around the sapphire appears to have tiny sets but in reality is a design in the surface of the metal. The thickness of each earring is " with the bulk of the side view being the 18k gold plated sterling. The gold plated sides are quite intricate with a filigree design. They attach with the 18k gold plated Sterling silver loop that inserts into the pierced ear lobe and a lever spring clasp to make sure it is not lost accidentally. Dangle length from the top of the loop to the bottom of the gold/silver/gem design is one full inch.

We did notice the sapphire tends to appear more reddish in lesser light. It arrived in a 3.5"x2.5"x1.5" black cardboard box. These are lab created sapphires, not natural sapphires. Man-made sapphires allow for a wider range of color. But of course synthetic sapphires, being readily reproducible, do not have as high a monetary value as the natural sapphires.
They look fantastic. And orange is IN.A bit smaller than expected!Great shirt for price.  Good material and washes well.Nice Cross. Larger than I thought it would be. Also you should know that the cross has some kind of white enamel on it. It's not completely sterling silver. Very nice nonetheless.Size fit as expected. Fun sweater for any ugly Christmas party.Purple ain't my color, but this ring looks really nice.As pictured but shirts run a little small.I have bought Wave Rider series since Wave Rider 17. This is the 4th shoes as this series. This series never gives me a disappointment.These are a great pair of shoes! I have a normal width foot & had lots of room in the toe box. Worked great on trails with lots of loose rocks & tree roots. My ankles usually hurt by the end of a run but not this time! I did 2.5mi & would have kept going but my pups were tired. Looking forward to my next run. Took 1 star off because they did hurt my feet running on pavement. I was hoping they would have been a little more versatile but Im not overly disappointed since I don't tend to run on pavement and trails on the same day. I just wanted to see how they would do.Great product great price!The coin purse was exactly what I expected and desired. Not disappointed in the least. Only wish it was available in other colors besides just red.Very nice looking and extremely comfy for sleeping.I bought this to replace a gold ring given to me 20 years ago and foolishly lost. This is a wonderful replacement. Well worth the price.Good deal!!!GreatVery good adhesive quality! Not exactly sure how to wash it but a little water and soap does the trick for me. The edges of the adhesive are starting to fray and not stick quite as well, but I've worn it several times over the past six months and it does the job well! I'm a 34B and purchased a size Small; fit was comfortable and there was a nice boost to my cleavage.These shoes are true to size, but the picture is a bit deceptive as it is not black and yellow, but brown and yellow. So that means you can't wear it with most things. Apart from that it's fine.Please perfect fit. Great quality psnds live the fold iver waistcomfortable and good quality. I got them as a Christmas gift for him. the tartan patterns are very nice. ThanksI must wear with socks, otherwise they are too large.  Over time I presume they will expand with wear. They are extremely comfortable.Great product Will purchase again!Very nice qualityGood boots, well made, look good. I have one issue that I am hoping it will go away. The left foot only feels tight, the length is good but feels tight, since it is real leather I am hoping it will loosen up. The right foot is perfect. I thought it is me, but I do not have this problem with any other boot/shoe; thinking of Frye Smith Engineer boot possibly in a few month.My wife is a eight and a half. Ordered a nine, need a ten.This is my go-to pair of choice. While it's not as robust as I would like, it's comfortable to wear and easy enough to move around in. (It's not 100% cotton; it's got 1% elastane to give you a little stretch, which is nice to have especially on the knee area.)

But again, it's not very thick. They'll tear up sooner than you'd like your jeans to tear up. The embroidering on the back pockets may tear--hell, stitching on mine is already looser than I would like. Now, given the vast difference in jeans' prices (from $20 Target special to $200 designer jeans) is this good for a $40-50 pair? I don't know. But I like its design--it doesn't look or feel cheap--and that somewhat offsets the subpar durability. It'll do.

Funny thing about these jeans, though... every time I buy it, it's from a different country. Hmm.chidotaGift for someone else.  Feedback good. He hasn't worn them yet but tried them on to check.  Usually I have to hem 30 inch inseam to 29 inches, but these were not too long so I would say this style is good for him.  ThanksI have difficulty finding comfortable shoes because of a bunion, but can wear these all day.  Usually wear size 7 1/2, but ordered a size 7 after reading reviews and they fit perfectly.Just rightThese are comfy and rugged boots. Having waterproof boots in New England for fall, winter and spring is great. These are comfortable to work in and where out and about on the wet/snowy days out here.I wish this shirt came in a 19in neck size its a good looking shirt but for me it fits a bit snug across the shoulders and chest.  Finding clothes to fit a short(5ft8in) muscular build is difficult.  I would definitely order this shirt again if it came in a larger neck size.I purchased these shoes for an upcoming wedding and have only tried them on but haven't worn them yet, so I cannot comment on how comfortable they might be or how much support they might give.  I purchased them because I will be on my feet for hours.  They do tend to slip off my heel a little, so I will have to get come sort of inserts to keep them in place, but I think they will be okay.  I'm not used to wearing heels, so it is hard for me to find something that is comfortable.I got a lot of compliments about this dress.  I did wear some spanky shorts underneath because it was a little shorter than I expected.  For the price, great little summer dress for a backyard birthday celebrationGot this as a gift. Looked so expensive!Good quality shirt. Kinda big though. Probably so you can move easier when you work.I love it. Beautifully made. It is too small for me so I gave it to my 11 year old son. He loves it.Decent everyday socks.Idk which is better Chin Chin or Pink GuyKnowing it was China sizing I ordered an XXL for my bother who wears a US XL t-shirt. The sizing chart said a China XXL was equivalent to a US XL. It fits but snug.worked for my costumeGreat pair of running shoes, waited for a while to get it on sale,These are good and comfy. Great for walking around or light jogging.I am hard on sunglasses and have a tenancy to break or scratch them badly so I do not like to spend a lot of money on my shades.  I have been purchasing another brand until they changed and the lenses were too dark for my liking.  After trying several others I eventually found these and I couldn't be happier with them especially for the price.  You are lucky to get a single pair for $13 at a major retailer but here you get 3 for that price.  For me this works out great so I can always have a fresh set ready for when I inevitability damage or lose them.  They are not flimsy like others in the same price range and block the sun well from my very sun sensitive eyes.  I will be purchasing againI wear a 10 in every shoe I've worn as an adult. These were slightly large. That said they are really very comfortable. I'm used to having a break in period for my work boots, these have been great right out of the box.My favorite flip-flops. Stand up slip on, sturdy soles, comfortable.Good quality, fit nicely and my daughter love themthese are pretty cute.Comfortable. Lovely.Bought this for a birthday boy, along with some other Ninja Turtles fun.  He loves it, age four.Relieve foot painGreat bag with excellent security features. I love that it is so low profile I can hide it under my fitted top! Excellent seller!These did not match the preview image-- I was going for a plain white all around color, but I received a color that was white on the bottom and a cream vanilla color on the top. It does look good in a two-tone, it's just not what I was shown I would get. They look great otherwise.
They fit comfortably, but not that snugly. I don't worry that they'll fall off when I wear them, but they kinda clunk around the outside of my feet. I suppose I could just severely tighten up the laces through the top holes until I figure that out, but it's not too big of a deal.I swear by Born/BOC. I was able to walk around all day with out any slips or my feet hurting. If you are looking for a cute sandle with a slight heal that won't wear your feet out, this show is for you!Thank God we ordered these a size bigger than what our girls wore cause they fit perfectly. They are Absolutely Adorable!!!  Very Happy with them!It's so light and roomy,it holds tons of stuff and still weigh under 50 lbs.nice shirtThe chub suit was a hit!  It was easy to pack, easy to put on, easy to take off... and easy to clean too!

I bought a pair of purple Converse high-tops to go with the costume and the colors matched pretty well  (The shoes were more expensive than the costume itself.)

Room for improvement:  Gloves and socks could be longer, plastic fan contraption should color coordinate with costume.So cute and comfortable!I'm really pleased with this dance belt. I had two others from this same company, but they just didn't seem to fit as well. This one provides the right look without the usual discomfort. I will be ordering more.

As an update, after wearing this a few times, I had problems withe stitching at the hip.  It seemed when it was made, the sewing machine over stitched this area making a raised area.  After wearing this for a gig for 8 hours it became very uncomfortable, red, irritated, and left a long lasting mark on my hip.  I was disappointed at first because I liked everything else about it.  So the next time I wore it, I turned it inside out and it worked perfect.  So anyone else having this problem, just remove the labels and wear inside out and all is good.I'm curvy and the obi wrinkles quick. Yetthe  material was wonderful and it looked wonderful with yukata.Nice and classy. Not silkVery tight a the start, but got better over time. Took a few days, maybe a week to stretch. Fits snug now. Overall very good buy and pleased with the end result.Love, love this shawl. Would order again!!The dress is really cute and I am happy I purchased it on sale. The material doesn't feel as soft as you would expect, but maybe after a couple of washings it will soften up. It is also thinner than I expected.This was a great choice for Halloween.  I bought a 10-12 based on other reviewer's comments about the sizing running small, and I really should have just bought a 7-8, which is what my daughter actually wears.  We had to pin the costume in the back to get the sleek "cat woman" look, which was very important to her.  The mask is probably the best component of the whole costume - it allows for very fun catwoman eye shadow for 9 year olds who don't normally get to wear make-up!This was a great heavyweight duffle bag.  The one complaint I have is that the strap to carry it is held in by inadequate plastic. In other words with any kind of weight in the bag the strap comes completely off.  My husband needed to use it and so he taped the plastic and the strap in place with duct tape to hold it.  I like the bag, just not the strap for carrying it.  I wouldn't let it stop me from purchasing another given the price and the quality of the bag itself.  The bag was delivered on time and as expected.I like it and it fit "ok" but ran a little small in size.I wear these sunglasses everywhere! Only problem is, they're loose. I can't keep them on top of my head without falling down, and I'm always pushing them up my nose... Other than that, I really like the look of these glasses.I ordered this because I wanted something like this for a while now I was surprised to see that it actually fits on me. I am only giving it 4 stars because the zipper feels very cheap as if it can break at anytime but I love it regardless!Easy wash and wear. Great fir any activity.I should have ordered a larger sizebut I can get into this.Very cute, extremely light for the size due to the acrylic. I really love shield style earring and these go with everything.Nice shoesTHANKSI love it! It was durable enough to withstand my multiple flights from LA to Chicago to NY to Singapore, as compared to my other luggage.This product was excellent, is made of good material and are very comfortable, it is just what I needed, thanksVery pretty blue and not cheap looking.What I expectedgreat!Shirts fit well. High visibility tee shirts are required on all job site now. Working in the Georgia heat the last thing you want is a vest on top of your shirt, creating another layer of clothes. The material is very breathable and it wicks up the sweat making you cooler.Nice will do business againI adore this shirt and wish it came in purple! I love how the red looks on me though.Good quality shirtsI did not expect what I received the Men's 15261 "I-Force watch. It was a fantastic watch. I urge anyone who's had a DISAPOINTIN watch purchase, not to miss buying this INVICTA Men's watch. Surprise yourself..Loved this shoe but the strap across the toes is pretty snugGreat product. As described.SR lives up to its brand with these. I've been disappointed by other brands and find myself full circle--back to SR. Casual, cute, and perfect for growing feet. I got the wide since my guy's feet are chunky. I wish they were as Brown as in the pic. These are brownish, grey. Closer to pewter.This same material/fabric/style was offered years back, and named "Tech Active...something, whatever". Now it's back with an upgraded waistband. Comfort, sizing, fit are all top notch. Calvin Klein does it right. A+.Nice shirtcolor and quality are good.  printing doesn't look like cheap silk screen.  I ordered a mens XL (I'm 6'2" and 200 lbs and usually wear an XL).  I'm SWIMMING in this.  I literally had to check the tag to make sure it wasn't a 3XL....Perfectworks great for the wife's purple 9mmFit as expected. Keeps feet warm and dry.
But the tread on the bottom are not good for working on slippery floors in a cold cutting room.I get great complimants about the looks of the watch. the only problem was that the battery was old when it arrived and i had to take it to new one placed.My mother really liked them.Good wallet with plenty of space for cards and licenses etc. Well constructed too. Bought as a gift but both of the persons I bought it for really like their wallets.Amazing fit--no slipping down from the heel.Used for multiple kids on multiple occasions! Holding up very nicely over the last 4 years!Perfect! Just what I was looking for! Came on time!These work better than expected! I love them! I have quite a few knee high boots and keeping them looking nice in my closet was hard. not anymore. now they stand up straight and keep my closet looking tidy. Plus, they help keep my boots from getting creases. Will definitely order more!Great boots. A little but redder than expected but great boots stillYes this shirt simply makes a a military fashion statement! It's matches just perfect with my military olive drab pants. The material is excellent and will keep me cool during the hot summer months here in Virginia. I will order the black multi print guns shirt to go with my olive drab pants. Go military look!Great boots so far. But the shoe laces get wore really fast. Went through two pairs in 2 months.Fit just as I imagined!Great watch, big numbers, easy to use, bright back light. It does however stain easily and the moving buckle that you tuck the tab into (not sure what it is called) is a different color white and this bothers me a great deal. Overall happy with this stylish new addition!The dress is beautiful.  We just had to wait extra long for shipping and it wasn't in time for our plansPerhaps since my mastectomy needed a bigger size since I'm. SwollenLove it already! Right as it came out of that shiny little box it is the greatest thing! Its light though but still very shiny! Thanks!!I love this watch. It's look perfect on the wrist despite the large size. Has nice,clean and attractive design. Only the strap doesn't look appropriate on this watch. I replaced the strap and this is the reason why it deserve four stars instead five on my review.
Sandy25Beautiful but to big for meI use these as pajama bottoms and I love that the bottoms stay put! The color is pretty too. Glad I got them.Awesome glasses for $25. The frame looks a little cheap but it was great overallseems like real leather...The trouble with this wallet is that it gets dirty very easily....  The packing box is very beautifulThey are a bit tight across bridge of foot but are so beautiful I will chance a tad of discomfort.  I have a stapless dress that these will compliment perfectly for next dressy occassion. As I can't wear heels these are the perfect substitute.Got this watch as a 'bonus' from one of my credit card point systems.  I was skeptical, but I've had it now a couple years and really like it as a casual, yet stylish timepiece.  It keeps time well and is chunky heavy stainless.  It is in that space between sport and dress watches, but it does it well and is relatively affordable.It was somewhat karge but the quality was very good. I would have exchanged it for a smaller size but i didn t come in a size 5 1/2.Getting older & not as active, my watch would stop a lot of nights. This has kept it accurate so I do not have to re-set it in the morning.Love it! Perfect front pocket walletLove this wallet!!!!!I waited a long time to get a great price for these boots and they were more than what I expected. The price was just right and they fit perfect! The leather is soft and I can easily fit my feet in them and it doesn't hurt the top of my foot.  I'm actually wearing them as I type this review and watch the Cowboys Play. I love these boots!!!!My husband loves these jeans and they look great on him. It's nice that they have some stretch because he has problems with his legs.It is my 1st year back into running after many years.  I am 59 years old.  I am new to racing flats and Sketcher's shoes.  Formerly ASICS GT-2000 series has been my brand.  I have favored cushion shoes that protect my feet from road shock in the past.  In addition to this shoe, I now have Sketcher's Ultra 2, Ultra Road, and Ride 4's.  I love all these shoes and now will make Sketcher's my brand!!!  I am new to racing flats and minimalist shoes such as these.  I have put 25 miles on these shoes and ran my 1st 5K this morning in them.  I would trust these shoes up to 10K to to offer adequate cushion but you will have to be a Meb to do a marathon in them I suspect.  For the half-marathon and above distance I will go with more cushion provided by my other shoes.  I am training for those higher distances now.  However, for the 10K on down, I will be in my Speed 3's for sure!  They are lighter and will give me the best times.This fits big but is good quality and she loves her princess shirt. Adorable in her birthday party pics!Fit is spot on perfect.Fantastic.  My great niece loved it.Very comfortable !! Good fit ! Wear them all the time :)I love the look wore them Christmas thay look great the size a little small I wear size 8 bought 39 says 81/2 could of took 41 other than that like to get a black pair !!!!! Love the look for winterThe T-shirt is beautiful.I love them, they got here super fast and I was not disappointed. While they are a bit snug they haven't sunk in which is good cuz I don't plan on taking them out for a long while. Unless they have them in silver and gold.I chose the suit size I did based on my cup size, but it still runs big. The mesh portion was loose around my torso. If I were to order again I'd order a size below what their sizing chart says.I bought this wallet for my husband to replace his old one just like it. He loves it. great quality!!But one of the flowers fell off the day I received it. Super glued it back to new. Guess that's why they were only $10! Can't wait to wear them at Bonnaroooo!Nice for the price. Comfortable and warm.I love the look, but they get uncomfortable after awhileAll I can say is this watch is AWESOME !!  Looks and feels way more expensive than viewing the photo. What a great purchase this was !  It's by far the best pocket watch I have in my collection..  Also, the box the watch came with is very rich and classy.. Thank you,  L. UrsoThese are so pretty, very petite. Perfect for a 12 year old.Four out of five just because I had to do some digging to figure out how this works. Would buy again. Will update if it breaks. The packaging was good as wellGood!I get lots of complementsLOVE THE WAY IT LOOKS AND FITS.Soft, and she looked adorable!I have very sore feet and I found this shoe to be the best so far as comfort and durability.Just love these jeans!!!!A great anytime shoe...very comfortable cushions the ankles perfectly..value for money.the briefs lack good elastic around the wrist and are a little  too much on  the expensive side. Could do betterAs in other reviews the tops are stiff but not too bad.  The cushion is in the center of the shoe so you feel off balance for a while but after a bit of walking they compressed down.I'm tall, so I purchased the right size based on my clothing but didn't take into account my height. I'm almost 5'10" so the cups don't quite cover my chest without pulling at the groin. Very cute for the price. I lost a little weight and the fit is better. If you're tall, go a size up than what it suggests to give you some extra fabric to stretch for your height.I didn't give 5 stars because I had to order a few sizes down than I usually do. Other than that, it's a cool looking belt.These are great. fit perfectly.
still wear them to this day.
nice and durable.I absolutely love this backpack! It is well-made, very comfortable and extremely cute. There is padding on the straps and back side of the backpack that make it very comfortable. The fabric is high quality and very durable. The inside fabric is lined with gray and white stripes. There is plenty of room inside both the front pocket and the main compartment. I was excited to find that my 17" laptop, binder, and textbook fit nicely with extra room for more items. Additionally, there is a pocket inside the main compartment that helps to secure my laptop in place.Perfect for the men out there who don't want the regular baggy butt blue jeans. These sit low and fit good all around. I liked them so much I ordered more.Great hat, Work as advertised. Tried it during my Vietnam trip at the start of the monsoon.I have returned it for a XL sizeGreat price.  Pretty retro style.Easy and fast to use. Holds shirts well. Would recommend over other shirt stays.Love the dress, just wish it was a little looser, had a little more give.So Cute!perfectMy orthopedic surgeon recommended my wife buy these as she has spinal stenosis, she has a slew of expensive shoes and none can compare with these, great on feet, legs, lower back, need I say more. A little bit of a heavier shoe but well worth it.The shoes fit well and are perfect for my water aerobics classThird pair of this model. I love them, and have had no feet or leg issues since I switchedThey work!  You cannot see them through the fabric of the shirt you are wearing.  They don't come off with sweat or while swimming.  I love them and recommend them to anyone with a headlights problem!Very nice and great value. Bought as my young son's first Oxford.Came in fast! Fit great. Thank youVery cute shoes!I love them. But if you wear a size 7, you need to order an 8.  They are really comfortable.beautiful boots but i have to return it to size up..worth the buyI love these shoes. They go with everything from shorts to dresses and sexy too. I ordered up 1 size and they fit beautifully. 5 stars for looks and 4 stars for fit.Great shoe.  Fun, bright color.  My only complaint is that the material gets dirty easily.My husband loved this sweatshirt for its fit and warmth. Everything about it showed quality and care.arrived early nov 14th woo hooI love my new wallet. It fits perfectly in my purse.
I especially like the way I can organize my csrds.My husband love this boots!!! are very strong but nice to wear. He wear them for construction working and for every day.SoftI love the shape, the size, the lining (polka dots!) and color (garnet) of this bag for the $40 pricetag.  I gave this 4 stars because the material is lower quality than I expected.  It's a bit stiff and squeaky, and I don't know how durable the side trim of the handles will be.  I'm happy with the bag, but if you are looking for something that could pass as a knock off, this isn't the bag you want.Just what u was looking for. Happy there is a zipper in the back. Perfect for the spring summer with skirts or jeans or shorts.Good quality. I'd get one size up.Bought for my mom... fits amazingThese are great boots...I have 3 different pair. I have a white pair that are like walking on pillows...love'emMy father loves this robe. I bought it because he so enjoys the pajamas I bought him a year ago.I actually found a shirt with a flattering fit. Buy it!They function as intended.neck was a bit looser than i would have liked.  Hoping it will perform as well as the long sleeve I got last summer.These are wider than the Tyrant and fit pretty well. While they don't fit like a glove, I can comfortablly wear them for several hours without being annoyed at all.  Vision is clear.  The interchangability is nice, but scary the first time.  The number one complaint is that they don't completely block the sun.  I am not a sunglasses expert, but I favor sunglasses that you can literally stare into the sun and see clearly (driving/running/biking directly into sun for an extended period).  I recommend using a separate microfiber to clean the lens as the pouch that comes with it doesn't do a very good job.Great value very excellent craftsmanship.My daughter chose these for a formal dance. She is now also wearing them to school with jeans! Great shoes- great price!Im a 10.5 so ordering the 11 was perfect given other reviews saying they fir a bit small. The foot beds are hard so Ill be purchasing some cushioned inserts.Very pretty and my sone really like is.  Both happy and I would purchase again.
I write reviews because I count on them when I am purchasing.  Hope this helped!great boots. if you have wide flat feet you will be very happy with these.4starsSnug around the waist, and somewhat warmThis jacket fits extremely well (I'm a 46R) and as expected.  The fabric is and comfortable and looks fantastic.  Not too heavy and not too light - it's just right.Hello everybody! The watch are perfect. The only thing I want to share with you is please go to the youtube and watch how to reset the chronograph on Tissot watches. I received the watches but the arrows on the watch didn't match with its metrics. After I sent it back to customer service. They did reset chronograph to and explained how to do it. I got Greate customer service from Jomashop. They just need to share the information about chronograph reset. Thanks for all for reading this postThis is a good purchaseCool & Sexy. Quality is ok.I ordered a size up based on reviews and it fit perfect. Im 58 130lbs and the size Medium fit me well. Super cute, looks just like the picture. The bottoms can be worn up for more coverage or the striped part folded down which I likeDress fit very well.  Was a little tight around the middle, but nothing too bad.  My daughter loved it.My mother loves her new cape sweater.  She is a very tiny slender short woman. Weighs 95 lbs and is 5.3ft tall. She likes the fit and the color purple.  Its also reversible with the color black on the other side.  There's only one issue, it has a big tag sewn on it.  I will try to cut it out carefully or she will take it to a seamstress to cut it out.  Very pleased with this birthday gift other then the tag issue.Pretty cool. I wish I had brought  back more  special things from Okinawa. This hat is perfect. My wife and daughter like theirs too. No more neck exposure to the sun. Very important to me.Slighly smaller than expectedHeavy, great quality.JUST WHAT I WANTED...WILL ORDER MORE IN DIFFERENT COLORBought this for my best friend for the summer sixteen tour. She loved it. What more can I ask for.Even though I bought them a size too big, my son loves them! Never have to worry about cold feet. Easy to put on at school! No tying!! Now if I coukd only find mittens as warm as these boots!A great, classic running shoe for an affordable price.they were a gift loved them fit perfectly.
thank youThey were a bit small for me so I gave them to my sister.  She loved them.Fast shipping.. Not damaged.. Nice box.. Completely what I expected!Great price and can be worn around town for shopping etc.  I could do with out the side pockets.Love this pair of toms! They start snug but soon stretch to fit! Warm and cozy tooFiance loves these...goes well with black skinny jeans. Very pleased!This dress was absolutely adorable. I wore it to my friend's wedding and received so many compliments on it. I would definitely order another dress but in several colors!!!I own 7 pairs and have recommended these to all my friends with foot painLove these t-shirts! Great quality!Hubs wear these.s  Pretty sturdy.  Good enough to go to the mailbox while wearing.  Not good enough to go to Wal-Mart.  Pretty cozy and all that.  They run a bit small, but he stretched them out and they are fine.Perfect size not too small and not too large, smaller than pictured.  Light weight earrings with quality crystals.  The silver wires are thicker and better quality then the average wires.  Bought them for my mother.  She loved them and I loved them!  Will be buying a pair for myself.  Well worth the money!Just around the shoulders. everything else fits great.Awesome boots. I got about a half size down from what i usually wear because i knew they ran slightly large and there's a little but of toe room but the boots are perfect. Hell i'm wearing them right now and they're wonderful. Durable and strong. Nice leather quality. I don't think ill be needing a new boot for a long time.Soft & comfortable T shirt! I purchased to wear with leggings with this color and it works great. I like the sleeve length and the fit is good. I purchased a larger size than I usually do because it said the fit runs small and it does so mine is perfect!In love with my guess watches. Very very nice.It's a nice shoe and it does technically fit although it is a bit narrow.  i don't expect it to last long as there isn't a lot of give in there.  some baseball players like the snug fit.  i think a wide offering would helpGood qualityLove love the dress, looks and feels great ... Very, very long, had to spend a ton to have it hemmed but such a great dress it was worth it!Look great. Feel greatVery nice ring, i love itI get compliments on this coat a lot. I like the style and so do others. Fits great and looks greatMy only complaint is arch support (I have a high instep) which is easily resolved with inserts.  Otherwise, they look great, feel great, and are a bargain at this price!!!Fast delivery and fit just right I'm satisfied.Sterling Silver White Freshwater Cultured Pearl... very prettyMost comfortable shoes ever!Plan to use for my daughter's Halloween wedding this year.  It was just what I was looking for!Need to order one full size larger. Read reviews before hand so knew to do that and they fit as expected. They run smaller than the size they say they are. I wear an eight and ordered a nine.All Crocs products are of good quality.  These arrived in a short time and were as I ordered.  I would recommend them.  No complaints.Friends are always asking where they can get one!I bought this to embellish a mother of the groom dress that had no bling.  It does the job perfectly!Have been buying these since my daughter was a size 7...she is now a size 10.  She adores these shoes.  The lights last well on them.  Comfy and hold up well.Very nice, good quatity. Could not find silvrr stamp anywhere, but appears to be.funSoft, flexible yet supportive shoe.  Fit is a bit narrow, my toddler does not have a chubby foot and these seemed to pinch.  Go with a wide.I love the jackets feel but the medium I ordered is a bit small and tight. Will be ordering a size bigger but keeping this one for when I lose weight :)My sister asked me to buy this for her husband and he likes it.I do have a bit wider feet. I wore these booties for about and hour to break them in, my feet adjusted to them well. Great sophisticated look with skinny jeans  I am a nine west fan. Thank you amazon for 30% off Black Friday offer and free shipping!My daughter is enjoying wearing these shoes.  They were probably a half size larger than other shoes in her size.  They look great.My daughter who is nine years old; loves these boots.  They are very comfortable and fashionable.great bags. i have the 40lte and the 60ltr. take a beating well and don't have straps hanging all over the place..Fit as expected. Painful if you have wide feetCute shoe but too bottom heavy for me:(Loved the saying and really loved the color!!!
Arrived right on time and will order from this company again.very cute and great quality.So many possible meanings to this statement that are often overlooked.Cute.  Descent quailtyGood product, fast shipping.This is the 3rd wedding band I have recently purchased for my husband. He asked for a few bands to have on reserve with his logic being for certain outfits, occasions or just to keep a spare in his truck in case he forgets to leave the house with one on. In the past few years, it seems the pricing on wedding bands for the boys has come WAY down. If only my diamond bands were the same price, I too would want multiples, lol.
Although this ring is listed as an 8mm it is actually a bit wider than the other 2 8mm's we ordered. My husband prefers the wider look as he has very large hands. Ring is lightweight and features comfort fit. He is very happy with it.Fits great! Looks great! LOVE IT!The dress was a little shorter than expected but overall a perfect fit.Hubby is afraid they will fall off as they feel very loose.  He likes them though.EXCELLENTWish it was available more colorsThese are soft and comfy and still look a bit stylish too. Love lounging around in them. Pants are just the right length.Just what I was looking for!Was a bit too small in the bust area. I'm a 44 D.
But I still wear it and it's comfortable.Great value and perfect fit, will look for more of this product-  CaraAll carhartt products are very well made.  Love this shirt.I did not buy these shoes from Amazon. However, if you are browsing and thinking about buying a pair, just do it. My back is happy. My legs are happy. I was surprised to find that there is no cushion to the shoe. It's completely wooden. You'd think that would be uncomfortable, but no. The arch support is amazing. I've been in nursing for almost 10 years now. I desperately needed a shoe for my back that I've abused and is near going out, (even if I did lift properly)! These were it! My back has never felt so good during the work day. Honestly, I never want to take them off because they just allign my body so well. Do yourself a favor and buy a pair. You won't regret it, and will probably not need to buy any other shoe brand for the rest of your life.

(Well, except tennis shoes. I wouldn't use these on a treadmill). =)Couldnt be more happier she loved itThese boots are way better than expected for the price! They're comfortable, warm, and don't look cheap like I was worried about. Buy them, and you won't be disappointed!!ExcellentI should have ordered a larger size as they suggested.I have a size 38D bra, ordered an XL, I ordered to use under work shirts, they're perfect for that. But looking at strictly the tank top it fits a bit snug to the body.Really cute  !Very nice a little larger than expected more tote like size but all the Betsey features and bright colors.I ordered it a size larger than I normally would had it been made in the US, but I probably should have ordered it 2 sizes larger. It fits, but is a little bit tight. I still love the jacket. The style is awesome, and I;m not sorry I ordered ti. I do love the jacket.Good fit and looks great. Quality is 4/5my husband loved themThese shoes look very nice with skirts or dresses and I am glad I made the purchase. Somewhat larger than the 8 1/2 that I normally wear. The first two times I wore them, I got blisters on my toes and had to put on band-aids to be able to continue wearing them (this usually happens with new shoes and no socks). I have wore them a few times but I know that it may take more times to completely break them in. I don't believe that these will be comfortable enough to be able to wear them all day and/or to do a lot of walking.Great flexible shoe for my 11 month old. I got the 18-24 month size, and there is a bit of room to grow still.Very pretty dress however it is a faux wrap dress - comes with a belt, but has no loops however I'm okay with that. I received lots of compliments on it when worn to a party. Very thin so I recommend wearing a spanx of some sort underneath for coverage or a seamless panty. I am a size 8/10 in pants and S/M in dresses (I weigh about 160 - I'm very curvy) and ordered both a large and extra large based on the reviews that it ran small and wanted to see which would fit. The large fit me perfectly.Purchased for my daughter (2 pairs) - she loves themThese are a basic all leather boot design that covers the ankle bone. Well padded up top, and plenty of room at toes The sole tread pattern is very agressive, you could climb a mountain in these, but not good for cycling. If you're an 11.5 size get the exact size, no need to go up a size on these boots. A very nice quality of leather, that takes on Mink Oil nicely, making them very waterproof. These are very comfortable for walking or extended hiking trips, and with a nice set of insoles become my most favorite boots ever. Here is a set, very comfortable, with heel cups, and mild Arch support. https://www.ebay.com/sch/i.html?_from=R40&_trksid=m570.l1313&_nkw=+M-PACT+Memory+Foam+Shock+Absorbing+Support+Insole+Sock+Liner+1085&_sacat=0  far better than stock, which are junk. If you don't want all that plastic on your boots pretending to be waterproof, these Timberlands are nice.Good easy throw on dress for hot days in Florida.  Keep cool but feel and look beachy!  Pretty colors and washes and drys fine.worn for equestrian lessons, cute, nice and washes wellI love this shirt.  The shirts breathes and keeps me warm on cool running days. The fit is slimming but not too tight.  Good find!!I owned 1460 black color few years back. So this is my second pair. I love how this boots can long lasting.Super comfy and stylish.I wear a size 10 in women's and the large size I ordered is nearly too small, but the next size up would be too big. My heels are right on the edge of the sandal. However, I love to use these shoes as house shoes because I have flat feet and they provide excellent arch support. This is my third pair. Over time, the thong part weakens and eventually snaps away from the base of the shoe, but this definitely takes a lot of wear and tear. For the price, I am ok with having to replace them yearly. It would be great if this shoe was also offered in wide width.I normally by Clarks but didn't care for all the wedges this year.  These are cheaper by far and very comparable when it comes to comfort.
I'm pleased I took a chance.Love this suit. Very retro and figure flattering if you have curves. Wore with heels for added umpf and added a pair of sexy sailor shorts for a fun poolside party.Are super cheap, but perform just as well as the expensive stuff. Yes the frame is Cheapo, but the lenses stand up well to scratches and don't have imperfections. Just wish it had anti glare coating because I can see myself at times when I pay attention.

But hey they are under five dollars, so who cares.Happy with the product so far. I will likely purchase again.Looked for a long time for just the right wedding band, took a chance on this and it was the best decision I could have made. Very Very nice and comfortable. Looks amazing.Pretty dress for sure, sleeve holes are a bit large, but that is cut of the dress as well.  I am 5-4 and the length was perfect.Fits perfectly.I love the color, fantastic quality, & ease of mobility.My son loves Ipath and he loves these shoes.  Great colors and great fit and a good price for the shoes.Fit perfect! Love them! Will buy Navy Blue next!The jumpsuit itself is cute but the size runs extremely small. I went by the size guides provided as well as some reviews, and at 5'8" 174lbs I'll tell you a large will not fitSexy, but they hurt the balls of my feet, even with a little cushion in there. That and my feet get super sweaty and hot in them, which is gross. This isn't something I wear outside of the house. Or anywhere, really.Hubby liked it very much.ExcellentI will start by saying that I have to extend it as much as possible to get it on my non fitted XLT dress shirt. My neck is 17.5 inches so I would guess the shirts collar is around 18.5 inches. It certainly isn't the 23.5 inches the description claims. So If you have a very large neck, this isn't the tie for you. One nice thing about this pre tied  bow tie is the fact that the bow isn't sewn to the neck strap so you can put the clasp where ever you want. I prefer it to clasp in back with collard shirts but with shirts with small or no collars you could slide the clasp under the bow itself. So all in all, for a 5 dollar tie, pretty darn good. I will try to take a better photo of it as the picture isn't great. As the other reviewer stated, it is much brighter red and much more shiny.This is a beautiful chain. Unfortunately, after only 6 months it broke without any real force being put on it.  However, I contacted the company and they replaced it.  How awesome is that??  Hopefully, this one will not break.  Great customer service!!Prefect fitVery light and comfortable.  The extra insulation on top really helps.Kind of see through.Open toebox. Great from the start. Im already logging the miles with comfort. Lightweight. Nice road cushion. Fits like a glove.Fit just fine. Material wasn't what I expected but still was niceGreat bag, very versatile and suitable for the office as well as for casual use.Excellent!This coat really is too big. I didn't believe the other reviews. I'm a solid medium. Size 6-8 and 5'7". I'm also busty so I thought the medium would work if I wanted to wear a long sleeve shirt underneath since it's always cold in the lab. I'm returning it for a small. It really is too big. Otherwise it's great!Perfect!!... eyeglasses could not be purchased from my optical store... found them myself right here... thanksGood party favor, but I bought these because  my grandchild had to wear a patch on her eye.  She loved that everyone participated!Solid fit, I've had them for several weeks and have no issues. I'm hard on my glasses so this was an Economical replacement.Nice shoes. My son looks very handsome in them :)Love love love!durable,functional and all purpose shoes. Soles are virtually invicible,stood the test of time unlike 5.10s. Price is also stiff but worth it in every aspectsI've been dealing with injuries -- plantar fasciitis, stress fractures, and Achilles tendonitis -- and this is the only shoe in 6 months that has felt good on my feet.

For a couple days at first I was a bit sore in the ankles, but I think this shoe makes your foot stronger -- without compromising good form.

I don't know how it does it.

I really don't want to wear anything else on my feet now.Beautiful shirt. Well made. Much smaller than expected. But, if you want a beautiful shirt, this is it.Fit me perfectlyThere are good shoesLoved them but tooo small. I would order next size up. Did not re-order because they do not make my size. Darn 10-1/2Didn't like that they were not leather, didn't pay attention when I purchased. Good fit, ok quality.Straight forward, simple, and easy to use.While the look of these may not qualify as high fashion, they fit and feel great.
Originally, I saw them for a lot more at a fancy shoe store, where I was warned not to wear them too much at first because getting used to them would be tricky, but really it was a breeze.
I tried a similar shoe by Sketchers, which were a nightmare to walk in, so I am pleasantly surprised by these.
They seem to help with both knee and heel pain.there's a weird spot in the back where the colors didn't blend very well but overall its cutegreat fit great color. i'd buy more as i need them and i definitely do not want to see them become unavailableI ordered this hat about two weeks ago and I'm very happy with it. It is soft and well made, and came with the button. The only problem I have is that its a bit long and tight on my head but other than that its perfect :)Very goodTight around the ankle, but otherwise fine.I love this top. It looks exactly like the picture depicts. The color is just right, not to light, not to dark. The material is silky and soft against my skin. My only complaint about it would be that it fits a little small for a size 5X. I will definitely be ordering more.This is so soft and perfect! I am going to buy more of them!!Works.The t-shirts were grest and durable but we're to big for me.  I didn't return them because of that reason and gave them to a family member.  Would have given them a Five Star but they were too big and that was my fault; definitely would recommend this product.  The material of the t-shirts were thicker than the ones I bought at a nearby department store and they were Hanes as well.Great quality!comfy and love the lengthLove them, big but not heavy.I love it really does wonders I give it a 4 coz I thought it's was a waist trainer not cincher but it's works with tucking in your belly but the skin really gets irritated and lives marks!Great shoes! Normal fit, still need to break them in a little more but very comfortableBought this for my 4 year old nieces and they loved it. The wings were added bonus and they couldn't wait to wear it. Material was soft cotton and the length was perfect!This dress is beautiful.  The color is very true to the picture and the fit was perfect.I love the fit of the shoe. Plus the colors are awesome!I don't normally buy cheap shoes because they never look nice, but these are great!  I ordered them to bring to London and everyone there loved them.  I walked around in them all day, brand new I might add, and they were very comfortable.  If you're even considering it, I recommend you buy these boots!These are great shoes. Very well-made, comfortable, high quality materials and craftmanship. They came in the mail promptly. I recommend these.I wish I'd been more careful reading the description/reviews.  I didn't realize there was beading on the neckline in addition to the embroidery, which I don't care for.  I thought the embroidery would dress up a plain-ole-thermal shirt.  The beading is tacky.

I'm 5'5, 230lbs, 44D-DD.  I ordered the 2X, but probably could have gotten away with a 1X.  Overall, the shirt fits well and is comfortable.  It's a little baggy, but I prefer loose fitting clothing.  I do like the extra room in the arm holes and the sleeves are nice and long.

When the shirt arrives, half the buttons are undone (as in the pic) and in this manner, the shirt is a v-neck.  You can button up the remaining buttons if you so choose.  The advertised photo makes the shirt look much longer than it is.  I wanted to wear this with leggings.  I prefer a little more coverage of my bits in front.

I haven't washed it yet.  I'm hoping it holds up.  All things considered, not a bad buy for $13.59.  Given the quality of WW items, I don't think I'd have paid any more.I have owned just about every model of Asics.  The Asics Kayano has allowed me to run several days in one week without knee pain.  They are definitely my new favorite.  I often mix up my daily workouts to biking, swimming, weights, etc., because I cannot get away with the impact of frequent running.  The Kayano gave me back the ability to workout my favorite way more often-just go run.  I have owned them now for about a month & I'm cautiously optimistic.  I will certainly be staying with this model.Thank uthis is the first time for me to buy coat from amazon, it seems that the size is ok, and the coat looks beautifulArrived on time.  Fits my son, but if he were a full-grown man it would be too short.  Might fit a man who is 5' 8" or less.  The quality of the materials is so-so, but he did not complain of any discomfort.These Bikinis are cut too low for me. The price and quality are very good.Fit true to size, are comfortable for rain boots and look better in real life than in the picgood for a costumenice shosethey very comfy I like them!i like it very much, fit as expectedGreat PJs. These are $50 pajamas/so the tag said. They are very well made. Soft fabrics I like my PJs loose so I went up 1 size. Perfectly loose.The product was too big . However your customer support person that assisted me today 8/8/16 was excellent .What I expected
My daughter love itThe jade pendant is quite lovely but the chain is made of a wider weaved silver than I like.Love this Hoodie. My daughter will be really happy when she opens this Christmas Morning.
Item was sent and received extremely fast. Would order from them again.It was perfectGreat watch. Has 10 year battery. I had one prior to this and the battery lasted for 12 years. I just wish it were a g-shock version. Also a day light savings time mode would have been good. Watch is comfortable with Velcro strap.Purchased this for my nurse sister as a gift.  She loved it, she said one of her best scrub pants!  I ordered her an XS and she is 5'3" and about 130 lbs.The shoe fit perfect. Next purchase would prefer original packaging.My favorite running shoes.  Unless have several pairs.  Price is greatly too!  Order a size up.very comfortable and fit true to size. Love the color!!Arrived on time and I love it!faded after 1st wash though, but still not too bad. Wearable.Always has been of high quality with a predictable fit......no sagging, rise up etc and wash up like newLove it! My favorite hat! I generally have a small head, but this hat fits me perfectly. The strap on the back nicely slides into the hat so it doesn't look tacky on my small skull.I LOVE THEM!!!  Now I am buying every color.Very cute top. Perfect for summer!First of all, WOW, what a variety of amazing graphic 3D shirts to choose from.  I love the huge options available. 41 of them!!  I chose the Nebula Star shirt.  I chose this shirt because my son loves anything to do with the galaxy and also because he has a pair of galaxy pants that matches this shirt perfectly.  We were both excited to get this to add to his galaxy collection.  It arrived and we were very happy with how vibrant the graphics look and how soft and comfortable it feels once on.  It slides on simply and lays well on the body.  It's made of a cotton, polyester and spandex.  I washed it and dried it and there was no color fade or shrinkage.  The shirts are made or cut to US sizes which is perfect.  It fit just as expected.  My son liked this shirt so much that he said to write that it's out of this world!  Cute comment considering it's a galaxy shirt.Really cute. They're light weight and soft. They prevent scratches and look great doing it!It was fantasticLots of departments in this wallet!Great bagGood product. Exactly as described and came fast.True to size and comfortable.favorite hat I own, and I own a LOT.  emblem is white, black doesn't fade or bleed.Love the product.Love this shirt!Love it. Its warm plushy and so cute on her true to size.Gorgeous!I wear them only when I go to the local Aquatic center. They serve the purpose,
when I walk in the pool for my therapy providing protection for my diabetic feet.
They are not for every day wear, anywere.I wear a medium in the US and I ordered this jacket in a medium at first, then I got nervous about the sizes. I contacted the seller to please change my order to an XL and they were super polite and willing to do that for me. Jacket came today and the XL fits perfect. Thanks!Perfect, fits snug, goes for the old school look. Was looking for a replacement for my old nike low cuts, found it.These were exactly as described. They fit great and keep my little one's feet warm. The slippers are definitely worth the buy.Really nice $$$ worth itOkay so I read and re-read all the reviews on here and agonized about the size.  So after reading the reviews I purchased the small (I normally wear a medium for a fitted fit and a large for a relaxed fit.  The small is a bit snug.  I am hoping that if I wash it carefully it will not shrink.  I always appreciate when people post their measurements, so I hope this helps others to make an informed decision.

I am 5'6" 128lbs with  a 37" bust and 30" waist.

Also, I felt the quality was 'fair' not excellent.  For the price I was expecting better quality.excelente producto de calidad  recomendando como lo estaba buscando  excelente servicio de envio a miami y recibido a tiempo estimadoThey fit perfect! Love themLove these shoes. Very high quality. I have narrow feet (water skis my husband jokes) and usually wear a 9, 9.5 and got these in 9.5 and they fit perfect.Firsts time I put in I felt it was the wrong size. It is to tight on the top of my foot.
I decided to give a day using and it. Not easy but was the best decision.
The leather adjusted very well and is perfect keeping the proper tightness holding the foot inside.
Looks great with jeans and very comfortable.
Worst the money.These shoes are extremely comfortable and fit perfectly. My husband has been wearing only Mephisto shoes for years, and I now know why!It fits the length well, but the belly and torso area are a little large. I guess all babies are different though.  My baby is in the 80th percentile for height and 50th for weight.Well made, cute colors.  Just a bit small.Nice skirt. Awesome fit.I absolutely love the dress it came right on time I don't feel that dress is too short then again maybe I'm used it . I am 5'4 and it fit just fine it's very sparkly and pretty my friends were pretty jealousAlso good workmanship, type is also quite good, is the waist a bit older, or washing effect, very satisfied.My dad liked it but it too big.This is a nice bracelet.  I wanted to try a leather bracelet, but did not wantto invest $50-$100 to get one to see if I liked it.  I like that there are 2 snaps on this so if I am wearing more than 1 bracelet I can choose to make it bigger or smaller to fit where I want it on my wrist.This is a really cute cover up, but it smells like chemicals soooo badly. I need to get it dry cleaned, I think. It made the hair on the back of my neck stand up it was so bad!!cups are a little tightFit very wellNice watch, a little clunkier than I expected,but I am pleased with it and I plan to wear it often.smaller as expectedComfortable  and just as expected.Absolutely adore these shoes.  Color is fabulously muted rose, they're high enough to give you a boost but still very comfortable.Very pretty!NiceLove these boots. They are Warm, fit like a glove and make me feel safe while I am walking over the piles and piles of snow.Love!PerfectThe fit is true, so order what you would normally wear. It's a good jacket, for the price.  I ordered the teal, which is more of a green.  So if you are expecting more a blue color, do not order this.These are great to have around. The liner in the sole seems to slide around just a tad when I'm pulling my foot out but stays put while wearing them. I work in my garden a lot lately and it's great to just hide them off and are easy slip on/off for going in and out of the house. Oh, and they're cute.. As cute as rubber shoes can be. Was happy!  Love that comfort fit idea!kept me warm as a base layerThank youI get compliments on this item often. My middle school students especially like the purse after I explain what a typewriter is.Very warm and cozy.  Love the non-stick feet!Perfect suitcase for air travel.  It's sturdy and spacious, the telescoping handle is a plus as I'm not a tall person so the handle can be adjusted for the best height for me!The Carhartt Irvine military style cap is lightweight, but is well made and fits my larger bald head comfortably with plenty of room to adjust either way. It doesn't distort much when I put it on, like many other caps. The lightweight Ripstop material keeps my head cooler, as I like to wear a cap when I'm inside at a music event, or outside in warm weather.
  The Carhartt Logo is stitched in black, on a black cap, so it isn't a problem for me, since I was looking for a plain black cap. Would consider this same cap in other colors as well, but I think it only comes in black at this time.
  So, thanks to Carhartt for a great design, and to Amazon, and the seller for the great service. Five stars from me!The backpack is more red than coral.  But we still love it.comfortable, cute, lots of compliments already.I really love these! I have look-alike Keen sport sandals, but these are cuter, lighter, and more comfortable. Thank you!I am a size 3 and 5'8"....I thought these may be too large and/or too short...they fit perfect!Thinner than I was thinking but very well made.Product as expected. Came just like all of my other Cherokee scrubs I bought at my local scrub store but at a cheaper priceThis is of a quality I would expect for a costume.I love these shoes, they look just as they did in the picture. Worth the money, even though they were priced very good. I deffiantly recommend.Pretty reliable, a tad smaller than I expectedWas exactly as it was promoted.  Very goodGreat wallet for the price. Fits lots of cards and is fairly slim.Very pretty necklace.It's hard to find 5.5 W (usually starting at size 6) and the price was great, so I gave it a try. It's cute and comfy! I am very happy for my purchase :)Good shoesLove these shoes. Have owned multiple SM pairs prior and currently own 2 additional pairs. These are the most comfortable shoes available. No break in required. Highly recommend these for anyone looking for a comfortable fit, good internal padding and someone who needs to walk around a lot.These are the best shoes I have had in 5 years. --- unbelievably comfortable. Perfect fitting. I can run again Perfect.Love these heels and was so happy I could get them in my slim width (which is very hard to find).  If they become offered in another color I will purchase them again.  Thanks.  rpbIt's only a medium size duffel bag. Not big at all, but it holds everything I need for martial arts training. Bag is breathable (mesh/net like material), so u can throw in your hand wraps or gym towel after use, and it'll dry up and won't stink up your bag.

What I'm able to fit in this bag:

1 pair of shin guards
1 pair of medium size punch mitts
1 piece of muay thai pad
1 groin guard
2 pairs of hand wraps
1 pair of MMA gloves
1 jump rope
1 bottle (water container)

There's still room for an extra shirt and/or a small towel! There's also a zipper pocket outside the bag (front) where you can put your wallet, keys, etc. Overall, for the price, it's a great starter Gym/MMA bag.Much thicker than the last Hanes short socks I bought. Exactly what I was looking for.Size right length little shortI suffer from chronic plantar fasciitis and I can be on my feet all day in these. I love them.Nice looking wallet, and it is pretty slim.  I love the fact that I feel much safer walking around with unscrupulous people hiding credit card scanners in their packs/purses!!!The hat fit well about size 7.
I would end this but I need six more words for this review.I WISH THEY WERE ALITTLE TIGHTER AROUND THE THIGH AND CALF AREA, BUT OVER ALL THEY FIT OK AROUND WAISTI absolutely loved this!
It fit perfectly.
And, it is very well made.Great shoes. A little wider than standard but does keep your feet cool. Buy your size. Comfortable to wear all day for work.These socks fit well and are very soft and comfortableThese are beautiful but much to big, if they were a smaller stone I would have kept them, but I had to return...Wife loved them. She needed a pair of slippers for evenings and walking on cold tile floors. These fit the bill.I got this product from the company for my honest review, This review is solely my own. First let me say that I love this design it is so cute and will match my dress so well. I didn't want to wear heels because your feet already hurt enough on that day and have enough stress to deal with these. These are amazing and it is definitely better than not wearing anything and having bare feet in all of my pictures. I didn't want it looking trashy. I am actually thinking about getting these for my bridesmaids as well for their dresses so no one has to wear heels and they can match me. Thanks so much for making my wedding day be great. Thanks for letting me review this product and hope to review more products in the future.I needed a snow white costume for halloween, and for some reason almost every Snow White costume looks like a cheap yellow trampy nightmare or a motherly yellow nightmare. So I saw this and went 'hey, that's kinda cute." I was worried that it only came in one size because I'm 5'8 and athletic so I can't fit into smalls.
Needless to say it was pretttty tight, and short, but I wore bike shorts underneath and got drunk off my ass so it was all good.
The ribbons on the back ripped as soon as I put it on, so I cut them off, no biggie. They didn't really add to the costume anyway, and forget the bow/headband that comes with, it also falls apart.

But people loved this costume. Loads of compliments.They gave me blisters only on my right foot just underneath the lateral ankle bone, the exterior of the boot is quite rigid and I think it was bent.
Other than that, they are very warm and comfy, very good grip.Very nice no-show sockSnug but comfy. Great for those chilly mornings!I have wore these shoes for over 9 years.. I work in a resturant & they don't slip & my feet feel good!Wonderful hat, and matched my outfit to a teePurchased this bag for a trip to Africa. Wanted everything in a backpack-type bag which is much easier for me to carry. This one has tons of room, plenty of pockets, and should work great for me.It turned out a bit lose in my 4 1/2 year old, but she is quite petite though. Otherwise, it 's good qualify and very cuteIt fits fine. I have a small head may be because of which it's somewhat large for meNice shoe. A bit more shining than on the pictures.The pants are too large, I used to wear size 28 and it is w30. The size is not mentioned in the introductiong of this item.I was concerned about the toes, but these shoes are more stable than the narrow type shoes I had before.My wife purchased this money clip for my birthday.  It looks very nice and is excellent quality.  I am enjoying it.  And when they state "powerful magnet" they are not kidding.  Should last a long time.This is a geat shoe for everyday wear.  I am very happy and would definitely buy these again.  However, there are only 2 things I don't like about the shoe, (1) no welt construction, but really,does anyone do this anymore? and (2) not digging the rubber sole in the forefoot, I much prefer a full leather sole.  Bostonian makes a really solid, comfortable shoe and this one is no exception.  I also really like the fact that this pair is actually Italian leather (not made in India) and you can tell the difference... and at bargain basement prices!  And the deerskin leather was a nice idea too, since its softer/more flexible and doesn't leave the hard creases in the forefoot area.  I have to confess, I have two pairs, one black and one brown.  Very happy with my purchase.
I've also been using Lexol leather cleaner and conditioner to clean and protect these and it works great... I actually think they look nicer than when I first bought them.  I'm a HUGE fan of Lexol for anything leather.  If you haven't tried it, go get it.  You won't be disapointed.  Much better than wax polishes.  However, if you want shine, go with a wax polish.  If you want leather shoes that actually look and feel like leather, go with Lexol.  Well folks, that's my 2 cents, hope it helps ya...I love these pants! They wash well and fit great. This was my fourth order of these pants. I ordered petite large and they are the perfect length. I cannot go back to any other work pants because these are so comfortable. My only disappointment was this recent order I was sent the wrong size. I thought perhaps it was my mistake but after checking my order I did order correctly. Mild inconvenience to return and reorder. I gave five stars because ultimately I love these pants!5'7 ,136lbs bought the large instead of a medium. Fits a little big but not bad. Could've gotten a medium and would have fit better. Love the material, feels nice on. The color is vibrant. Wanted a bathing suit to cover the "mom belly" and this does the trick nicely.These were very cute but they offered extra room.. nothing slightly thicker socks can't fix.Soft cotton, pale pink and fits comfortably.The best umbrella I have ever owned. This particular umbrella was so nice and sturdy that I purchased 2 of them!Comfortable,soft leather and great for dancing!adorable dress, packaged well!  the top can be a little more open as I don't have any cleavage lol but i did not have to wear a tank top surprisingly.  You can tell this was made of Quality.  My second item ordering clothes on Amazon.  I always wear jeans and sneakers so this felt super pretty!  Made very well, excellent quality!My kids love theseson likes themlove the fabric, fit and feelAll red and cheetah print! Pretty cool looking.  Both the brim and the strap are a plasticy material that makes it look shiny.  It doesn't make it look cheap though so that's good.I bought a swiss army wallet years ago, had it for many years and it held up nicely.  I finally had to replace it and choose to go with this Wenger, which my understanding is still a swiss army product...?  Hasn't quite held up as well as the last one but still a good wallet overall and shapes nicely to whatever you're carrying.not as good as big smith, but comfortableI bought this shirt for my husband, and it is super soft! He has to wear a 4xlt, and the fit was excellent. Also being a big man, he doesn't like heavy clothes and this was perfect. Highly recommend, will be ordering other available colors.Stays in place while running, walking and working out. Easy on, and simple sleek design works with workout pants or shorts. Im 54, 122 lbs and got an extra small. Works great! Would recommend!I loved these shoes. Absolutely beautiful!!! Made well & durable. Unfortunately they weren't true to size. I usually wear between a 6 1/2 & 7. I could have fit in a 6 in these. The company only carried them in two sizes. I had to return. I wish they had my size because they were perfect for my weddingnice shoes, like it's design & color.Very Nice.....Nice soft material. My son loves this shirt.returnedIt is cheap enough but provid good enough quality. However the steel toe bothered my right foot a little,not feel very smooth inside.I have a big head so it is hard to find skull caps that fit right. But otherwise it was well made. I would have kept it if it would have fit.Amazing watch...and cheap..I like these shorts they are actually long enough for me cuz I'm tall (6'2.5") and that's hard to find.
I bought like 4 of these. A way to improve them would be make the pocket material a little thicker. I ripped a hole in one of mine.

I took out the strings at the bottom myself cuz I like them without the strings.
The free belt that comes with the shorts is really nice. $22 for a pair of shorts that fits me and a belt.
I like cargo shorts cuz they have so many pockets they are very practical.Very comfortable and well-cushioned! A slightly "dressier" flip-flop. Looks as nice with skirts and dresses as it does with shorts and pants. I like that the multiple straps help it to stay on; I don't have to grip with my toes as with some slip-ons. Seem well made. When I first put them on, I wasn't sure whether the straps might be a bit too rough and somewhat snug. But within the first day they started to feel just right, and now they feel like they were made for my feet.Beautiful earrings, but too large for my taste. I felt like they made me look like an old lady with big earringsng sticking out. I need then to be more subtle lookingReceived very fast, fit as expected (tried on at a local shoe store to see exactly what size I needed), extremely comfortable...love 'em.Like these beads a lot, thanks againLightweight and comfortable tee shirt at a very reasonable pricevery nice looking boots length is OK on them but they are a little bit wide. I think once I get a little bit thicker socks to wear with them they'll be just fine.  Haven't had a chance to wear them yet but they seemed comfortable when I tried them on.  Good color true to the picture online.Very nicePerfectmeh....they're niceI have a narrow foot and rarely find a Fit Flop that fits properly, I kind of have to go 'sloshing around' in them.  I like this shoe, it's a bit wider on the instep than I wish it were, the footbed is a bit shorter than others I already have and the sole seems to slide when walking on a s mooth floor.  Isn't it possible for Fit Flop to begin making/selling a narrower fit???  Not everyone has a wide or even medium wide foot.This is a great shoe, fits perfectly and the support is wonderful.  I receive compliments on how great this shoe looks all the time.My seven-year-old son wanted a pair of "real" overalls.  That's what we got with these.  Therefore, I highly recommend them.What a wonderful toy. It is easy to manipulate and no other complicated directions are needed.

My son who is six can make magic happen with this hat. He can make anything small dissapear and show up again easily. My daughter age four easily makes things go away and come back with this hat.

The hidden pocket is impossible to see unless you stick your head in the hat yet it is very easy to feel with your hands. Adults can easily put their hand in this hat's secret hole as can little children. It is well made and has put up with lots of use and wear.

This is a fun toy. It is well worth the money.

Enjoy.Love them. They're warm, lightweight, stylish and the low price was a bonus...under $75 and free shipping, can't get better than that since uggs are $190 (and a bit ugly to my taste).mold perfectly. is very comfortable, no marks and allows movement loosely.

It is easy to wash and store.

very comfortableVery cute and comfy but somewhat small across the mid back, I ordered up a size and glad I did.The set is beautiful in person and looks good when worn. The tikka chain arrived broken, which was awful, so I had to fix it. Other than that, the product is good. Looking forward to wearing it again.Very nice, inexpensive rain flyerGave this to my nephew for Christmas. Good fit for a 5 year old. Slightly cheapy feeling, doesn't seem like it will hold up well to lots of wear and the velcro closures don't hold very securely. He's very pleased with it though, so I am too. The bunny is cute and the magic coin is a nice touch.I thought I purchased very big to wear multiple HEAVY sweatshirts under, but this coat must run smaller?? Nice softness to it. Not worth hassel of returning.Great price. Good quality.light, convenient, and looks nice!The pendant has a nice weight to it, the chain is of average quality. The ruby stone is smaller than what is pictured but overall it is a piece that will spend more time around my neck than on the jewelry tree. Delivery was prompt , the necklace was safely packaged. It is wearable with many different looks, I enjoy this piece.Buy one size smaller.Purchased this as a gift. It looks great on my sister. The only issue is it's a touch too long but an easy hem fixed that right upFits as expected out of the bag, but made the mistake of machine drying. They shrunk noticeably.OkVery comfortable and a good casual shoeI love these boots.  Super comfortable.  True to size.Was a bit large but the next size was too smallThis boot was a perfect size. It is very comfortable. Sometimes shoes/boots are not wide enough for my foot but this one is perfect.Color is great! Has some life to it, yet not loud. I love the fit. The straps are perfect. I gave it a four because they used a rubbery material  in the ruched bust, but did not include it in the material description. Due to its location, it does not touch my skin, so I may be able to get away with it. It may be silicone, which I can wear, or it may contain latex, which I cannot.the cross is small.  Other than that...its coolnice shoe very comfyThey fit fine, and they look so elegant; they are so soft and easy to walk on them. I am glad I bought them, I love Nine West!Very comfortable with great arch support.  Wore them all day shopping and had no issues with my plantar fasciitis or tendinitis.  My only negative was that the color in the picture seems like a lighter shade than in reality.  The true color is teal, but darker than picture portrays.could be a little bigger, love it otherwiseShirts are awesome but they do run a little small but otherwise perfect gift for my bff!I love this nursing bra. It fits really well with great support. Very pretty fabric, soft and silky. Folds down nicely when nursing unlike others i have bought. is never in the baby or my way. I will be ordering at least one more like this to trade off so am always comfortable especially when going back to work.I am tall (5'9") and I expected this to fall 2 inches above my knees as shown in the picture.  However, when I put the dress on, it is about 3 inches above my knee and not quite appropriate for work.  I do like the overall fit and fabric though.  It creates a very appealing silhouette and the color is neutral enough to coordinate with many other items (sweater, accessories, various types of shoes, etc).The gray was a lot darker than I thought, but overall was still very cool looking.Love it!Good qualityI purchased the Lucky Women's Emmie Ballet, as I already own a pair and really do enjoy them.  However, this pair seems to run smaller.  My size is 6 1/2, which is what I ordered, but my toes are almost touching the front of the shoe, making it hard to walk for longer durations of time.  With that said, the shoe is stylish and flattering.I would recommend these slippers to anyone, but it is important that you choose one size smaller than you would normally choose.Nice zippered pocketsBeen many years since I wore a pair of Chucks like these, but they are a cool as ever !!!!! Love themI wish the velcro wasn't in the way of tightening...had to do some trimming to snug fit.I ordered a medium and wear an 8 pant. The skirt is a little loose, and long so I roll it. But I'm 5'1 so hard to find petite maxi lengths. Would order again.Arrived on time. Item is as described. Seems sturdy. So far tested only in mild drizzle and it does keep the water out.Looks greatGreat shoes! Size runs a little big.My New favorite scrub pants!Fits as expected, but the lace trim at the bottom does NOT stretch... I'd go a half size or more bigger if you want a "flounce" to the lace trim.Seems to be of good quality, our son looks quite handsome in it! Our son wears most clothes in 12-18 months, and this seems to fit him well in the 18 month size.  I definitely wouldn't get the smaller size if you are debating.Wife loved them. Great value.I  enjoyed wearing this dress for a small gathering of friends.  It was not cocktail fancy  but had an edge with the cutouts at the shoulder and the gold zipper in the back.  I love how the hem was finished and was not too short.shortMy wife love itThese are great! After a few days you get used to them and don't notice them at all. They have solved the problem of me constantly tucking in my shirt. The only problem I had was that a clip fell off and I could not find it. I contacted the company directly and they offered to send me replacement clips for free! I highly recommend these if you have the same problem of having your shirts coming untucked.This was one of my favorite shirts until I lost my first one. So, I was excited to find it again here. Fits just as described and after a few washes, it gets to that perfectly soft stage.The shape is very  nice for covering up your tummy and gives an expensive, tailored look while still being comfortable. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the size seems to run a bit small. I normally wear a 6 but bought an eight a ten probably would have fit a bit better. Over all, though, I'm VERY please with this purchase.Just received these and have tried them on but not worn them for any period of time yet...so far, so good and will update after they've seen some action!They fit in length but I feel like I am going to walk right out of them tighter in the ankleLove them might buy another pairGreat fit, super comfy, decent priceVery cute; nice color; nice heel. The edge of the top front part of the shoe digs into toes, however.Cute purse. Bigger than I expected. Perfect size for a crossbody purse. The only thing that would make it better is if the purse strap was a little longerNice boot.  Got at a great discount.  Wears like a real riding boot, not much give.  Good leather quality.I was really happy with this product. It fit perfectly and I love the way it looks. I will be buying more.This looked beautiful on our little girl for her "graduation" from preschool!Love Keen and love Newport H2. They are the most comfortable and require zero break in time. I have collapsed arch so I require extra stability for shoes. These are perfect - never twist my ankle again.Love these pants! I bought 3 pair, and will probably by 2 more for work. Super comfortable.goodExcellent product and arrivel on timeBeautiful. I always get lots of complements.This particular shoe is my running shoe of choice.  I was thrilled to find them online at Amazon for about $50 cheaper than normal price and they arrived very quickly.  I will definitely continue to use this vendor for my future running shoes needs as long as they carry the Progrid Triumph 4!Very nice jeans at a great priceNeeded a pair of navy leggings to go with a dress I have and couldn't find any in the stores, so googled on amazon and voila!!!I've had a few smart watches starting with the Apple.  I really like the looks of this watch, and the choice of faces is much more attractive than anything on the apple watch.  This is a very heavy watch, which for me is a distraction when trying to use it while exercising.  The software is OK, but I don't have an android so I'm stuck with the Apple version.  If you don't mind a heavy watch and you want a smart watch this one is worth serious consideration.  As for me I keep trying a smart watch an giving up on it after a few weeks.  But I liked this one the best.Very comfortableAlways have issues finding pants my size. These fit perfect.cuteWell made & still looks nice after washing.https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00XJHJG24/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_2This was the second pair for the same shoe in different color. The velcro shoe tie is very convenient and mesh sides make for very good ventilation. Great summer shoe for active kid.NICEI get lots of compliments on this wrap. Love itMy nephew absolutely LOVED his new Dino backpack. Very good material and perfect for my 3 year old nephewGreatI took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a medium when I would otherwise have ordered a small. The medium fits perfectly.good quality.This skirt is exactly what I was looking for  fits like I thought it wouldI guess i wouldve wanted to see more options on this its a good product great bra didn't fit me so i gave it to my sister.Got these for my Brooks sneakers because I have RA and have difficulty with my shoes. These laces totally solved my problem.Very comfortable , more than mostExcellent immediate despatch smoothly, new product guaranteed as publishedHighly recommended.Very goodexcellentNice for  a Halloween party.These sleeves are great! They fit my cards and wallet without any cutting or adjustments of any kind and are a lot easier to use than I anticipated. This is one satisfied customer!Put them on... 30 minutes  later i forgot I was wearing them>>>.

Really nice, well made and comfortable.It's a great watch.  I had a very similar one (ADP6010) that I enjoyed as well.  The only issue is that the band on the old one eventually cracked and then broke in half after about 15 months of 24/7 use.  That is a typical issue of these types of watches so they have to be replaced every couple of years, that's why I only gave 4 stars.  But from a looks, comfort, and functional perspective, this watch is perfect.Nice Fit. AAA+++Ordered because I will be having shoulder surgery and won't be able to wear a bra easily for a while.  This is a legit option to 'step into' and pull up to have at least a little support without straps.  It is soft and shockingly does not create the 'uni-boob' issue that this tube top style typically does.

I personally wouldn't use this as a regular bra, but this will be very helpful for now.Purchased the shoes for my mom and she related the shoes were comfortable.Beautiful dress and a perfect fit!Nice shoes. Comfortable fit. Very reasonable price.The shoes are well made  I have worn them for several years. They wear well and give me the support that I need because I have very bad feet and ankles. Would recommend them to anyone who needs a good sturdy substantial shoe.These are very comfortable shoes. The only reason I deducted a star, was because the sole material really discolors fast when walking on asphalt or road surface. Not sure what material it is made of, but the sides of the shoes get way dirtier than other tennis shoes, weird but true. I bought these for a vacation trip with lots of walking, and my feet definitely felt better than in my walking tennis shoes, so I would still purchase them again.As I said about the grey Fruit of the Loom Men's Over the Calf socks, I wish a store like Kmart or Walmart or Target kept these socks in stock.  They are exactly the type of socks I needed.  The last socks I bought similar to these were made my Hanes, but they no longer make them....but, Fruit of Loom makes them and I recommend them highly!
These socks also make great "Rice Bag Socks."  This is my invention based on an idea from a friend of mine's grandmother, whereas I put 2 lbs. to 2 and 1/2 lbs. of uncooked rice in one of the socks, then tie the end of the sock.  Place the sock in the microwave from 1 to 3 minutes to heat it, then place it on sore muscles or arthritic areas.  BUT, do not heat it too hot or it will burn your skin.
I also give these "Rice Bag Socks" for Christmas gifts and EVERYONE loves them.Bought this in size 5 and 2 for my 4 and 2 year old girls.  Fits them perfectly!  Very well made, thin enough for mobility but thick enough for warmth.  They are so excited to be in matching snow outfits!  We are excited that the four year drought in California may subside for this year and we will get some use from these outfits!I use 6.5, these shoes were big and wide for me, 6 is perfect. I'm happy with my shoes, comfortable, nice color( orange)These are terrific with my dress shoes when I wear them with dress pants. They stay up nicely. They aren't thick, but they are thicker than trouser socks.love the boots they arrived very quickly!Fast delivery and really great quality! Thank you The threading / seams immediately came loose and hanging down threads. It is a nice swimsuit coverup- but wouldn't wear as a dress.These eyeglasses are top quality eyewear. They're made incredibly well, from Italy nice beefy hinges all in all a fabulous purchase.I actually purchased the head gear for a young man I am mentoring. He noticed me wearing my version of the 82nd Airborne head gear and wanted one for himself.Grandson lovvvved it!These were too big so had to return. No way to tighten the slingback. Loved the style and the size of the heel otherwise.I bought these for a friend because I just love them!!!  They do run a little bit narrow.  I have a wide foot myself and order X wide...so comfortable...I ordered a second pair from another site because my size and color was not available here.  I must return my friend's unfortunately........They are as advertised. They may not be the lightest or strongest frame but for the price you can buy two and have one for spare parts. I had to shorten the legs which I have to do with every frame I buy and I replace the nose pads with silicon type as they tend to be softer and grip better.exactly as expected...thxI wear (UK) size 10 in sneakers and sized down one full size (to UK9) in these. No heel slip at all, fit perfectly.

Even with delivery (to UK) and import fees these still work out cheaper than buying from Clarks directly in the UK...AND Beeswax aren't available to buy over here. SMH @ Clarks UK....

Used 'Super Saver Delivery' and they arrived 8 days earlier than expected.Dinosaurs PLUS narwhals!The waist band for me is somewhat large, but it is still fine because i can wear it.My grandchild is just 6 mths old, in a couple of weeks won;t fit anymore.I already owned a pair, and my mother was envious so I bought her a pair as well.Beautiful bandana! I loved this bandana. It came with 3D glasses to use on it and it looks so cool! I would definitely buy again. When you order this, you get a coupon from the company and I am looking forward to buy it on a tapestry! GET IT!Great dress, especially for the price but order at least one size bigger than you needThey fit very well with comfort and ease of getting them on and offWhat a beautiful ring.  The gemstones are clean and the setting is simple yet stunning.  The perfect ring for an engagement ring - with a plain band for a wedding ring -sheer perfection!!These sandals have the same qualities as the original with extra padding for lasting comfort.  The fit is standard for Birks with regards to size.perfect as expected.
FSWell made capris but fit snug. Size 10 is usually my size but a 12 might have been a better fit. If you like form fitting go with your usual size. The quality is quite good.goodGood jeans. The quality is great as always, but the fit is straight leg, not skinny. If I wear flats the look is not great on me at 5ft 4" as the inseam is 29". I kept them as I will wear these jeans with boots. Overall - very happy.Scuffed and had marks.Looks great and hope she likes it at Xmas timeLove the style of these boots. They feel a little large but I think a size down would be a hard shoe to get on and off.I love them. I received them much earlier that expected.Looks just like the picture online and is a nice lunch box for almost any age. I bought this for my 15 year old daughter and I would use it myself as well. Inexpensive too.It fix nicely on my nephewThis dress is really very beautiful, my daughter loves it!  I'd say it runs a little small, however it is very high quality fabric, cut and stitching.  Love the fact that it's American made!Perfect for summer golf!3 for product for it was too long so i need to make some adjustments. 4 for early delivery. it could be 5 if i like the feels of it. i should have ordered a gunmetal color. anyway its a nice product. no issues for craftmanship its solid probably can last a couple of years if your caution.Thicker than expected, but comfortable for cooler temperatures.I really like the elasticity and firm control of this product while not feeling uncomfortable at all! It's a very well made and well fitting garment! I really slaved looking for a good body shaper and this is it!Good productFit as expectedlooks fineWhen I put them on for the first time I thought the toe box was a little tight, but once I stood and my feet sank into that foam they turned out to be one of the most comfortable safety shoes I have ownedLove me. 4 stars because I wear a 5 and the 5-6 is a little bigger than I like.Love them!Living in the country, we own a lot of big equipment so these shirts are perfect for my hubs,

As with our tractor....our dozer has been known on occasion to leak so I can't help but die laughing every time I see this shirt.

The shirt itself looks great...the screenprint holds up well wash after wash with no indication of fading so far.

The shirt washes well...I did experience a smidge of shrinkage when washing as instructed but thankfully you can be confident in ordering true to size based on what you normally wear.. Even with the minimal and very minimal shrinkage that occurs...you don't have to order an extra size larger to compensate for it

It wears well and looks great.

I received this product at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. I was neither paid nor sponsored for my opinions--positive or otherwise--and all thoughts reflected in this review are solely my ownComfortable and nice lookingLove it! Material is soft and the wallet is cute and functionalThe quality of this shirt is great.  Fabric is nice and heavy.  Fit is long...very long.  I like longer tops, but this one is by far the longest t-shirt I have ever owned.  The scoop neck also scoops in the back which is pretty.Well made, elegant shoes.great shoes, love the priceGreatI bought this bra for my daughter who is 7 mos. pregnant because all her other bras didn't fit anymore. She loves it because it is pretty and feels great.Perfec!..loved itAccurate sizing. Durable and really cute! I used it on my nine month for the beach and it survived ocean dips and sand.Very nice, exactly what I expectedGreat shoes, thank you!!!Better than expected!Exactly as expected.It meet my expectations. I love itSuch nice fabric. Love the fiti love it great watch and waterproof
buy this guys you will love it tooLoved loved the leggings, however I do not feel that the sizing is accurate. I wear medium almost always and could barely squeeze into them. It may be that the material isn't very stretchy? Regardless, I returned them for a bigger size. Very cute!Dickies 874 original is the only work kaki pants I will buy now! I work in management for a grocery chain that demands a certain since of urgency and is equally physically demanding. These pants look great and professional. I've had these pants for 3 months and haven't had to buy or replace a single pair yet. I will be buying these again when the time comes. In my job we use wooden pallets and I commonly brush against throughout the day, along with metal or wooden shelving. Before buying Dickies I would have to buy pants every week or two like clockwork. Buy these pants and save money in the long run. They are extremely cheap for the quality and comfort they provide. Great job Dickies! Also they came way before the time Amazon estimated delivery. Gotta love Amazon Prime.Mom loved it.Slightly shorter then expected I usually wear 2/4 so ordered a 4. I think 6 would look too loose. Cute dress just a little short for work. I love the color Berry.This is a well made dress.  It flows nicely and the colors are beautiful just like the picture.  I highly recommend this dress.OK for the price, compact and easy to handle. Should be good for short snow and rain. Like to buy one moreI like this shoe and I keep on buying this same pair but there are getting harder to find. They wear well and are comfortable!I purchased the Cognac Hamilton in a size 9.5 3E and was happily surprised with the fit and quality of the shoes especially since I purchased a new pair for less than $44. From this perspective, this is a fantastic pair of shoes. I don't know why this model of shoes is retailing for $180 when one could get the Constable Cap Toe Ox with the same XL extralight outsoles plus the bonus of goodyear welts at a much lower price. At any rate, these shoes are light and flexible. Walking from Macy's Fashion Centre Pentagon City to the Pentagon is a breeze with these outsoles. No "crunched up" leather soles. I didn't find any noticeable cosmetic defects in these shoes. Even the box was in great shape. The removable footbed has a genuine leather top. I don't like the look of the seams on the inner side of the shoes but it isn't a show stopper, just curious for a $180 retail pair of shoes.Great slippers, however it is more silver than gold and would not suit what I was wearing so have to return. But a part from that its a lovely slipper would have definitely kept if it had went well with my outfit.Cute shoes but they are almost a wide fit.  And really deep.  I fastened the buckle on the smallest hole and it's almost big.  Shoes also have a 'real' buckle vs a 'fake' Velcro closure, which makes it difficult when you have a squirmy child...  But overall, I liked them!OK, I'll admit it, I have big feet. I usually wear a size 14 EEE shoe to be comfortable.  I had a hard time finding mocassins that fit, maybe their sizes just run small, I don't know.  Then I found these!  This most recent purchase replaces an older pair that I finally wore out.  and..  THEY FIT!!  Very comfortable and they fit.  Highly recommended...Fits well just wish the legs were slightly longer. My husband really liked the pin up girl style on me!I ordered this dress in Medium thinking that I had lost enough weight, my own fault, and I can get it zipped but it just fit a little snug. I am keeping it just because I love it so much that someday hopefully soon I will fit in this smaller size. I ordered a large so I can still wear it as planned to a wedding in July. :)Nice, pretty, durable. Though be warned this ring runs big. I bought a size 10 just like I always buy and it is big on me. I am going to have to find a way to make it fit more snugly so that I do not lose it. Just so you know.Cute, perfect for a friends birthday out!I love these shoes!Like the fit, color is very blue.Nice looking and comfortableLove these boots but the fur is wearing off.This product was great. The lace detailing is very nice and the fit is optimal. It would be flattering with most figures.Really love shoes. Very comfortable. Go with lots of items in wardrobe, dress and casual. Only complaint is delivery was delayed and customer service lacking when reacing out for assistance. Paid extra for expedited shipping. By the way was never reimbursed/credited for their error. Should have received expedited shipping fee returned. First time Amazon was not responsive to concerns. But, nothing is perfect all the time. Five star is for product only. Amazon delivery and customer service response earned 1 star. They can do much better!! Experienced much better, just not this time.i love it but i thought that the bodysuit was going to be like spandex but its actually cotton but its fine its still a great stapleMy son loves his spider man sandals. He never wants to take them off.Purchased for my son serving overseas. He told me they were just what he needed and confirmed the product description matched his experience.Adidas Mens Commander TD 4 Basketball Shoes in blue black and white is awesome. Its comfortable, easy to wear, gives me the exact fit I expect and gives me great support on my arches as I run and efficiency on court while doing my thing. So worth every cent I payed including shipping.My girlfriend loves it!love the design. Perfect for summer wear that may show a bra at times. THis is second bali bra I have bought that seems to be smaller than expected. WIll definitely order again in a cup up.These shoes are comfortable and really enjoy them.  The only cons I can say about this shoe is that they are a  slightly bigger than what I expected but not over-the-top big where I cannot wear them  comfortably.  I wish the cloudfoam was a little bit thicker also in the shoeyou wash it and it shrinks a full size, so don't panic if you see it too big when you open the package. The XL looks like a 2XL until you wash it, and then it becomes an XL. I assume it's the same with all sizes.good qualityThis dress is a bit skimpy but not overboard. It looks super good on and really serves its purpose, but there are a few drawbacks. For instance the material is very thin - it feels like cotton t shirt material and is on the sheer side. It is very stretchy, but I would suggest going up a size if you're curvy because the stretching enhances the sheerness. Also it is very short - I am 5'3" so no where near the tall side but this dress is still a little bit shorter than mid thigh. Because I'm curvy, it also rides up with movement.
I also ended up having to switch the dress around so that the low cut v was in the back because I have a larger bust. Overall this is a really nice dress, but I'm not sure it's worth $18 just for the quality of material that it is.My favorite socks. Very comfortable, fit well and non binding. My only complaint is they don't breathe that well and my feet get sweaty and thus why I did not give them 5 stars.Love ItThe armor fots well and it was delivered in a timely manner.I am petite so I'm used to getting clothes adjusted but this was exceptionally long and so were the sleeves. I will say that the product is very well made and of better material than I had expected so overall very satisfied!Cute little pouch for my coinsGood shoesglasses fit over my prescription ones. works fineVery attractive ring! Excellent quality. My finger tends to turn green when I wear fake rings, and I fell asleep wearing this ring and did not get a green finger in the morning, which is why I gave it a 5 star rating. Looks exactly like it does online!Fits fine.  Looks good.  Comfortable for aqua-fitness classes.  (BTW Not David Solie.  Denise Solie)Beautiful  love itI love the brand. I browsed Amazon and Olukai.com to check how the color would look. I ordered this boot in Dark Shadow, because Amazon had a really good price on them when I bought them. I thought it would be a dark brown, from top to bottom, like in the picture. Well, the pair I got is 2 colored! The foot and the cuff are dark brown, but the shaft is greyish-brown suede! Puzzled, I chatted with an Olukai.com sales person: The actual color vary depending on when they were made! But they still have the same name/description..! I guess I got last year's model...
So color labeling is a little misleading, but I will still keep them, because they are pretty and the price was right.I love these, they seem to be pretty hardy (though I've only worn them once). I would suggest ordering a size smaller than what you usually wear. I usually wear a 9.5-10, ordered a 9 and I have just enough room for my toes.I like this but wish it had a rubber foot. It tends to slide around on a smooth surface but is otherwise perfect and looks nice.I love these shoes. They are the most comfortable shoes I've owned in a very long time. The one side note is that I bought them a half size bigger than I normally do. This allows my wide foot more room, but it did not sacrifice a lot of length, so my foot does not slide back and forth.

I highly recommend these shoes as I am normally just walking in these and do not run much. Although, I started running and ran the mile in them and they were absolutely comfortable. No complaints here with a huge recommendation.GoodJust got it so time will tell. So far it works as it's supposed to. Very quite, my old winder you could hear in the next room.daughter loves them.  Quality if fine; consider the $$$ spending...lol.  We bought Lg-Xl because they're snug; but that's what leggings are for!!Can't wait to wear it when I pick up my new (special ordered!) Mercedes Benz AMG C43 in February 2017!!!!!Great indoor soccer and all around shoes for boys or girls!It is a beautiful dress. I wish it fit. The inner lining has no stretch to it and is about 2 sizes smaller than the actual dress. This made it so I could not wear the dress. Otherwise it is beautiful and well made. The detail is very nice. I was sad that it did not work.These shorts arrived very quickly. They are comfortable and seem to be well made. The little pocket on the side is perfect for your phone or golf tees. The only issue is they do run a little big, but I guess that is what belts are for.My wife loves these shoes !!The product is very good, has great quality, everyone will be very pleased, good spaces with good dividers, recommend to everyone!I bought this for my mother after she lost her mother ring She'd had for 20 years. She absolutely loved it. I'm definitely happy it came out exactly the way I wanted.loveExactly the same band for my needYou just have to order a size larger than normal and then you will have a beautiful, well made, and cleverly different pair of clogs!Perfect it was just want my dad was looking for and couldn't find in the storesGreat! Fits very good!i like the costumer service they do their best to solve the problem  if its happened , the guilty was good and the color was really unique  the things its run small in my upper legs, so just make sure is bigger size if you wants to order the itemShoes were true to size for me. Very good looking shoe for casual wear. Had some good comments on how nice they look. Very well made and sort of a heavy shoe. Very comfortable shoe except for the back where it rubbed me raw but a band-aide took care of the problem. I just need to break them in some more.Nice work shoe.Glasses are excellent quality. Fit very well for my wife.I did not notice when I ordered these that they were a W width, that I normally do not buy. I put in my own insole, something I do regularly anyway, and then they fit fine. Nice neutral color that goes with a lot of outfits.Not fancy but they work well and you can't beat the price.Second pair I've bought. Love the color, fit, and support. I had horrible shin splints for months, had to go to physical therapy, take medicine for severe inflammation, and stop running for a while. These shoes really helped me recover. The more I wore them the better my shins felt, and now I can run again.  I do long distance running as well and they've held up very well.It is a little tight, so make sure you measure before purchase.  I opened it up to the Max, and it fit me just right.  Beside the sizing problem.  it works perfectly.  My shirt is still tugging in nicely at the end of the day.Nice jean, fits as expected, made in Nicaragua, I like it.
My advice is that you can buy with confidence.I really liked the product that I recieved! It was a very nice size and the colors were truely what I was looking for!All I expected.Very niceGreat product so far. Came almost exactly as pictured. The stone was a little less detailed than pictured, but about what I expected. Fits great. Good product.I think I'm on my 4th or 5th pair of these, in one color way or another. Great shoes, and guilt free. Very comfortable and good for whatever you find yourself doing in a day. They last a few months even being worn every day while working on my feet, walking/hiking with my pup, and reminding myself I'm getting too old at hardcore shows. They can wear heavily by that time, but you can't beat the price range they're usually found at ($35-42). Highly recommended.I purchased this necklace for my nautical themed maternity pictures. It is an excellent addition to my collection.I love the loose feeling of this shirt. The arm holes are quite large, but I just wear it with an exercise bra. When I lift my arms up,it exposes the bra band just a little and that's it. My side skin doesn't show. In the front, it drops down enough to show the top part of the exercise bra. Its low cut, especially since I got the large. I really love the train in the back. That's what really attracted me to this shirt. The train comes down in a V-shape and covers my derriere. I typically wear an 8-10, so someone that is in that size range may want to get a medium if you want it to be more fitting. Because it fits loose on me, I wear it for exercising and yoga. Love the breathable fabric and the bright color! The fabric is thin, but isn't see through. Since the fabric is loose and thin, the arm holes are large and the neckline scoops low,  I would recommend wearing it for exercise/yoga. That's what I used it for and it was perfect!
I received this product at a discount in exchange for my unbiased, honest review.ExcellentBest sandles I've ever owned!!!It don't look exactly like the picture But still pretty good.THESE ARIAT ROPER BOOTS ARE NOW MY NEW FAVORITE BOOTS . ONCE I PUT THEM ON THEY FELT LIKE THEY WERE MEANT EXACTLY FOR MY FEET . NICE BROWN DISTRESSED IN COLOR . LOOK GREAT WITH A PAIR OF STRAIGHT LEG JEANS . (Not boot cut-- they are for my  Square Toe boots). Great price and they were here pretty fast ( about 4/5 days ). Not bad at all for FREE SHIPPING !! Thank You for an A PLUS / 5 STAR TRANSACTION AMAZON .Ordered this for a friend, 5ft 6, 135ish, ordered a large and fit perfectlytoo snug to insert a warm insole-have ordered a size 10--Rolls down in the back a little but otherwise fits great! Bought to go under white pants, and it will do the job perfectly.Love this.  Only issue is the pockets keep inverting out.  Very comfy!The cloth is a bit thiner than I had expected.Really nice! Excellent quality for the money. Also, came in a very nice box. My wife loves then. Nice stones and solid mounting.Perfect fit  excellent quality like the foldable idea , good value tooAwesome shoos at a great price!!!! I wish i would have gotten two pairs!!Amazing ring! I get a lot of complements on it.I love these. Bought three colors (black, cognac, saddle). A lot of other women in my office own these and my podiatrist recommends these as their toe boxes are very spacious and there's ample arch support.

Worth every penny. One of the boots arrived with the insole constantly lifting up (made annoying clicking noises constantly) and return service was very easy and prompt. Of course, I repurchased another pair, because I wear these boots every day!I think this postpartum belt system def helped prevent diasis recti. And get my stomach back down. Still have a lot of work to do but the support was great for walks with the babes. I am three months post now and have stopped wearing it because I think I wore too much cause the Velcro has kinda goften curled on the ends..Good product and suitable price
Shipping speed excellentI like this tie. The print looks good and it is of high quality. The only thing I dislike is that the photo is printed on a cotton fabric. I should've looked at the description first (my mistake). However in the photo the item appeared to be printed on a satin fabric, which if it had, it wound have looked even better (IMO). All in all its a great tie and it'll still look good when worn, so I'm keeping it.This is the only brand of running shoe I am able to actually run in. Never bought shoes online  but couldn't find them in the store.  Still have to break them in but don't see any problem.Bought this as a birthday present for my best friend - and with Prime shipping, it arrived on time for his birthday. He said he loved the watch and he wears it every day. Item is as described, I'm very happy with this purchase.Nice equality.  Smooth dark brown outside with good closing, secure and compact.Nice color.  I paid WAAAAY too much for shipping.  But my husband likes it.Pretty nice costume with mask, gloves, and jumpsuit. My son is about 5'2" and 100lbs and he is at the top of the fit for the large. it looks good and I think its going to be a hit at the party. The eyes on the mask need to be a bit larger would be my only complaint.There ok for the moneyGreat shoe.  Exactly what I expected.Love the colorsWas a secondary gift for my wife, paired with some boots I also ordered from Amazon...watch is different and unique from others she has already. Great deal and used locker delivery option which is located where I work. Value and ease, will use again soon.not very nice, in fact looks cheap, but very comfortable to be at homeWas hoping for more pockets, but this forces me to keep my load light. It's bright magenta is easy to spot, and I like the airy material and shoulder stap and stap handles. It does have 2 outside pockets for keys and one small inside pocket.  Knocked off a star for less pockets inside bag. Otherwise it's a very nice gym bag.It was delivered late, but I like it and it's cheap.The straps are a little longGood hatComfortable shoes and fit perfectly.very nice for my son, lovely and comfortable, i recommend it and buy at amazon is secure and very quicklyI can wear these shoes all day around the office and on smooth surfaces. Not much padding in the front, but the heel is sturdy and makes walking a breeze. It has become my go to shoes especially on dress down days when I don't want to wear flats. I wear 7.5 medium and it fits as required without any breaking in.Very comfortable! Got them and have been wearing them plenty since I received them. Its also cold at the moment where I am and find them warm for the cold weather and breathable for warmer weather.I bought these socks too wear with my booties, and they work perfect. They came in a pack of 3 colors. Pink, purple, and black. They fit great, and they stay up. I didn't have to pull them up once.
Upon receiving them however the pink pair of socks had the seam strings poking out. Other than that these socks are great.Very nice boots<div id="video-block-R9C1XIJWG990T" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/81zhr5vXxaS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91SEjn-RZ4S.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;Love it. Only complaint is it won't stay open but I can look past that. Easy to "put together"; all you have to do is screw on door hangers and insert batteries!<div id="video-block-R37TKCHMNSIUIF" class="a-section a-spacing-small a-spacing-top-mini video-block"></div><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/C1jHV6oLefS.mp4" class="video-url"><input type="hidden" name="" value="https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/91aJIvFEMXS.png" class="video-slate-img-url">&nbsp;I do like this sandal, I'm just not sure I'm going to keep it.  First off, I will say the only thing I don't like about it is the material feels a little "fake" and I think it would be hard to clean if it got dirty.  What do I like about it though?
1. Comfy, I tried them on and only felt a little tightness in my toes, I like that they fit my narrow feet fairly well
2. Great price
3. Pretty heel and not too high (I think it's 3 inches)
4. Cute design, I like any kind of sandal that is in the realm of gladiator sandals....these fit the bill
5. I like buckels on shoes because my feet run narrow and you can make these tighter
6. They have rubber soles, while they do make some noise while walking, overall they are quiet.
I will decide tomorrow if I keep these shoes (as in can I justify buying them and will I wear them?) overall? Really cute shoe!great for the winters we are starting to have again. high enough to meet coat and keep legs warm. wouldn't recommend long hikes, but great car boots! can't stand winter anymore, but they will be ready for the 2nd season.Compact and functional.Good  quality  and  god lookslook goodThanksI had five bridesmaids order this dress and it does not fit one of them perfectly. Getting alterations is fine for us,  but the sizing chart does not match what you should really order. Beautiful dresses though and I'm excited to see everyone in them on the big day.great braFit is a bit large since Im a 7/1/2.  But great comfort.!!!!keep my legs from feeling fatigue as I am on them all day on a hard floor at work.Great!!It is very cute, I can't wait for colder temps so I can wear this.  Looks great with jeans or jeggings- NOT a dress- unless you are under 5'2"!Bought this for my sons second birthday and it fit great and looked so good.A wonderful gesture of love and friendship piece to someone special.
I would recommend to anyone that want to say I love you and it shows.Super minimal coverage and definitely not for larger chested ladies, but very cute and cheeky if you're on the smaller side. They aren't joking with the name! Its tiny. Im a 32b and I bought the medium but easily could have fit a large.Comfortable. Fit as expected. Great purchaseThe body briefer was very nice especially for the price. The bottom stayed in place and did not ride up.  Made my clothes look nice and smooth.  The  only issue is that it didn't have enough "firm" support that I was hoping for.  However, it was comfortable and would be great for an "every day" shaper.This is the gift for my friend's kid, she love it , still wearing now.Cute shorts, good quality material which is nice and thick for shorts and soft.  The gold in the pattern really is sparkly, but doesn't seem like it will rub off.Writing for my husband.. The shoes fit well after tightening the laces. They are comfortable after changing the insoles. What sets them apart from others is how well they are holding up! He wears them for work as he is required to wear steel toes but doesn't like the typical boots. He works for a food delivery service so he is climbing in and out of a tractor trailer ALL day, up and down a ramp. He is constantly spilling things and walking through gravel and uneven surfaces. He went through two pairs of the same brand, but more expensive different shoe, in a year. They were full of holes and the soles were coming off after 6 months! He's had these for 2 months and, besides looking a little dirty, they look new! No signs of wear or tear.
He doesn't like the orange in person and will go with another color once it's time for a new pair.so soThe vanity fair illumination front close (38B) is very comfortable. I bought one and then ordered a second because of the fit and ease of the front close.UPDATE 12/29/17: So about the fit being too tight, I ran these under some hot water so I could loosen them up, and after doing so, I managed to squeeze in my bars and it fits rather well, and feels nice on the wrist.

It's a huge letdown. I was so stoked to get this strap. I unboxed it, and was pretty taken back by the quality; the quality of the strap is pretty darn good at this price point. I go to try this thing on, but much to my surprise, my watch's spring bars did not fit the strap! I noticed that within the strap is what appears to be a tubular piece of plastic, which narrows the holes quite a bit. They were ever so kind to include a pair of spring bars with the strap, but THOSE are horrible and would not trust them to keep my watch on my wrist. The bars have a snug fit, but even though they're for 20mm lug-width watches, they don't fit either of my watches properly, so I couldn't utilize them even if I wanted to.
All in all, the strap material is of good quality, but completely useless to me due to the spring bar holes being too tight on the strap.The dress is beautiful, but not exactly the same as the picture. For example, the zipper in the back doesn't has those beautiful round buttons. The sleeves are big, but for the price is a beautiful Dress. Probably if you"re a large 12 should order a size less.I wouldn't walk a mile in them - but for the price they are cute. They do run a little bit small and I don't know that the material will stretch at all in terms of being slightly tight - but not a bad sandal. Arch isn't too high from from front platform to heel - about a 2 1/2" difference.Ecco are by far the most comfortable shoe you can buy.  They are light, durable, flexible and do well and keep you dry in bad weather. I am on my feet at ork 12-16 hours a day.  Wouldn't wear any other dress shoe.Cute shoes, fit wellDurable...husband uses it for gym items...roomyThis bracelet is elegant, sophisticated, and well worth the price.  It is truly economical.  If you are looking for a classy, traditional piece, you have found it.  Then again, I've seen pearls work in eclectic arrangements.  I love it, and it fits my small wrists!i bought this for my 2 year old and he looks absolutlely dapper in it. good quality and has been through several washes without any sign of wear. i have since purchased 2 other similar sets and both my son and me love them.Great jacket ! Like the one I wore as a Navy Aircrewman . The only reason I took off 1 star is that the zipper is on the wrong side . The part you tug is on the left instead of on the right . That was the only flaw .This is a great hat!  If only the headband inside was a little bit looser.  My 2 yr old grandson has trouble keeping it on his head.  It "pops" off!Great vest!very warm and well madeLove them. Built well, should last me for years!Love these shoes so much, I reordered a second pair! I ordered them on a whim.. thought they were cute.. was sure they would be uncomfortable. I was wrong.. very comfortable.. I sometimes have them on for 10-12 hours a day! And I get multiple compliments every time I wear them!The Best.  Period.
Good arch support.  I wear 5.5 - 6 and the 6 fit prefect.  They have enough wiggle room in the toe box yes it fits snug around my foot.  They have a  textured tab at the top of the boot to help pull them on and another tab at the heel to help kick your boots off at the end of the day.  Very well designed.I love the dress.  The quality of material is nice.  It is nice sized as expected but I would get a smaller size to wear.love itI bought a kids 5.5 to fit my womans 7 ( always) foot and it was perfect. Kids sizes so much cheaper.AAA+++Love this tote has plenty of storage - very study straps!  Love the color!Cute shoe but runs smallLook good!Cute, fits loose, easy care: wash in cold. Too low cut for me so I sewed two halves together and ruched it.They are very comfy my daughter had a slight pain in the back side of the shoes but i got her thick socks for a while until the shoes adjusted on her feet now she says she wants another one just the sameI love this seaker!  Worth every penny.  Yes, there is a rise in the insole, but it's there to provide support.  I've never found a more comfortable, supportive, and stylish sneaker.  I was in Paris earlier this year (9/2014) and everyone was wearing sneakers like this.  This particular pair is very vintage looking.  I felt so happy when I found it in a local high-end shoe store, here in Rochester, New York.I liked these shoes.  However, I had to return them as they were too big.  I always wear a size 8 in Sketcher shoes.  For some reason, I was walking out of these.  Very disappointed.I love this charm. It fits my Pandora bracelet perfectly and it sparkles and shines beautifully.It's so niceBeautiful necklace i love itLove the look of this shoe good price but they gave me a blister at my heel! Cant wear these at work all day !That's the reason I gave only four stars instead of five!I wanted a shoe for my gravel bike that had road shoe stiffness, yet was comfortable for a short walk off the bike as well.  This shoe met my expectations. I wear a size twelve and size 46 is maybe a tad long. 46 in Sidi is a tad too short and 46 in pearl izum is just right for comparison.Feels great. Havnt put any miles on them yet but it looks good too.These are great they have held up and are comfyReally Comfortable Shoes !!!!This dress is very cute.  The beard of Santa will need to be pressed because it is a little bunched up but that's due to the way the product is wrapped.  It is a different kind of dress so I would buy it again.  I just didn't give it five starts because the material is the best quality.Beautiful earring.  Much more so than the pictures.  Great quality too  Which is hard to find in clip earrings.Wow, nice.  Perfect size and well made.  Very comfortable over the shoulder.  Enough organization for my needs inside.  Very happy.YesGreat shoe!Arch support could be better. But all around an excellent shoe. This is my third pair.My finicky husband loves this shirt! He has very sun-sensitive skin and often goes through several bottles of sunscreen each summer. Wearing this shirt drastically reduced his sunscreen consumption and will definitely be paying for itself. I have to say, I also found it to be a very flattering fit on him as it wasn't a compression shirt but still sat well in the right places.If it fit as expected it would have been 5 stars. They are very comfy but from the reviews i ordered a size 6 because I usually wear 7, but I think it should have been 5 or 51/2 for a perfect fitPerfect and very comfyIf you love TOMS you won't be disappointed. Color is good and detailing adds some fun.Beautiful dress but I feel runs on the small side.  I am having it altered because it a great material and my daughter loves it.If I could give more than a 5 star I would, I'm in love with these rings they are absolutely more than I could have wished for. They even came almost a week early!!! If ur not sure, I soooooo would.The stone is a very light green, and it kind of looks like glass from an old coke bottle.  Don't get me wrong, I think it is very pretty, and I got lots of compliments on it.  I knocked a star of my rating because I think the sizing of my ring was a little off.  I ordered a size 6 (and it was marked as a 6), but it fit loose on my hand. I think it is closer to a size 7.This is a nice, smooth shoe horn.  I needed another as I keep one wherever I keep my shoes.My daughter loved it. It was a true fit.These shoes exceeded my expectation.  I can walk in these shoes all day!  Very pretty shoes!  All of the Volatile shoes that I have purchased have made my feet happy with style and comfort!!  Love these shoes!GoodLove these leggings so much! Just don't put them in the dryer.I LIKE THIS WATCH. TO MANY STONES SURROUNDING THE FACE.The fit is really nice. Will buy this brand I the futureI love these bootsthis is the second pair I have bought. they are comfortable jeans. I bought the 'boyfriend' ones as well but I preferred these. you have more shape in these.
I do wish the waist was a bit higher but they are ok as is.i cannot find pants to fit me length wise ! but one of the best fitting jean is always a fit otherwise ! i will always tell people the fit of levi's is wonderful !!Love it. Am totally pleased.This dress is gorgeous - I was so excited when I took it out of the box. That excitement quickly turned into sadness however - I ordered a size 3, which is supposedly a woman's size 6-8. I could not bring the hook and eye even close together, let alone zip it. Sadly I had to return it the same day it arrived. So bummed, I love it, the sizing seems way off. So disappointed, wanted to take with me on vacation!Arm holes are bigger than I thought they would be. My husband prefers a smaller arm hole opening but this will work okay. Color is exactly how it showed in the picture.Beautiful and perfect fit.  Thanks!!!Great looking hatAdorable as expected!A bit uncomfortable as its not super stretchy, but gives a nice lift.it is really a US extra small because of the slim fit of it, too bad bc it really looks greatGreat bra, looks sexy but provides plenty of coverage. True to size too, which is a relief when ordering online.Quality very good...color a little blah blah...like I said these are not show stoppers...good to play a park and get rough in...looks good with skinny jeans and nice fit but have purchased better at same price...thats why giving only 4 star ratingI have purchased several Futuro hose.  They are as good as the name brands costing  $65 +.This is a good quality wallet for the price.  The leather is soft and supple and the design of the wallet is satisfying, with slots and pockets for separating cards, cash, pictures, receipts, change, etc.  My only complaint and the reason why I am giving it 4 rather than 5 stars is because the cards slots are very tight.  If you expect to try to fit 2 cards in per slot, you won't be able to, even with one card per slot I sometimes struggle to pull the card out quickly.  I happen to have a lot of cards, and in my previous wallet, I was able to double up 2 cards per slot, but since I can't with this wallet, I have to carry a separate card purse instead.  Besides that, I do like this wallet.  It is quite stylish!Despite it insane height, they are very comfortable to stand in, as long as you are good at balancing and standing on flat firm ground.  Just be aware, the glue hold the straps together will get weak if you get them wet, that's why I deducted one star from it.great shoesVery durable. My last sandal was a 9, and it was a bit small so I thought I'll for a size 10 (no half sizes), but a 10 was a bit largeI love these shoes but better yet my daughter loves these shoes. My daughter has a pretty narrow foot but the adjustable velcro strap really help secure her feet in her shoes. The arch support is also phenomenal.  My daughter has pronated feet and the support is helping correct them. Aside from the functional pluses are how darn cute they are.  The navy blue makes them perfect for her to wear with her school uniforms and the sweet birds make her the envy of all her friends.Trendy style. Had to get the length adjusted but I get so many compliments on these.I used it as a prop on my skeleton.  Skeleton liked it after I cut down the sleeves to fit.Perfectlove it, this fabric feels almost like the lularoe leggings- soft & so stretchy. Will absolutely order more.  I ordered a size up bc people mentioned it was tight, but the arm holes are a bit big.  It didn't shrink either.  Now I want more and am debating between a small and a medium.  for reference I'm 5'5 and about 130-135lbs, carry my curves in my hips and butt.Keen are well designed and are excellent quality shoes. The laces even have a waved feature to hold the knot better.Great shirt.  It is funny and perfect for summer.I got what I was looking for... Ok qualityI would NOT recommend these pants for anyone who is going to wear them for labor purposes LOL. They are perfect for fashionable looks and simple styles. They are pretty comfy pants and look super cute. I'm 5'4 and weigh 128lbs and the small fits nicely with the slight baggy look I was going for.niceawesomeGreat price!  I think that the fashionable, mixed metal on the dark watch face is a great look for any outfit or complexion.  Also, I like a watch face that is easy to read(both time and date is very quickly legible).  *Plus: The hands and 12 o'clock mark glow in the dark.
Only thing making this a 4(should be a 4.5)The band has become worn from resting hand/wrist on desks/tables over the course of a year, but I can understand that for the steal price I got.  Incredible deal here on Amazon, compared to Macy's.Very soft, did not shrink much and holds up wellI ordered a custom fit for my 5' 8" teen daughter and the top and waist fit great. Nice and flowy. However, rather than being floor length, it drags the floor by 5 - 6 inches (designed for very high heels?). Since my daughter's wearing flats, she'll be heading to a seamstress to have it hemmed to floor length. Also, the "pink" color in the site image looked more of a coral color, and that's what she was hoping for, but it came more of a bright pink. Pretty, but not what she expected.Loved the shirt!This is third pair, 1st awesome fit and support, second pair did not fit or support very well.  Second pair made with material other than mesh.  Third pair as great as 1st, still have first pair shoes to work in yard disputes holes in material because they are still that comfortable.Definitely worth what I paid.  They fit prefect.  Not to light to where they will not hold up but not to heavyAfter reading the reviews, I am glad I ordered a half a size up. Especially for the patent finish I can see how they could be snug. I got the nude in a 9. Normally wear an 8 or 8.5. Fits perfectly. A little rough on the back of the heel, but no blister has formed and I imagine that'll go away after some wear. Cute look.fun costumeThe case that I ordered, not only does it serves it purpose but looks very nice as well. Well worth what I paid for the item.This is a super cute little coin purse/ makeup bag. I am giving to a friend as a gift and hopefully she will like it. It is pretty small for a wallet, but you could fit a couple cards and a lipstick in there. I could see using it as a wristlet for going out or just to keep organized in your purse. It is smaller than what I imagined, but that was in the description so I didn't remove any stars for that. I have a tote bag by Bungalow360 and it has held up very well so I imagine this will too. The inside is very cute with polka dots.

I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.Good though.It fits well and i was so scared that it wasn't gonna fit. I'm 5'9 and 160 lb. The only problem is that the is an air gap where the curve in my back but beside that it will fit a curvy lady ( size36 D and Size 11 pants). It better than getting the halloween cat suits i recommended this cute cat suit.I was looking for the perfect gift for a friend of mine who had a little girl. I was looking for something like these when my daughter was little but I was not a big online shopper back then and I could never find these in stores. I think they are so adorable! The frillies on the bottom are too cute for words!!! I love the colors. It is the basic girl colors and should go whit any outfit it is paired with. They flow together nicely! I was a bit concerned that these would cut off the circulation in the leg parts but that was not the case at all! They were snug but extremely tight. Her baby is about 16 months old and a bit on the chubbier side. I know every baby is different and some are chubbier than others but I am thinking depending on the chubbiness that these could go up to 18 months in size. They held up in the wash great too which is an A+ in my book. I hate getting things I love and then having them fall apart in the wash is just heartbreaking! They come individually wrapped by pairs and then all together in a larger bag. They would make great baby gifts. Just pair them with a cute outfit, put in a clothing gift box and Voila! A beautiful gift that the mom will sure love! My friend sure does! It was a great gift! I totally recommend this product!!!

 I received this product for a discount in exchange for my honest unbiased review.The ring is just as beautiful in person as it was in the illustration. My new husband was very happy to receive it.The shoes are true to size. I love them!My kiddos, 6 and 1, play with this wand every day multiple times a day.  It arrived sooner than stated and true to the picture.  We've had it for just over six weeks without problems and without changing the batteries!!  It is light, and probably very cheap to make but they enjoy the heck out of it so I cannot complain!!nice  !!!!!they are some what on the narrow side thats why i did.not gave them 5 stars they are still really nice boots if you have a wide foot they are not for youI've bought these shoes twice now for working during last summer and this summer at my restaurant job that requires (mostly) white shoes. These shoes are very comfortable, lightweight, and look great! The first pair I bought lasted the entirety of last summer working 12 hours straight on some occasions. Never felt any major foot pain while wearing these shoes. Bought another pair for this summer to use due to wear and tear from heavy use on the last pair.

Only complaint on the second pair I bought is that it feels a bit small, and might require some breaking in before it gets to be the perfect fit.Just what I thought it would be only better!
The quality is unbelievable. My friends keep asking were I found it.This is one of those lounge around the house, I have the fuzziest flannel ever shirts that is just great on a cold day. That being said I didn't expect this kind of fabric consistency when I purchased the shirt. I still enjoy it, however I do not recommend it on wet days or warm days because it will make you sweat more. Quality is outstanding however.Love these shoes. Run slightly big, maybe could have gone down half a size.I was really pleased with these shoes.  They fit comfortable and have fun color.  I look forward to wearing them this spring and summer.very goodThe stone in the one I was sent is considerably darker than the one pictured. But that's not a big deal for me. I wear mine every day and like it fine considering the little $ I shelled out.Brought everyone is my home a RFID blocking wallet. Purchased this one for my daughter and she says  "I  LIKE it" She is hard to please. So Thanks!The purse is more like a wallet. It can only hold your phone and some cash. there is a bigger version that is probably as big as a purse but it costs almost 15 dollars more than this and it doesn't seem worth it for the quality. Still really cute.My wife said this cover is nice and fits as expected.I purchased this tee before the credits started rolling on the movie Rad.  My husband became a kid again as we watched, and I was thrilled to find this tee on Amazon.  It is a match for the tees Cru and the Rad Racing team make up during the movie.  Great gift!great shirtsNice weight.Excellent watch very happy.  I have a large wrist so it's just tad tight but, it's not uncomfortable.  It seems to be stretching.Had to return. I wear a 10.5 and ordered an 11 and it was too small so I returned themJust what I wantedGood wallet holds everything plus what I needVery comfortable.  I went from sleeping in boxers, then sans clothing and I like this the best.Very comfortableGreat feeling shirt but sizes run a tad large. Fits decently on me!The shoe is as expected, although a little more mushroom colored than the gray I was expecting, and there was no extra pair of black laces even if it clearly stated that there would be. So, the price was good and the shoe fits, but the lack of the "extras" lost it one star in my estimation.Wife loves it, fits well.I have an older pair of these that have lasted 10+ years and are still in excellent condition and I wear them regularly. You cannot go wrong with Thorlo socks.My husband loves these for slipping on and going outside.Love the way the skirt hangs & feels!!!  Sadly, the tag they sew in it was sewn half to the underside & half to the topside. Of course, the tag was white & was VERY noticeable...it also shines through the gauzy skirt.  In trying to remedy the problem, I ended up with a small tear!!!  On top of that, I am beginning to see strings hanging that seem to come from nowhere & I haven't been wearing it that long!!!  I keep waiting to see where the hole appears because loose, hanging strings usually leads to holes!!! It is spattered with little black sequins which have begun to fall off. The lace around the bottom tier is somewhat delicate & it doesn't appear that it will last for every long.  Oh yes, I haven't even washed it yet!!!

Now, once it has been washed; & IF it holds up better than expected, I will be back to update!!!Great shirt. The print quality was good and didn't feel "cheap", like some custom print shop tees do. The fabric is also nice and soft. I wish it was tagless though.These allowed me to keep up my running schedule during all of the recent east coast snow. They don't achieve a perfect fit, though. I wear a women's size 8 so I bought the small, but there's some extra play on the running surface. I suggest they make a third size to achieve a more perfect fit and eliminate the possibility of slipping.Would have bought smaller one, but was affraid to get too small size. Bigger is better. No worries, will fit in couple of months.i love this skirt. its flattering and easy to wear with anything.I love it cant wait for winter.100%. Thank you.Love them and they're surprising comfortable!Fantastic classic rock shirt to relive days past. Great quality and reasonably priced. Prompt delivery, too. Well worth the purchase!Love the vivid colors.  Love the size.  Only has two pockets inside, but still love it.  I will be looking for other retired Demi Purses I like it so well.These shoes fit my granddaughter very well. and they looked super cute on her for Easter.  They matched her dress perfectly, which was a pale pink.  The only reservation I had with them is they got grass stains on the tips the first time she wore them.  That could very well be her fault rather than the fault of the shoes.  They're definitely not for play.  I used a bit of alcohol and a Qtip to clean them, and that worked.Material is thin and there was a small rip in a seam but it was the perfect costume for my daughters program at school at a very affordable price. I stitched the rip and steamed the robe and it looked great!A little large although good fabricThey make you feel like Don Draper from Mad Men since these are the same style glasses he wears in the show. Randolph Engineering makes the glasses in the show but you cannot tell a difference between these and RE glasses and you're going to pay $50-$120 more depending on the lens options for the RE glasses. So why pay extra? The only complaint I have is there isn't a polarize lens option. Great Buy!Some of the reviews said to buy a size smaller because they run big BUT I purchased my size (10) and they fit great. Cute. Comfortable.I like the boot when I reorder I'll make it a 1/2 size smallerJust wish I could find more like it.The overalls fit perfect and seem to be great quality. Only confusion is the title mentions that they are leather (even though from the picture I knew they didn't have any leather, so that was misleading)Fit well. Not too narrow in the forefoot. Good traction. I was able to get about 350 miles on a previous pair before I started getting knee pain.The band fits great. The cups are a little smaller then I like but it works. The crisscross design on the back stays is place nicly, no ridding up! Other than the fact they were too small and my Son wears a large in all other pants/shorts.  They  seemed to be well made.  Only thing is my printer is broken and I have no way to print a return label.good pants for the moneyVery sturdy for small kidsFirst time I ordered stockings from Amazon. What a surprise! Great quality and unique design! They fit great, stay up and yet do not bulge. Highly recommended!Love these caps I have several of them, all colors for warm weather and cold weatherI am very happy that I am able to purchase replacement lenses for my Oakley's at a fairly reasonable price.  All in all, they work well, and I am quite happy with them.  The only issue I have with them is they are a little small for the frame.  They haven't fallen out yet (on their own), but they move around in the space more than I feel comfortable with.thinner thighs than expected, but i love the pants.Need to buy 0.5 size larger as the shoe is narrowCame on time nothing wrong with it love the product, fast and prompted protected well. Box was perfect size for item, easy to openBought this for my son for a Wizard of OZ themed Halloween party.  The outfit works pretty well and the quality I would consider to be quite good and durable.  The only issue we had was with the hat which is foam backed fabric and didin't hit tightly around his head so the slick material would often slide forward over his eyes so he ended up taking it off.  I would recommend this costume but if the hat isn't a tight fit and a lot of walking will happen while wearing the costume see about finding an alternative headpiece or maybe alter it is some way to make it tighter.I chose this suit because I've been after a white suit for such a long time and had trouble finding one. It fit me very well and was packed very well for shipping. Not one problem with it, I'm one very happy person and just love it.Good quality product but a little bit smaller according to my other Skechers. It is not problem for me because I tried it before at the shop and bought half number bigger one instead of standart number.This is a very comfortable shirt and it fits absolutely perfectly. It has gone through several washes and the lettering is still impeccable which is a great sign.just what i wantedThe strands are way too long and the size runs normal.  No need to order a size bigger! It's sexy and stretchy.  I love it!My daughterin law loved these. Peridot is her birthstone. They are very pretty but they did not come with any information about them. It did not say they were sterling silver or anything about the stone. They seem a good value however.Like itShoes look great and fit well.Fit well. My son wears it and he's a picky teenager so mission accomplished!My daughter and I have these in beige color and love them.  The price is much better than stores and would definitely buy more in other colors at a later date.Perfect fitI loved it!I love the dress. It's just as cute as in the picture. The reason why it gets 4 stars is just because it's tight around the boob area and I'm just a B cup. Aside from that I love the dress but is not a good pick for women who have big boobs.These dresses wear well, travel well, wash well and last almost forever. I bought this to replace another dress I'd gotten about a decade ago from the same manufacturer. I am not disappointed in the least! Wonderful!!This hat is greatMy daughter loves it!My son ordered this jacked and he loves it!  it also came sooner than expected so he was even more excited about that!  Also wanted to say that even though this jacket was ordered in a 3X, my son is 5'11" and about 155 pounds.  Skinny and tall.  Usually wears an adult L or XL in US sizes for sleeve length.What can you say about Levi's? Love wearing them.came damaged with the lettering smudged on front :(AWESOME IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT!! Just got my first pair and I LOVE them! At work, I lift, pull, twist, bend....never had to adjust these once! Definitely getting more!!I am so glad that I bought this dress,I was kind of worried because I am so tall. I am five foot eight and I was afraid it would not be long enough! The United states size chart is so different from the foreign markets and usually women are not that tall! The dress fits and flows so beautifully! I can wear this dress with kitten heels! I am thrilled. Usually I wear a size 4 in United states but extra long and I got the large size and you can tell by the pictures it fits perfect! The top of the dress is a soft jersey feeling material,very comfortable. The skirt part of the dress feels like a high quality cotton! The dress is made out of ninety five percent polyester and five percent spandex which I love,spandex helps keep the dress in shape for a very long time! My husband loves it and so do I.Not tight anywhere,my arms are very comfortable. I really like the summer colors in the dress. We are hot and humid in my area and the dress is nice and cool and can be worn day or night. The workmanship is wonderful,not a thread out of place! I love the style and the two small pockets are really fun and stylish! Plus it is so easy to care for. I just washed it in a lingerie bag in cold water and I did let it air dry and then I took a small hand steamer to it! Came out Wonderful! Highly recommend this summer dress! Thank you for the discount for my honest opinion.I scoured the sizing chart and even measured myself out at home. This shirt has an excellent build, feels smooth. However, it is just the tiniest bit too small.They are beautiful...a tad larger than expected...but they don't do half sizes. Arrived very quicklyThe pants were supposed to have a 29 inch inseam, but they have a 30 inch inseam instead, so will have to be shortened.These shoes look great! A little too tight when they first arrive and will cut off circulation unless you loosen up the strings. Always been a fan of the retro style New Balances, The style looks great and I would recommend them to anyone.Can't believe I paid over $40 for these and then another $10 for shipping. They are what I need, as house slippers...although the pile lining is not top of the line. Actually, no lining, just leather inside should be better, BUT seems the laces on leather only ones cut into your feet at the front. And also they have a sizing problem. Got these one size larger than I would normally get, but as a slipper, tightness on your feet is not needed, as normally, it would be best. They fit perfectly for me, a tiny bit loose, but easy to slip on & stay on while walking. Do not recommend most people get other than their normal size. As with ALL moccasins, the leather ties keep coming loose --cannot tighten loops...that's how leather works !  These would be top-rated if they were like $20. These are what I expected but quite overpriced. Just hard for me to find moccasins locally, at any price. Glad I took a chance on these...would NOT re-order at this price, though, unless can't find something this good at lower price. No knowledge of older Minnetonka moccasins, but understand their good quality has disappeared. Made in foreign country now ! I do find the quality reasonable.These are really nice pants, fit is great. I like the cargo pockets were made discreet. Would be great if they came in more color choices. But still the price is worth it.Little bigger than I expected but I think that's my faul .  I ordered too bigLove the mask well worth the money. Its going to look great on Halloween. I would highly recommend ordering from these guysChromed out! Love itcomfortableDespite being a piece for gamer collection, this buckle lives up to its quality as a belt buckle. Great quality and very stylish.The heel was a little wide but the shoe is very comfortable.Really happy with this shoesExcellent buy!My favorite boots to wear out. Doesn't make my feet hot like most shoes. And they are comfortable!The strap keeps on coming offTo big but that's my fault because ii thought iit would shrink .. Its nice Material thin like a T-shirt looks very cute with Jean's or leggings..Love this! It's pretty and  lightweight but sturdy. I marked it down however because it won't stay on my wrist unless the hair tie is on it (wrist is between 6 & 6.5 inches) and I'm afraid of losing it.  It would help if it were a smidge more flexible so I could adjust it to keep it from coming off.Beautiful.  Fast shipping.  Thank you.Bought 18-24 month size for my 2 1/2 yr old who wears size 6 shoes and they fit great. Very easy for her to pull on herself. Soft and cute!this made a perfect gift! I would recommend it to anyone. this is a great product at a great price!Love themall goodGot on sale. Its a huge bag, i love it.  Get a small bag scale so you don't go over on weight.

Small damage, nothing game breaking yet.

I use it for work as well if i am away from home. It holds some shockingly large items.Like the material but it a little tight in the arms and shoulder area.Very cute and comfortable dress.ordered this for my 10 year old even though it is adult she is a size 10/12 got a small pulled it up a lil higher worked perfect!!! lined do it is not scratchy- love the woven design
- light
- non- slip soles are great
- enjoy them so far
- time will tell about wear and tear
- have to find right polish!Bought these for work, and they performed admirably. Good non-skid soles, and they still look professional. I will be buy g at least one more pair.This was a gift that made someone very happy and looked very nice on him.A very nice costume. Good quality and arrived on time. Just somewhat smaller than expectedEveryone has commented how beautiful this hoodie is.  I ordered an XL, and it is a little snug when worn over a t-shirt.  Also not that if you are looking for a heavy sweatshirt style hoodie, this is not it.  It is not typical sweatshirt material, more of a polyester.  But it is beautiful!Can't beat the quality of this for 8 dollars. Honestly, very nice quality, my only complaint being that it is a bit small, but nothing where you can't still wear it. Honestly people, this is a BASE wig, don't expect it to be styled straight out of the bag, it's got a decent cut going and it's easy enough to style with a bit of hairspray an your fingers... it really is that malleable. It shipped on time, but I needed it a week ago so I am a bit sad in that aspect, not the sellers fault however, as it still did ship in the allotted time. All in all I would buy a wig from this seller again, seriously awesome, and you can't beat the price.Becareful on sizes... but other than that...I love it.The dress is well made and I love the fabric and the trim, but the color is not a pure white, more like an ivory. I may have the top  part of the dress adjusted around the arms for a better fit as it was a bit big but that may not be a problem for others. I wore it with a cardigan to compensate. Overall it is not a bad purchase.Perfect  He lived them!I like it, but it is visible under my clothes.We Booth really love our Sunglasses now.Functional.Inlove with dis fitted very nicely just slight pulling of down of the outfit but was great.Awesome sunglasses, received earlier then expected. Which is always great. Have had for a couple months now and have had multiple compliments. Only one Negative.. Which I read in other reviews prior to purchase. Which is they tend to fog up. I've owned plenty of other high end sunglasses and have never had sunglasses fog up like these do. Other then that I really love these. The Happy Lens is awesome too. You can really see a difference.. Worth the investment..Great "everyday" shoe. Wouldn't do to much heavy excersizing in these, but they're great for walking around.  Lightweight and comfy. Screw Newballance.I'm a huge 49er's fan and I ordered these shoes because I was going to San Francisco and I was going to attend a tailgate party while I was there. I received so many compliments on my shoes and they were unbelievably comfortable. Great buy!!I own 7 pairs of Converse. This pair was sent to me in the wrong size. I am grateful that is was. This is the first pair that did not fit correctly. It is little snug across the foot, just behind the toes. This is the first pair I have run into not fitting right.

There is no arch support in these shoes. That is why I buy them. I don't have arches and arch supports hurt my feet. I wear my Chucks all day they are my dress shoe of choice. Actually I wear them in lieu of dress shoes, I am allowed to wear clean tennis shoes.  I won't wear heals or pumps or any of those other torture devices that women call shoes.

They are sturdy shoes, Lots of great colors and patterns. I toss mine in the washer regularly to clean them, never had any issue with them.Looks good.goodMy mistake was looking for 100 % cotton,but will do. Love gold toe,last for a long timeYou can never be sure about the color from an online photo but this great looking red belt was true to representation and very nice quality. Also, the seller shipped lightening fast. I would recommend this seller.Nice fits to size.
Nice for the price.Love this fadora.They arrived quickly and fit wellI wish I got this backpack earlier.  It's practical.  It's well-made.  There are plenty of hidden zipper stash pockets and fold out areas.  There is plenty of space for just about anything you need to go camping, hiking, or just taking small trips around town.  Also, I like the masculinity of the product.  It has more of a military green look in real life though.  That picture is not the actual color you receive.returning for smaller sizeNice shirt - very comfy. I still have to pin it closed on the chest area but it's a wash and wear.I love converse.  They are a little narrow on me but I have wide feetCute for the price, just needed it for a one time thing.... The bow was sown on in the wrong spot and backwards, snaps on bottom broke after one use ... But it served its purpose and my daughter still looked cuteOrder smaller than you expect other than that great!I was delighted at the price of this set.  It has survived some serious vacation travel and has yet to break in any way.  Usually I lose a wheel or a handle after a few trips but these have held up very well, indeed.  The big one is good for checking and the smaller wheely case is ideal carry-on size.  I have yet to use the other two bags, but they are the same hardy case material and I will likely use them soon for a small road trip.  Great buyGreat shoes fits like a glove.Good value....fits good, comfortable.Love my shoes it's perfect.I had a Seiko watch similar in looks to this one for 30+ years when it finally bit the dust. I really love this watch, especially the solar charging feature. I did notice, after leaving it in a drawer still in the box before I took it out to wear it. Son of a gun, it needs light to charge so if you deprive it of light for a couple weeks it has a little snit and quits. Once I took it out of the drawer and re-set it it was much happier with me so it is working fine now.Excellent purchase 100% Recommended #VenezuelaNice for the priceNice vest.  Looks great on my husband.Great quality for the price.  This is an awesome seller!It is for girls!!I love it... I was so shocked and surprised as to how well made this hat is, the thing looks way better in the real. Would definitely buy some more. Cant beat that price. Nicely made and well packagedI am very pleased with  my  purchase. This Charm looks very good on my Pandora bracelet. I think the quality is good for the price.
I almost purchased one in Walt Disney  World,  I'm glad I didn't. Ordered online why I was on vacation, great souvenier!  Came in a very nice box from disney.com.My son is very hard on shoes.  We've had these over 4 months and they still look good.  His Nike shoes came unglued in a month.I absolutely love these boots. I think I will purchase a brown pair as well.
Great fit around my calves, they come slightly below my knee and they are super comfortable.
The only thing I wish was different about them was I wish they were lined better down by my toes. They tend to get a bit chilly so thicker socks are needed. Other than that I would definitely recommend them to others.The footsies are somewhat smallish and narrow at the toes. Not a fashion statement but otherwise great quality function product.For the price, this polo is great, fabric is so cool, widely unexpected...would recommend this to anyone, just about to order another.I love all things Butterflies,so, of course I had to have this Alex and Ani bracelet to add to my others. I love all my Alex and Ani bracelets,however,all my bracelets are in the "Russian Gold" and tarnish,and get a "Pitted" appearance. It's a "Pain" to have to remove them all before putting my hands in water,hence my 4  star review. Also, It took forever to receive this bracelet,whereas, another vendor only took a little more than a week.Wasnto too tight and perfect for my costume.It's a Levi's , can't get any better then this. simply the best and worth having, what more to say!!!!!I love the Timberland PRO shoes and boots.  I only wish every pair was made in the same factory and country as the last.  I have purchased over five pairs over the past 4 years and have had five countries of manufacture

I ware my shoes for at least 10 hours a day walking running on and off concrete floor and asphalt ground.  The soles hold up strong just wish the insoles on any shoe would hold up for more then 3 months under this abuse.  I recomend to anyone purchase your own insoles to add in to add support and comfort.I wish it had one more pocket but works greatLove them! Just have to be careful they don't get caught on clothes.Great for use in the snow and wet weather.  They fit very comfortably and come off easily.  Even in the coldest weather my feet stayed warm thumbs up.This robe is exactly what I was looking for, roomy & very warm.These shoes fit and feel wonderful. I have only worn them for a short run of a mile and a work out at the gym . So far so good, but I have gotten tons of compliments. They stand out and draw attention, a litte more than anticipated.Fits greatIts very pretty yet very manly I like it a lotIt's perfect. A little bigger than the rest of my beads but still lovelyThis is larger than I expected.  The band is very stiff, but hoping it will soften with wear.  It's size is more for a woman or man, than for a girl.  Funny gift for someone who's parents are late, usually!Super cute. Actually has three different zipper pocket compartments. Slightly smaller than expected. Mine was pretty wrinkled and bent when I got it in the mail. But for the price it's perfect. Planning on wearing this to Life in Colorvery nice shoes.  crystals on one foot are a bit bunched up on one toe but they are comfortable and supportive in the sole.I like the bottom but it is slightly large. The length is perfect.This is a nice vest for the money. I like its hi viz color.  Fits well. I find there stuff runs small I ordered a size up. The only reason that I didn't give it a 5 rating is because it doesn't have an pockets , which aren't critical but a nice feature.Beautiful!Beautiful dress , but ordered X large , but dress was to small was not X large, more like a mediumComfortable shoes for walking. The sole is a bit flat - I usually prefer more arch support, but when walking I don't miss the arch support.

The ribbing along the outer edge of each foot chafed a small amount on the first day I wore them, but I didn't get any blisters and once they got through that first day of breaking in, I stopped noticing the robbing.I love the fabric of the shirt and the colors are great. They really pop when paired with Coral bottoms ! I have a large bust area, so I should have gone a size larger, to accommodate.  Other than that, the shirt is awesome !a beautiful backpackOn grandson's wish list. He loves it! Great quality!Very comfortable shoe and to think I originally purchased them because they matched an outfit I have....I honestly underestimated the size. This bag is huge! Especially on me since I'm only 5'5", but at least I know it'll fit everything I need from workout clothes to text books.When you cinch up the front, it can cause it to lay a little funny in the back. But overall it's a cute blouse.I love it, the colour is beautiful. The size is kind of big, but it has a belt. So you can do the adjustment.I stole my girlfriend's pair because they were so comfortable, therefore I had to buy her a new pair. The best thing about them is because they have multiple straps instead of just one they stay on your feet way better. The only downside is when they become wet they're SUPER slippery.It was a nice shirt, just to smallI love these tie clips. I bought just one from the mall for nearly what I paid for this entire set. In my opinion a must for anyone who has to wear a suit and tie to work everyday and gets tired of wearing the same ole tie bar.This is my absolute favorite summer shirt. The shirt has so much detail and fits as both a great casual shirt and backs as a more business casual if a jacket is added. The shirt came with a pretty hopped long chain style necklace that it pairs well with. The top lace is beautiful and very thick and durable. It tolerates snagging (I did it with my bracelet) and doesn't start to unravel. The back of the shirt splits open for a nice detailed and unique look and has a nice thick satin/elastic under camisol that is not only long enough for my torso but thick enough to feel figure friendly. Overall this looks great and is washing and wearing nicely without any issues.

I did NOT recieve this plus sized shirt at any discount in exchage for my honest and unbiased opinion/review of the product after using it.Had to go up a size. But they are good boots.My husband loves these slippers.  They are warm and comfortable and the fit is just what he expected.  I recommend this slipper.Wonderful!Arrived timely. Soft and  fit well. Would buy more.Excellent qualityIt was a gift to my daughter and she likes them!Fantastic!!!These are great and fun to wear!  They would be even better with a black metal as the background material.Great hat. It's a little large for my toddlers head so I put a stitch in the straps. Covers his shoulders at the beachVery seldom do I put on a pair of shoes that feel great from the minute I wear them.  These are SUPER comfortable and well-made.  I love the cute little button detail as well.  I lined up several pairs of brown flats being sold on Amazon in my basket and then threw out the most expensive and the cheapest choices.  These were priced somewhere in the middle and I really feel like I picked the best brand after I got them and put them on.I bought these for myself so I could slip my shoes on and off quickly. I was skeptical at first, but I actually love them! They take a minute to put in, but they are worth it!Runs small if you have any time of curve to your body this suit is probably not for you. However I gave it to my friend and its absolutely adorable. So if you have the body type you can rock it!These sock are great! My daughter is 4 months and they fit perfectly! And they have a good stretch to them so they will grow with her.Decent plain black tGreat cut and feel to fabric!  My daughter loves it and says it is very comfortable.I like the jacket. I bought and extra small and it's entirely too big.Ok first I have to say I was terrified when I ordered this dress. I had looked at tons of different company's online and the reviews off the different online websites were all horrible. The reviews on George seemed to good to be true. I half believed they were written by George employees. So when I ordered I thought I probably just wasted a couple hundred dollars but I had no choice as we are planning our wedding on a budget to order online. I ordered on April 4th and emailed the company asking if my order could be rushed. They promised to do so. It is April 28th today and I received my dress. I was so shocked! It was beautiful! It looks like it is a much more expensive dress. The material is great quality, the sewing is top notch and I am the happiest bride to be! Seriously, I completely recommend them. Oh they are made overseas and it still took less than a month to get my dress. I wish I knew how to post pics so I could show how beautiful it is. It did come in bag and it wasn't packaged pretty but really who cares? I can get the wrinkles steamed out and get a box to store it in after the wedding. And for those questioning bride to be's out there yes I am definitely a real customer lolcannot wash hard to cleanI love this belt! No more destroying my belt from just wearing it often. Also allowing us to adjust the size on my own is extremely convenient. I will definitely be purchasing my belts from Marino from now on.For Halloween, I needed a petticoat to spruce up my costume. The regular S-L sizes only seem to come in shorter petticoats and I was looking for one with a bit more length. This one fits as described and was a perfect addition to my costume. It keeps its shape and I have now used it for two Halloweens in a row without issue.They fit, do not slip, are comfortable and the wife is happy.I live with science nerds and this is a successful addition to their nerdy T shirt collection.  The cotton is a nice thick durable cotton.  It's soft but not too thin like some shirts (I like thick and thin T shirts, as long as they are comfortable against the skin.)  This has been washed many times with no shirt color fading and the graphic has not faded and not cracked.  It's good quality.  Very happy with purchase.These a great pair of pants.  The price was why I initially purchased these.  They have held up as well as my Carhartt but half the price.  I have worn them several times and washed them and they are in great condition.  I do wash them with fabric softener so that when they come out of the dryer I can hang them with no wrinkles.  I wish I would have bought more.  I will definitely be purchasing moreexactly what I ordered- I only buy Haggar slacksAmazing is beautiful, just a little shortMy brother gave it to me as a Christmas gift and I absolutely love it. Very simple and classy.Wear the socks of the champions and feel like one too.Very nice qualityMy wife says that they fit well and are comfortable.  I (and you) have to take her word for it, as I'm not one to try them on for myself!The jeans fit perfect. And they actually are long!! I'm 6ft and it's sooooo hard to find jeans. These fit great :)I wear a 10 and these were a little small (M9-10). I should have gotten the large (L11-12). They look really nice and have a hard plastic sole so they should last. I am just dissapointed in the tight fit for someone who wears a 10, slippers should fit loosely-This is an attractive short sleeved top that looks fresh for the summer.  The neckline is comfortable and adds a bit of uniqueness to the top, dressing it up a bit.  Great to wear with jeans or a skirt.Looks great under my vintage swing dress.Exceeded expectations:  great fit, durable, look perfect!  Will be stocking up soon!Fits pretty good. Looks as expected. The red "slayer" logo has a cool duo-tone splatter effect and I like that the overall print is sort of blended into the fabric as opposed to the bright plasticky prints that look too new. The kind of print on this in wears in a lot faster. I don't really like brand new looking t shirts. The shirt is 100% cotton and fits pretty normal brand new. So I won't be washing this in hot water, and will hang dry so it doesn't shrink. Overall I like the graphic and fit of the shirt. EDIT: I've noticed that the graphics print is off center to the left about an inch. I was gonna return it for a replacement but instead of going thru the hassle of finding a place with a printer, printing out the return label, waiting for a refund and buying another and waiting for that to arrive. I'll just keep it. I'll get over the minor printing defect of the shirt. It still looks good and anyone without OCD won't even notice.My son in law and grandson, both, love their's that I just purchased for them at Christmas and then again on their birthdays this month...I'd also like to thank you for your prompt deliveryI like it. It is beautifulmy nephew will not take it off. Absolutely loves it.Good WatchIt looks nice, good features,.My son is on the husky side and I have a very hard time to find jeans that fit. These fit perfect!!! Is the only ones that they are actually husky not just saying it on the labelThey seem to fit a little bit small, but they are pretty much what I was looking for and the price isn't horrible. These are a little bit shiny, but not as bad as some other brands I tried and returned.Husband hasn't worn it yet but the material is good quality and the print is nice.Goodit's comfortable, but I'm 6'5" tall, so it's really too short.  So is everything.I'm a size 4/6 and these fit perfect. I don't like tight underwear.VERY NICE FOR THE COOLER NIGHTS&DAYSExactly as described and pictured.  A nice item delivered for a good price.  Description says 'Gold' but it is obviously golden instead.  No problem there.

Here is the back story...  It was almost time for our annual installation of officers again.  A custom Past Master apron, certificate, and so forth were ordered early and already in-hand.

Uh oh.  Someone realized we were out of Past Master lapel pins.  The traditional practice would have been to order more from any of the usual historical supply companies.  Such would have been delivered in a week or two per usual. That would have been too late for our already scheduled public presentation. :-(

Amazon Prime to the rescue.  His wife pinned it onto his jacket during the ceremonies.  Yes, she kissed him while pinning.  Everyone happy now.  Yay!  :-)

Some shopping advice for wives and other non-Masons...  Different jurisdictions (states, countries, so forth) have different ideas about what emblem a Past Master should display to be recognized for his service.  Some wear chained together dangling bits denoting the Pythagorean theorem.  Some insist a Square be included.  Some have various other symbols.  Some do not allow any, other than Grand Lodge officers, to wear golden toned items.  And some might consider it a bit large.  Check local details before choosing this general style as a gift.  This is a good item sold at a good price but it might or might not not be considered appropriate wherever you are located.Awesome wig, great price for what you're getting!My boyfriend needed a new work hoodie for his warehouse job and I wanted to get him something durable and warm for this upcoming winter. He's a size large, but after reading the reviews I decided to get him a medium because he doesn't completely fill out regular larges, and the medium turned out perfect for him. His only complaint was that the hoodie pocket has a large opening and he's scared when he climbs the ladders at work his phone might slip out of it.Again, posts were long enough...Earrings were just as presented...Just great.These fit well and are very comfortable , I bought them before going to Disney World for 4 days and they were great!very nice!Love this!  The Colors Are Bright && doesnt look cheap. But its not cotton so its more clingy than loose.  But if you want it as a dress order a size up,  im an L i ordered and XLgive this watch as a gift, was very nice looking watch.  Love the face, the band, the colors. The gift went over well with the receiver, so no complaints.These were so adorable, I was disappointed that they were too narrow for my calves :( Otherwise seemed to be really great quality. I can't really comment on how comfortable they were as I tried them on and sent them back :( I'm not giving a 4 star rating as I didn't get a chance to actually wear them, but would recommend ordering for ladies with slim calves :).These are super nice T shirts.  I thought they would be sturdy but I didn't expect how nice they would wash up.  They are heavy duty.  My husband uses them for work and he likes the pocket to put his pens and tools in.  I highly recommend them.Liked the appearance and rec'd several compliments  on the style100% satisfiedLove these beanies, have bought many and always satsifiedI had a pair of these many moons ago when they were made in the USA.  They are made in the Dominican Republic now but I can't tell the difference.  The quality of leather and workmanship are the same.  I ordered a 1/2 size larger than I normally take as I will wear them mostly with cotton socks outside of the house.  They fit perfect.  A little loose when I wear them sock-less which is just fine.  The best double soled unlined hand sewn moccasins for the money anywhere.Sexy and fits perfect  Im 5'2" and have a 25 inch waist and it fits greatI am Obsessed with this dress. The picture does no justice on how it looks! As soon as i opened the dress i thought to myself oh my god this is beautiful! and it looks like it was a $100 dress! the detail on the roses and flowers are amazing and they stand out and are very very detailed. It truly gives that girly look. I am wearing this dress as my Easter dress, I think it fits the occasion perfectly and its a great price compared to other dresses that don't look half this good. But this dress can truly be worn for more then Just Easter. Id say this dress can be worn to any spring or summer event. or even just for a night on the town. Its very sleek and form fitting. the fabric is so gentle and soft against your skin you actually feel like you're wearing a yoga body suit! And by that i mean Oh man is it a comfortable dress! I didn't want to take it off once  i put it on. between the way it looked and then the way it looked on me, I felt instantly beautiful when i was wearing it. I bought a small when i am a size 7/8 in pants. it is a little tight and I probably could have gone with a medium and it would have fit just as good. so if your thinking I want it nice and tight and I should buy a size down, I wouldn't say that is needed with this dress. its truly form fitting and makes you look nice and curvey, plus it gives a really nice look on the backside ;) The sleeves have the little snow white dress feel, but there not too much sticking out if you have that picture in your head. The dress goes just a little below my knee's which is perfect length because you can wear high shoes with this and you will look like a knock out. The seeming on the dress is amazing as well. not a loose thread anywhere on the dress when i looked over it. The stiching is actually very well done and seems like it will hold up and not tear easily. The zipper on the dress is very well made looking as well, It zips and unzips very easily. I did my zipper test where i zip and unzip about 10 times in a row, No snagging of fabric with it and no hard to zipper times. It truly is just a great well made dress all around im very very pleased with it.

I have to say, If you read this before Easter do yourself a favor make yourself the eye of the party/dinner in this dress!
or for any spring occasion!!!!
I received this product at a discount for my unbiased review of the product. It in no way influenced my opinion on this dress.Great style, fit, and fabric - love, love, love this vendor.Love itShoes fit tight for those with wide feet, otherwise excellent for turning and dancing!Good fit nice colorExcellent right out of the box..Can't wait to get a second pair...love these shoes, perfect for my daughterniceFun and what a variety.  I get so many compliments on them.  I ordered more as a gift and they are enjoying them just as I am.  I would suggest these highly.As expectedThis is my new favorite bracelet! I was hesitant about buying jewelry off of Amazon, but this was too cute to pass by. It's unique, and goes with just about any outfit. If I had my ears pierced I would definitely get the matching earrings.Bought for wife......fit as expected and comfy was her response..My fiancee loves  these and says they fit perfectly! !We gave it to a friend who wears only Carhartt.Very, very pretty!!!Just what we were looking for. Size fit as expected.PERFECT FIT FOR INVICTA WATCH!!!!!The necklace is great! I got it for my girlfriend who is in AST (Greek Life) and she loved it. It was simple yet pretty. The chain is a bit small and appears fragile but it can be replaced if needed. For the price it is great.great jacket expect to use it alot for fishingCute but the bangs are way too long...I have no idea how to trim hair..and I am sure I wouldn't do a great job on synthetic hair.I'm normally a 9.5, but had to buy a 10 since there are no half sizes... and it kind of feels like I'm wearing boats. They're a little bit chunkier than I thought they would be, but they are definitely comfortable. I'll be taking them to the beach with me in May.Really really nice.  Gave them as a Christmas gift and she loved them!Solid construction and extremely comfortableGood T-shirt for the price.Great fit and great color :)Excellent product.  My granddaughter was thrilled and the bag arrived immediately.  I am very impressed with the service.Beautiful and warm! A bit bulky for ordinary day wear, but does keep one cozy out in cold weather!Love this dress and its has very comfortable fabric, beautiful! Fits perfect on my almost three year old with a little room to grow:)I love my Crocs... I've been wearing my first pair since 2011 and though it was time for a new pair. So I purchased a black pair and a brown pair.It was my favorite shirt on our 6 week trip across the map. Kept me cool & covered on the motorcycle. Disappointed that when it came the right sleeve hem was unraveling & after the first wash it was all gone, but I wore it regardless & plan to order more colors. Thank you.great for converse high topsLove the way it fitvery goodGreat. But very small. I normally wear a large. I bought a xxl and it is still skin tight. It's very cute, though.Great quality, nice weight fabric.I've been looking for this size for a long time.  It's a squeeze to wear the next size down.  Where I live, here in Florida, these are the uniform of the day.  So great that you have them and I've passed this info on to some other "Big Feet".  Also, now know something to tell the grandchildren what they can get GP for Christmas.This top is cute from the front but did not look good on me from the back.  The fabric, although soft and cottony, is very thin and stretchy so that it shows every lump and bump of my waist from the back.  It also catches on the fabric of my jeans so does not hang smoothly in the back.Hello yes I love this necklace so much I wear this necklace 24/7 never take it off, even when I shower and it has yet to get rusty and turn into a different color. I highly recommend this product. Just perfect!!I need the strap of this same color!!???Great quality but arrived with no coach box or cloth sash bag.Turned a copper colorLove it.Looks good and comfortableLove the color, the fabric is soft, shirt is very nice, my mom will love it!Great quality, great price, just as described.ThanksRuns on the small sideGreat cushion , comfortableLove the boots!! Perfect fitlove it love it. looks so pretty and fits goodokGood quality shoes. They are easy to put on, very comfortable and fit well. My son has no problems walking, running and climbing in them. I strongly recommend.Elastic too tightGood shoes at a fair price.  However, order a size up.  I usually wear a US 7.5.  I went with an 8 on this and was glad I did.  If I were to wear this with a thicker hiking sock, the 7.5 would be way too small and no one wants uncomfortable boots during a hike.Use these all the time! Awesomefit very good arrived fastLove the color, the material and the fit. Works very well blocking the wind and the water (not in heavy rain mind you, but what does!). It is very easy to fold and carry in a bag and it won't look too badly wrinkled afterwards. It is very light and not too puffy like in the picture and I found that I like it better that way because I can keep it in the car or in a bag for those unexpected rainy days. The reason I gave it four starts is because my sweater was covered in some sort of lint from the filling material the first couple of times I used it. Not as bad last time, so I would expect it would happen less and less with more frequent wear. When I zip it up it looks like the picture and it is very comfortable.All the reviews about hard to get your childs thumb in are correct. Wow! But once you get them on, they are perfect. TIP, we turned the golve almost completly inside out, put his thumb in and 4 fingers, then flip them back on his hands. My friend was making fun saying we bought wrong size and he purchased gloves that had wide opening that you velcro closed. They were crap. snow got all inside. Our son laid in the snow digging holes for 2 hours straight. no problems. Hands were warm and dry. definatly worth the hassle!Warm, comfortable, and look good! Also practical soles.I bought this for my mother and she loves it.  Fits perfectly.  Nice material.I do like it. A bit too wide but it's ok. Recommanded. Arrived on time as expected. If u need Desert Boot, you better have the originals ;)I bought these as a gift for my sister who has the same shoe size as me. When they arrived I tried them on to make sure they would fit her and I seriously never wanted to take them off. These heels are padded so even though they're a stiletto and quite tall they are incredibly comfortable. I did still give these to my sister but I also ordered a pair for myself.These are perfect work pants! Great length for a 5 foot 5 inch plus size person. I can wear flats and they won't drag on the floor but will still look good with pumps. Not really boot leg, more straight leg which looks nice. Love the material, very light and will be good for spring/summer days in the office.

The only issue is the color is much darker then the picture depicts. I ordered this pair and a black pair that I opened at the same time. These were so dark I couldn't tell which was the black pair without looking at the tag. When I put them right on top of each other, I did notice this pair was a little lighter. I'm going to keep them since they fit so well but I was originally looking for a lighter gray. This color is much more like dark charcoal.Nice, comfortable gown!Great shirt. I bought it to go with some leggings. I am 5' 5" and it is long enough. Highly recommend.Fits perfect.  I am switching the head band to a stretchy headband to fit around my wig better.  I'm very pleased with the accessories as well.Exactly as described. Good quality. My wife loves it.i love them even though im a woman i wanted a pair that would fit perfect and they do thankyouPerfect fit! Normally I wear a woman's size 7.5-8 and they are very comfy!I am normally a large. It runs a little big. Order one size smaller than your actual size. Looked good thoughReally cute, they look just like the picture. I also have sensitive ears and these feel fineGreat ItemWasn't sure if I would like this but fell in love with it on our 2 week trip overseas.  Attaches easily and quickly to the Travelpro Crew 11 20" Expandable Business Plus Rollaboard Carry-on Suitcase - yet the suitcase still doesn't fall over.  It was amazing how much this tote held.  Before buying anything from Amazon check these two sites: fakespot.com and reviewmeta.com.These gloves run very small. Very nice feel and quality.I really like this poncho. Its warm and snuggly. You can pair it with dress pants for a business casual look or dress it down with jeans.I always wear med so that's what I ordered, fits perfectly. Very comfy and probably the fastest delivery I've ever gotten. Will definitely order again!nice fit, feel goodGreat look.  Fit as expected and exactly as pictured.I have very rarely felt comfortable in a two piece bathing suit until I purchased this one. It's so cute! I kept getting "pinup girl" comments from the hubby. It covers my tough areas (love handles and mommy pooch lower tummy) and is classy! I only wish I could have ordered a different size top.My husband received this as a Christmas gift from me.  When I opened the package, there was yet another package!! The watch was absolutely beautiful and he loves it!!  An excellent buy as well.!!Great for putting passport with numerous card slots and 2 zip pockets. One on the inside and one on the outside. Great for travel and if you do not mind, an oversize wallet. I think feel it is too big for a wallet thou.Love them but they are somewhat small,bought for a gift but was almost too small for me and my gift receiver wears a larger size so...very nice thoughLoved my dress! Excellent quality for the price! I wear around a size 12 and the large size fit me perfectly.This is a great little money clip!this was perfect.  low price, fast shipping, everything about it is just what it is suppose to be!Liked it.using it for earrings........larger than I originally wanted  but couldn't find anything as nice that was smallerI got this for my son so he could give it to his  feyonce and she loved itI bought it for my wife. She had ordered several knit items recently to keep warm over winter including a stocking cap; this beret seemed more her style to me  and matched the color and knit pattern very well and she liked it as well.Beautifully dainty "in person".  Gift for my best friend who is a Navy Chief's wife. She loves it :)I ordered these because they were priced very cheaply, and I have always had good luck with Rockport. I ordered size 15 wide, and they fit perfectly and the brown color looks exactly as pictured. The shoes are very lightweight and surprisingly comfortable. If they had any more in stock, I would have ordered a back up pair. The one thing i noticed is the sole reads by Adidas. I'm not sure if they just supplied the sole, or they made the shoe for rockport. Either way, it was a good purchase.Originally ordered a large and it was to small even though I went by the sizing guide recommendations.  The extra large fit much better but is still a slim fit through the torso area.I wish the ID holder was Dual Pocketed rather than the one in this that flips up but is sewn in. Removable Dual Pocketed would you to present two ID's at once, say Drivers License and a University Student ID, or a Driver License and Law Enforcement Credentials.

If only it had that, I would have given it 5 stars.Straps are a little loose on me. I have narrow feet, but not so much that I can't deal with it. They're nice sandals and I love sketchers.Looks great!The sizes were a little confusing.  I ordered the large and would order the medium the next
time.  I wear a size 8 1/2 - 9 shoe.  The large is a little roomy but still comfortable.  I was
looking for a sock with no elastic and these are perfect.  Thin enough - not too bulky.  Will
order more.Very comfyExcellentWould give 5 stars except I'm going to have to somehow cover a hard spot in boot that's rubbing the right side of my left heel. I would return but it didn't start rubbing my heel raw until I got to work. Leather is great quality and fit true to size. Wish I could see what's under the leather inside my boot causing this problem but will figure something out to cover the spot cause I love these!!great hatVery comfortable sweatshirt. Feels well made.My last purchase were cotton, so this time i have gone for the Microfibre. Wow they are so comfortable. We all like the colour.I bought these for my 84 year old mother- in- law who is VERY petite (short).  The length is extreme, and like most of her pants will need to be taken up, but she is very pleased with finding pants with an elastic waist band.They are very comfortable pants, is what I expectedOkI have several pair of this brand of flannel pajama pant.  They are very comfortable and have a nice weight about them.  My only disappointment with the purchase I made online here is that the fit is more tight than those I purchased in store fronts.  Personally, I like them looser so I probably won't purchase these again here but if you like the tighter fit they will work for you.NICE TIEI'm 5'7" and 130 lbs. lanky. This fits me quite well. I ordered a medium and it fits with or without a hoodie underneath. I just wish it was lined with mesh or something. Pictured is me wearing it with a hoodie underneath.

 PS, just walked through the rain to try it out. I'm still dry!Nice pants if you can buy them like I did, for around $20!Very cute but the straps are not form fitting unless you have thick legs, which I don't but with some hot glue I was able to make them fit better!I like these shoes very much. The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars as the soles of my feet start to hurt if I am walking (scout camping trips) more than average. I like the closed toe feature as it is tough and rugged. The only issue I have noted is my feet tend to get hotter in these than say running shoes. I would still recommend them for running errands, camping trips etc.These are so incredibly soft and easy to wash and wear. Love them!!AwesomeOK everyone said its runs a little large I'm 6' 2" 230lbs and where 2x in everything so i ordered the XL, it fits just fine! actually perfect! but now I can't fit a sweat shirt undernieth it.
I kinda wish I ordered the 2x now but oh well. The quality of the jacket seems great for the money, I haven't tested it yet but hopefully it gets me through the season if not I'll keep it as a back up for when i ride the motorcycle.These are excellent trail shoes, in my opinion. The toe is a bit smaller than anticipated, in that it squeezes my big toe a bit, but this will stretch with water and hard use. All in all, I am very pleased.My son is 5 and the size was perfect for him.I purchased this in a Medium to wear as a long shirt instead of a dress.  The length (as a dress) looked too short for my comfort level.  As a shirt, however, it's very cute.  I did at a belt to cinch in the waist, as it is quite big.  The material is a nice weight, and can be worn comfortably on cooler summer days, as well as all other seasons.  I received quite a few compliments the first time I wore it and it was very comfortable.  My reasons for 4-stars are that the elastic (on the wrists) was fairly tight and became a bit bothersome after a full day at the office.  The second reason is that I could not wear this without pairing it with a belt which I already had in my closet.  I realize this is meant more as a dress than a shirt, hence the reason to not include the belt, but, for my purposes, it would've been nice to have a belt.Great boots, gorgeous and stylish.  Very comfortable, and warm.  They definitely fit big, id say a half size, maybe a full size big.Love these boots, fit me perfectly sizing is right onBig and beefy.  You can get tons of stuff into this thing.  Highly recommended.These are so beautiful, comfortable and elegant! So many compliments!
I bought them for my daughter's wedding and I love these gorgeous heels so much!
I DEFINATELY RECOMMEND!I had been looking for the right beanie that would look good on me and was also warm and this was the one !

This beanie has the appropriate amount of slouch and (from what I think personally) flatters my square-ish face shape.

I've bought the grey one and am planning on buying 2 other colors as well because I like this product so much !excellent comfortable boots. order one size smaller - they tend to run big. but when you find the right size, you won't want to take them off.Required needing to order 1 size larger than normally worn.This is a great bag--lightweight and very roomy. Ultimately I found it to be a little too big and didn't wear on my back like I would prefer. I ended up returning it and went with the Herschel 'Settlement' backpack.I love this ring alot, however i have not had it long and the gold is already coming off, but i still wear it and love it.I purchased these glasses to help with glare from headlights during night driving. I was amazed at a how well they worked and would recommend them for this purpose. I have not used them as regular sunglasses so can't speak to how they work during the day. Seems to be a well made product for reasonable money.great shoes if you are too lazy to tie laces and also too lazy to bend over to put shoes onI like it very much but,the spinner doesnt work properly. I put oil on it and have some improvement.A1BEWARE! ANATOMICALLY CORRECT AND CLEARLY MALE!!Great support however the strap rubs a lot on the top of your foot at first, if not for that it'd be 5 starsJeans are cute!I own a few camera backpacks & more than half are Lowepro.  I am 5'7" 150lb & this bag fits me well.  I think if you are a larger person, then this may not be for you.  I plan to use this for hiking & typical photo shoot that does not require a laptop.  Here is my configuration for this bag,
- Pentax 645z w/ 45mm F2.8 lens attached
- Pentax, 120mm F/4 macro / portrait
- Pentax, 75mm F2.8
- Fujifilm X-T1 with Grip + 27mm pancake attached
- Quick release plates + blower + lens cleaner
- None photo related (phone, snacks, water bottle)

Here is what I think of the backpack
- decent quality material.  I prefer material of "Lowepro - DSLR Video Fastpack 250 AW" (water does not stick)
- Dividers are nice & soft, sure will protect the gears
- Dividers not made to hold heavier cameras with bag partly filled
- An actual tripod holder on 1 side would make this bag much better

Overall I like the bag for it size & simplicityMy only regret is not buying this sooner. The color is perfect and smells like leather. I cannot wait to use this asap! The Ainifeel logo is there but it's not huge or even that noticeable. Plus it came with 2 scarves. Now I have to get it in ever other color.It was  amazing gifts to my wife.This bead is more beautiful in person than in the picture. It fits perfectly on my Pandora bracelet. I do have to sandwich it between two spacers to hold it in place but for the price I can live with that.Was very pleased with the Salvatore Exte Wool Touch Mens Suit.  It arrived the day it was scheduled. There was one issue. The quality of the suit exceeded my expectations. It was well packaged for shipment and arrived with no damage. The coat fit perfect and the only tailoring required was the trousers!  I would buy from these folks again without hesitation. The buttons on the front of the jacket were too loose and had to be reattached by the tailor.Exactly what I wanted for my upper ear piercing! Tiny little dice! I'm feeling lucky!!! Well packaged and appear well made.Very comfortable & stylish.Great gift for your child's teacheri love this utility belt. it has all pockets I need. my only issue is how small it is. so unless you wear like a sixe five jean go to the company's website and order the extender. and it adds an extra pocket to it!Really good quality for the price.I have bought two pair of these.  The price is right, they're comfortable and cute.  The only problem is they stretch out quickly (hence the second pair) I would not recommend for someone with a narrow foot.Love the shoes. They fit great, very comfortable. Thank's againThis is my THIRD gray Chan Luu scarf.  I lost my two previous ones and have spent over $150 bucks to replace them.  TWICE!  That's how super amazing this scarf is.  The texture is soft on the skin, it's soft, warm, lightweight and drapes beautifully.

Hopefully I won't lose this one.Perfect! He absolutely loves this robe. Its getting a little to hot to wear but I will be sure to purchase another one next fall.I have been eye balling this shoe for quite some time and am now the proud owner of the red color.  I normally wear a size 8 and only got an 8.5 since my size was gone.  The 8.5 fits perfectly and just gives you the needed room. This is a must have for those shoeholics.Over all high quality, but order one size smaller than you usually do, I usually get a large and it fits like an extra largeI bought these boots last summer, and they served me well at work. I wore them to cut down trees, dig ditches, and bust rocks in the mountains. They supported my ankles well, like actual women's boots, and the soles gripped the side of the mountain like glue. They are perfect for working on an incline. They're honestly waterproof, so they're ok for crossing small streams, but you have to step between slippery rocks, not on them. They do not perform well on slippery, smooth surfaces like rocks or ice. They are fantastic in the snow, though. The top closes fairly tightly, so very little gets in the top, and the tongue is attached to the boot all the way up, so snow doesn't get in the front either. That tongue was very annoying at first, leaving pressure sores on the tops of my feet, but the leather eventually submitted and the boots are very comfortable now. They're very warm... perhaps a little too warm in the summer. They're a little stinky now, and I need to start taking care of the inside as well as the outside. I've loved them too much. Still, these are the best boots I've ever owned, and I'd highly recommend them for anyone who needs to work their work boots hard.nice shoesNice comfy little shoes for my grandsonHigh quality leather. Nice wallet. There is no compartment for coins.was shorter and fatter than I expected.I need ups to pickup this return package because i don't have a printer pleaseLooks just as pictured,arrived as expected, packaged safely.  Very nicenot as good as  imaginelove this underwear a lot.  its made in china and the sizing is different.  make sure you order a size or 2 larger than US sizing.Great fit with silky feeling unlike the rough feeling of cotton found in most mens underwear.Legs are a wider fit than other brands, but this brand is a good quality that last longer.look good and comfortable.These are great pants and I love them.  They wash nicely, keep the color and don't wrinkle.  Would definitely buy again.Perfect everythingThis is such a great costume, the quality is excellent. Unfortunately, the long sleeves are too large and too wide, besides that the costume is fabulous. The shipping was very fast, and I am just waiting to see if I can exchange it for a smaller size.Awesome comfortable and somewhat stylish compared to other shoes with as much support!  Love them!!!good print job?These are great! Very soft and comfy, very flattering. I originally ordered size small, based on the sizing chart, and they were a little too snug, so exchanged for mediums and love them so far.This is an excellent flip/flop.  If you have feet problems and can only were some types of shoes then you need to get these flip/flops as they have great arch support and mold to what ever foot you have.  I have not worn flip/flops until now.  Excellent purchase.Love these shoes, the only problem I have is they are a bit narrow. But otherwise they are great!My daughter really wanted these shoes for Christmas but I couldn't afford the $40 and shipping price at the national chain store so I checked Amazon and I got the same ones for 30% less with free shipping. They were brand new and she was thrilled. It made it possible to buy her these and all the other things she had on her list! They were good quality and the fit was perfect.I am pleased with them.Wore these to a wedding while on crutches from foot surgery.  Worked wonderful.  Very versatile.  Not amazing quality on the bottom of the sole, but for the price I'm ok with that.  Would buy other pairs in other colors as well. and they do really sparkle but not in an over the top tacky way.This is such a beautiful bracelet!  The inlaid design is so delicate and stunning.  And the size is just right - not too thin, and not too bulky.  Highly recommend.I've gotten tons of compliments!Buy 2 sizes largerexcelenteVintage look for my wedding. Totally complete and great price.Fast shipping  product as described .Wife loves them!  What more can I say?Really good sunglasses for the price. They are polarized and lightweight and just good sunglasses. I like the color of the lenses and they came with their own carry case with drawstring.I was looking for briefs underwear for my skinny 9 year old - something without cartoony pictures (which he considers too childish), and that could match the quality look of the Abercrombie boxer briefs that my other son prefers. These are really nice, with bright colors and look like they are of nice quality. My son likes to wear them, because they look much better than the plain white briefs from other  brands, and they fit really well around the leg, with minimal sagging.TinyPurchased as a requested gift for teen boy. He seems to be very happy with the watch. Classic styling, very nice looking, hope it lasts. Arrived in said condition in very timely manner.Really like this shoe.  Very cute.  Heel high is comfortable and it's fit true to size.  I haven't walk around in them yet but plan to soon.  That's the reason for the 4 stars.Purchased for my 6 year old daughter for Halloween. Fit true to size and she really like the way it wore. Wasn't itchy or too hot. Fit over her clothes great.Handsome shade of navy. Luxurious fleece material.The green is considerably more muted in person than the pictures suggests, but it is a beautiful piece that will compliment many outfits.Some of the socks are good, some are more or less useless as far as the colors go. The value is decent. so far none of the socks have wandered away.I have worn this several times and gotten compliments every time.  The colors are beautiful, the material is good and it is very comfortable to wear.  The fit is perfect for my size and I'm certain I will get a lot of wear from it...Had ours for over 4+ years and used it for my 3 kids. Perfect for kids in sports that have to practice or play in wet grass and end up with wet cleats. I would def buy another one if mine stopped working.I got these for Christmas and they are perfect! I love these shoes to death!Fast delivery and perfect gift.MADE WELL SHIPPINP IS HIGH BUT THEY ARE PRETTY MUCH GIVING THE NEC & CROSS AWAY IT ALSO ADJUST GREAT !!Definitely needed the short but feel really comfortable otherwiseThis wallet is the best. I recommend it to everybody I know and those who have bought it love it too.Great watch for the money. I wanted a nice/sporty watch that I could wear during my outdoor activities where I didn't have to worry about sweat/grime/sunblock getting to it. This is ideal.

It looks nice enough to wear around town but is still a cheap and reliable Timex.Very impressed with the construction. I was expecting a fairly poor quality sweater that would only make it a few wears before being tossed, but I'm pleasantly surprised. The sweater is actually very warm. Perhaps too warm sometimes when I'm around people in lighter fare and the heating is turned up. I am 175lbs and 6' 0", the medium fit me perfectly.Great  shoesI think my great granddaughter will love it when she gets it.  Not her birthday yet.nice, fuzzy boots to keep the toes warm and happy!I LOVE them and they definitely serve their purpose.  I just have to figure out how to position them so that I do not pull them up to high.  When I do so, the top part folds down.  But that's a minor concern, because when it folds down I don't notice it until I go to the restroom or take them off.love the watch.. looks elegant but also has a professional look and is also very light on the wrist. My very first Bulova and probably not my lastvery nice quality love these hat colors are so niceVery cute but a little baggy. My girl is chunky but stilll there was extra fabric around the middle.I wanted a green shoe so I liked this shoe. It has a chunky heel and I like that, It offers good support. I wore it all day to church and to dinner after. My only issue with the shoe is the clasp. I had to take it off to figure out how to tie it, then call someone to help me close it. its complicated. apart from that great shoe.I am size 8-10 with 30" waist 39" hips. These leggings in the M/L are a bit loose but still wearable. The S/M probably would have given a snugger/slimmer fit. At 5'4" they are longer than I like but easily scrunched up a bit and not noticeable with my boots on. Calling the inside "fleece" is a bit of a stretch. It's a very thin lining more of a brushed cotton like on the inside of a sweatshirt. Also I've purchased other brands that tend to have a chemical smell to them. These don't really have much of that smell. Keeping this size not worth effort of exchanging for smaller size. Added a picture of size chart.It was exactly as it was pictured. beautiful.
The box was as impressive as the watch!
This watch will get you looks guaranteed.Great product, love Floto's bags,
Will buy again !Pretty ring, nice metal, came well polished and in new condition.  It looked lovely online, but it just wasn't me when I tried it on.Adorable, fun hat. Great quality. Full coverage, completely shades my daughter's face, but she can still see. Sizing runs very small. My daughter is 7 months old with a 50% percentile/average head size and the 12 months size is almost too small, so I ordered the 18 months size as well. Love the tickled feather pattern, Zutano!Great sandals!I have not wore the necklace yet, but it is really beautiful.Great shirt. It's long, but might shrink after a few washes.Great summer shoe for guys who want to try something new!I love the color of the stone. Ring really looks nice. I bought 3 of them and am very satisfied. I did have a gem fall out of one of the rings but at this price I am still very satisfied.AwesomeI really like these shoes, other than the fact that they tear up the back of my heels - however, I expect this from most shoes because my heel is very narrow. Once I fit them with some heel grips, they'll be fantastic! Fit true to size, and very well made.little itchy but great otherwise!Actually wearing it right now. Great sweater. Collar is a little awkward but no big deal, nitpickoh my gosh, words cannot begin to explain who AMAZINGLY this bathing suit looks and feels! IT LOOKS EXACTLY (I KID YOU NOT) LIKE A TRIANGLE BATHING SUIT. It comes with a bag and even little notes on how to care for your "triangl"! I love it so much and I would definitely order another one. FWI: the bottoms do fit a little small (I got an xs) and I wish I would have asked for a small is bottoms and xs in the top. but besides that it is perfectthese eye shades are perfect and I really like them. Thanks. Thelma L.I like this jacketI chose these glasses because of their light weight, one piece arms and the wrap around polar lenses. I wore them yesterday while playing golf, and they were excellent. I would recommend them highly. I have been a Ray Ban customer for 35 years owning, Wayfarers, Aviators and sports Sunglasses similar to RB8305 (not carbon fiber). The procedure of purchasing, ordering, tracking the shipping and receiving my sunglasses was very easy and I received them sooner than expected.Have had these for a while. Very surprised at the high quality. These may cost a little more than some seemingly comparable shoes. but they are worth every penny. Get a pair of these and you will never accept anything less.Kind of cheaply made but fabric clings nicely and they look great on (I bought one in black too). They are a touch short, so if you are long waisted, go a size up. But generally look great.It's great but as I said earlier the bottle is just too small gotten smaller My husband had another pair of Rocky boots for about 10 years which were a size 11 but these were way to small. I would say these boots sizes run close to regular shoe size.Bought as a replacement for my boyfriend's Jack Frost wig (I accidentally ruined it when I borrowed it, I curled the bottoms to cosplay as the pokemon Drifloon, and they did not straighten back out... it wasn't this exact wig, though) and it worked even better than the first one! Just the right color, styled easily and stayed styled, got lots of compliments on the cosplay, again :)I cant believe pants that fit right off the hanger.  I am small and short waisted with larger hips.  these really are made for curvy shapes!Excellent shoes!  No breaking-in period.Very comfy and has no seam on the sole of the foot. If you put these in rain boots I would recommend sizing the rain boot up a little bit.Really, how do you go wrong with Gold Toe dress socks?The face of the watch is great and the best looking watch I have ever had. The crank works well and has never given me any problems.
I like the face of watch enough to give this item 5 stars, however the wrist band is not 5 star quality. While it is very neat looking in a month or two it is beginning to fall apart. Mine is barely held together and I am very soon going to buy a new high quality strap and put this watch face on another strap.I get compliments all the time when wearing this shirt, and some don't even know it's from the show (breaking bad) Love the shirt!Absolutely adorable. Love the fact that there are no feet, and the snaps are perfect for young ones to get open and closed for easy bathroom access. Bright print, fun to watch them run around in on a lazy Saturday morning.Very cute and comfy they zip up the side!As expected!!!This is a comfortable soft bra but it seems to mash my breasts inwards under my arms, rather than make me look slimmer on the sides. It tends to make me look bulkier.  I also have the regular "Bali Passion for Comfort" bra and there doesn't seem to be much different in the fit from the minimizer style.
I wish Bali would bring back the style 3474 minimizer bra. That style slims the sides and it was a very long lasting bra. I still have three of them and have searched high and low, but sadly Bali no longer makes that style minimizer.
I'm always on the hunt for the perfect bra. I guess my search continues....I love it! I hope it doesn't tarnish!Super, super cute. I haven't had a chance to take this in the swimming pool yet....but I did go for a run with it in 90 degree weather. It's very airy! I just wish it had a little more elastic to the bra part of the top.Extremely comfortable fit as expectedBut I decided to keep one for myself! I bought two of these as Christmas gifts (both in the green color) and found them so beautiful that I actually kept one. These shawls are very soft to the touch, and as other reviewers have noted, the colors are arresting. The green is particularly lovely for fall and winter. The gold threads woven throughout will look really nice during the holidays. I wish the weave was just a bit tighter: it strikes me as something that can't stand up to too much rough treatment. But nor does it seem flimsy. The warmth of this item is surprising too. I have purchased items from Dahlia for the last three years. They consistently send me quality merchandise and these shawls were no exception. For an impressive and surprisingly inexpensive gift for yourslelf or a friend, this can't be beat.for the price they are good. but yes i can see what past people were saying, you can feel everything on the ground when you step in them.Very comfortable shoes!  Love Asics!  I am only purchasing the Gel-Nimbus from now on.  I used to have the Gel-Nimbus 14 and wore them through two pregnancies comfortably!I loved it on my daughter!  Too cute! !A little narrow in the hips and the waist line is a bit higher than expected, almost an empire waist. Obviously not made for those with larger bust. However it fits quite nice despite the waist line and the hip area and I'm looking forward to wearing it.Cute and good quality, the only thing is that you should buy a number but if your son is 6 buy 7nice fitI was given a rose gold bracelet as a gift and was looking for a necklace to wear it with.
This was lovely as soon as i took it out of the box,its a lovely length that can be adjusted and the key/heart combination sit beautifully around the neck.Very pretty watch and makes a nice gift for someone.Fits wellI think these glasses are very cute and protective against the sun. They are a bit large but still chic looking. Nice looking watch, the orange is not too loud. Fake leather strap is comfortable. Second hand is a little loudCould be more flush in the neck area.Wow!!Fit so very nice I ordered a 2nd one and may get a 3rd.I really love this necklace. It is very sparkly and will look beautiful on my bridesmaids. The reason I'm giving it a 4 is because the packaging for 5 of the 6 I ordered were in chincy little draw string baggies inside small boxes and the chains were tangled. Otherwise, I think they will work out nicely.Perfect fit. Great pricedad loves itIt is as minty as that Double Spearmint gum you are chewing right now. Yeah you, I see you chewing.Great qualityI love the shirt and got a ton of compliments on it but it's too small. Go 2 sizes up on this product.Nice little black dress, will wear often love the lookPretty comfortable and stylish for walking boots. The faux fur lining is a plus, that was unexpected, makes it extra soft inside.Good quality, true to size. Look good on my blue-eyed great grandson,Absolutely LOVE these boots! I will order the same pair again. They were lightweight and super comfortable.Best shoes I have had I would buy another pair if they had my sizereal niceI adore this petticoat. I wore it two days in a row in 100 degree weather and loved it.Too short to be worn as a dress for a 5'7" tall woman. But with leggings it could be worn as a tunic style long shirt.I've gained a few pounds since my wedding and have been unable to wear my wedding ring.  It is made of steel, so I cannot get it sized.  I was looking for an inexpensive ring to wear as a wedding band until I can slim down a bit and wear my real one.  For $10, I decided to give this a whirl.  It looks great and is very comfortable!  In fact, even when I do slim down, I will probably just get another one of these to wear as it's more comfortable than my original wedding band!I am going to admit the ugly.  I have a son.  The kind of son you friend has.  You know the one - he will be 40 and live in my basement.  Yes, that son.  So, don't ask me how old he is - because I do not want to tell you.  AND he does not tie shoes - he knows the basic concept but can NOT for the love of Pete get the job done.  Sigh.  There you have it.  Thank G-D for these velcro shoes in his size and they match his uniform AND they come in white and navy for his gym class.

You could burn up the 20 minutes every morning screaming and yelling about shoes untied and shame and much more, or you can engineer a system that works for you.  I spent too long wasting precious life energy with the first approach.  And now we use Velcro New Balance shoes.  And my mornings (and I suspect the gym class and teacher) are peaceful and my son is not upset and the house is not a dysfunctional screaming mess in the morning.  lol - check back in the afternoon, though.

Anyway, these sneakers are very very very well made.  I get 3 pairs each September - two in black for the uniform and one in the white and navy for the gym class.  They last all year and stay in great shape - they just don't wear out.  They are like iron.

New Balance - I am so grateful for these - never discontinue this line.I was very satisfied with my purchase it fits on my feet as I wanted and I am thinking of buying another color.These feel nothing like cashmere but they are pretty cute.  I'm 5'6, 150lbs. They are a little baggy in the legs.  I probably could have went a size smaller to have a snug fit but i'm pretty sure they would have been see through.  I decided to keep them.beautifulGreat for what i ordered them for.Bought this for my nephew for Christmas.. Wow was he excited with it.  Needless to say I was the winner on the best present. Delivery of the item went way above my expectations. The item came with plenty of time to spare before Christmas.. Thanks!!I love tie dye and this is a great color. As others have mentioned, these run small. I would suggest sizing up two sizes so they fit good. I love this but really wish the material was not so thick. I live and the South and it gets super hot here in the summer, so this isn't a shirt I could wear in the middle of summer.This scarf is unbelievably soft and cuddly, it has to be very comfortable to wear. I am sure that it is warm and will be used, It issss very dressy and should so well with suits and coatsVery well designed bag, thought through and comfortable to use. Slightly on the large side (got medium). Fits my 14 inch Lenovo with lots of room to spare.Adorable!  Love them!The leather is a high quality. I use this on my job as a paraeducator to carry supplies. The 4 pockets have a different theme of contents such as bandages,disposable gloves, my personal needs like chap stick, nail file, nail clippers , dental floss etc., , another for keys, and one for pencils, small paper tablet , calculator.(phone).  Shipping was slow, very slow, it took about 2 months to arrive. The product is nice it's only flaw was the zipper came unstitched a month after use on the biggest pocket. Luckily i know how to sew and was able to hand stitch the zipper back into place. It has held up well ever since. I would make the purchase again.These are super cute and I love all the lace. They are high waist, which I usually don't like, but since they are lace, I find myself loving them regardless. It's always nice to have a few pairs of underwear like this because it makes me feel confident during the day. Sounds weird, but that's how I feel about it LOL Anyway, I really like these and do recommend them.

I received these in exchange for my honest review.Love it!excellentThis is a very feminine and pretty pendent.  I was a little disappointed that it was so small.  I don't like large, chunky jewelry but this would be more appropriate for a younger girl.  It does look as promised, my only concern was the size.I love these types of necklaces, I have a NV and FL one on the same chain- super cute! The NV one, my only complaint is that I have been stabbed by the bottom part of the state since it comes to a point. Oh well, that's how the state is shaped, just watch the point or file it down.The necklace is a little thicker than I hoped but the necklace is very lightweight and I'm very happy with it,  looks great with a simple black dress, it completely changes the outfit.Order a 1/2 size larger...Love themEverything is awesome! It came before the expected date, and I love the colors. Only complaint I have is my packet ended up with 2 pairs of 12g plugs and no 6g plugs...but its okay because I'll just go buy a pair. It's no big deal. Thank you guys soooo much! I'll definitely buy again!recommend these, very comfortable to walk in, easy to care for; wish they came in more colors; overall very happy!These are the best basic sandals you can get for the price.  My first pair lasted almost 10yrs and I still have them, they're just pretty worn out but never broke.Our 10 year old daughter was delighted to receive this dress for her birthday.  I ordered a size large hoping it would fit her for awhile, but it runs a bit small.  Order larger than usual to account for any shrinking possible when laundering.Love these.  No problems with them, no rubbing or scratching.  Can wear all day and feel good.This dress is made of a very lightweight denim knit with considerable stretch to it. It is extremely comfortable and versatile, and would be suitable for a range of temperatures. In warmer weather, you can wear it by itself. In winter, layer a turtleneck and tights or pants under it for extra warmth. The style is designed to give a very loose fit, so it should fit a variety of shapes and sizes. I am 5'8" and average build; the dress hits me a couple of inches below the knee and is plenty roomy. I love it! The backing is a dark navy, which looks very nice when the sleeves are rolled up. I will definitely be ordering from Mordenmiss again.greatVery Niceeverything was as expected!Beautiful top.  Perfect to wear in warmer weather if you prefer turtleneck.  Rich color.  Would order in other colors.Great to wear around after a long day of standing at work.Perfect slip ons for running to the store.AwesomeMy second hat, lost the first one, the same one except for the color. The best hat for work I have ever had. A perfect fit.Looks like photo.Great Product and fit very well on me. Definitely enjoy this brand and will continue to buy from them in the futureMy friend that I bought this for absolutely adores it and carries it everywhere!THIS IS NOT BLACK! It is a navy blue. Fits a little large but that is okay.Great fit. Love the athletic polos.I am glad I listened to the reviews and ordered a size up. I normally wear a 10 and the 11's fit perfect. Has great arch support. Do keep in mind that the straps are thin on top. I was a bit worried about this, but have had no issues. My 13 year old has been "borrowing" them a lot!This is a cute top. Definitely made to wear with a tank under but it's very cute. I expected it to be a little roomier but not much. I still say it fits as expected.The boots are maybe a tad less cute than the picture, but still the cutest on the market.  Size runs slightly small.  They are really comfortable and soft and easy to put on and take off.  My only complaints are that the furry stuff looks pretty cheap, and the way they lace up doesn't really show off the ankle, I wish they looked a little slimmer.  Overall very happy with them.Love this shirtThese shoes are darling and will look great on my wedding day.  I'm slightly concerned about the peep toe being a little snug on one side, but I think if I wear them around I'll be able to stretch them a little before the big day.  They're gorgeous!I love the pink-red color...however the tongue of the shoe rubs my shin.a bit too large for my tasteVery cute. Socks were a bit small. Well made though.ExcelentComfy and cute.A little smaller than what I was thinking it would be, but it still fits. I really like the control top feature on this. The material smells funny right out of the bag, but it's not the first time I've bought leggings that have smelled like this. They're pretty thick too, so I feel like the material will hold up pretty well.I have not worn it yet but I did try it on and it fit better than I expected.Really loved everything about this bra, it fit great, had a nice shape, no spillage, but the band was just too loose, even in the tightest hook. So I knew I wasn't going to get enough use out of it for my needs, I like to buy as few bras as possible, so they need to last.They do fit a tad bit small, but they stretch out. They are warm without making my feet sweat. They go halfway up my calf and they are a great buy!Great shoes, I tried them on in the store first, they run big.I saw these and loved the color and love 501`s.  I had enough Chase points to get them for free, what' snot to love!  I noticed that they are no longer available for purchase.  I was lucky in every way possible.  They are a great summer wear color.I ordered 38 X 30 as that is what I order my Dress Dockers in online and they are perfect.
These were a bit long in the legs. I have to roll up the cuffs. I was a little bummed.
Maybe jean sizes are different?Smaller than I expected but its a very elegant piece of jewelry. The stones sit nicely and have a beautiful look. If you have another chain to use I might do that only cause I tend to break thinner chains sometimes. Overall very pleased.Seems like the material is good quality.  i ordered an xl for someone who typically wears that size tshirt and it fit more like a xxl. Hasn't been washed yet so we'll see.Small toe keeps coming out of its slot but otherwise fit well. good valueLook just as pictured. These are a gift for my bridesmaids and I'm hoping they love them!I like this Chain and Medel, will buy many moreLove this!These are pretty cute and she kept them on. Went well with the rash guard/top we already had.nice color goes with jeans or khakis really welldoes not show it with a pocket but there is one.  it is more cheaply made than I would like but fit for what I need.  it ok I will not order anymore but ok for a quick fix.No issues with the quality, it just wasn't as heavy as I hoped, so I returned it. It's more of a windbreaker jacket. Not really an early fall jacket for Midwest temperatures.I was a bit leery ordering ankle strap shoes online as some of them hit at uncomfortable places, but these are great. I'm ordering them now in black. :)Looks really nice! But it's not super good quality. For that price it's worth it. Came before expected shipI have a 17 yr. Old that needs a lot of good shirts for interviews and auditions.  He is in great shape, but mens' regular shirts are too baggie for him.  These slim fit shirts are perfect. .  He does not look like he is wearing his dads shirt.  He too loves them.Was a great costume for my daughters dress-up day at school. She received a lot of compliments from her teachers.OK the costume gets 4 stars cause its pretty cool.  But I'm having to cut it cause its to short for me. I'm 6'2 210lbs. I'm not fat by any means but it's just about 3 to 4 inches to short in the length. So i have to cut the seam between the pants and the top so my ankles don't show since its a one piece.  The mask is just the front and top of the head and velcro in the back. So i don't have to worry about being claustrophobic. I paid $15 for large/standard size.  So it's worth the money even me having to cut it.cheap, but works as breathable bra for those of us who do not need a ton of supportFits great. I like their heavier cotton feel, unlike others that just feel like wearing a t-shirt. Great cost, great feel.The sneaker was goodLove the boots but won't go with her winter out fit.  I am so
Sorry.  I woulf definitely recommend them to anyone.
Keep up the good work, your products are Great.Excelent product everything's good I,m very satisfaced sito it. I recomend tris product to all people that want it. GoodFIVE STARS!!!  These earrings are fabulous!  Super high quality.  I absolutely love them!  They look exactly as pictured.Very comfortable shoe. Only con is the grip on wet surfaces could be better.Love theseI love this Wedding band!!!! I was allergic to my original and decided to purchase this band because it was a match to my husband's band. We couldn't be happier....The New Balance shoes are everything I expected. They look and feel great. I used super saver shipping and recieved my product within a week. Very satisfied!These are soo cute on my baby girl!! I was surprised that I can actually match them to most outfits.Good fitso, so soft cute and warm, like them so much I ordered the matching hatI was  impressed  with  what I received  and  the comfort  of  wearing  is  splendid  thankslove the bootI had heard from several friends that these are the shoes for walking around Disney for long hours. I figured they were comfy but didn't expect them to really be THIS awesome. I went to a local store and tried some on and really loved how they felt, but wasn't willing to pay the $60 for them. When I looked on amazon and saw they were about $40, I snatched them up. Well we just got back from Disney. 90 degrees daily and 10+ hours of walking each day for a full week and I had ZERO (YES....ZERO) foot pain!!!! I was absolutely in awe. No matter how tired I was and my body ached from all of the walking, my feet still felt fine!!! I'm glad I found a better price for them but looking back and knowing what I know now...I would have paid the full $60 for them!!! I absolutely recommend these for anyone who will be doing a lot of walking or a lot of standing!!! Your feet will thank you! (I'm considering looking for a deal on a second pair just because I love them so much!!!)Nice what can I say.I think this is the perfect purse for travel. I spent a few months trying to find the perfect purse for traveling overseas, because I had heard all the stories about the pickpockets and didn't want to take a chance of ruining my trip by losing my case or credit cards. I was looking for a purse that had a zippered top compartment with a flap over top of it, for double protection, and a long strap to use as a cross-body bag, with slash resistent-straps and panels. I was worried this purse would be too big, but it was just perfect. I'm even thinking of ordering it in other colors so I can use it when visiting theme parks, festivals, and anywhere else congested where I feel that I need a little extra protection for my valuables when walking around.

Highlights:
* There are multiple pockets to put everything and keep it all organized.
* The top flap folds over (secured by velcro) and has a zippered compartment under the flap
* There are zippered pockets on top of the flap (keys, something small to access quickly) and along the entire back of the purse, large enough for maps, boarding passes or other paperwork you need easy access too.
* The inside of the largest zippered compartment has a padded compartment for an ipad. I'm not sure if it will fit with the ipad case on it because I haven't tried it yet. This compartment also has 2 mesh pockets and a zippered pocket
* There is a compartment with slots for your credit cards (although not a ton of them) with the RFID blocking, in a zippered compartment under the flap.
* There is a mesh compartment on the side to hold water bottles - perfect for travle and walking around town. Now I don't have to worry about everything else in my purse getting wet because I have a water bottle inside. When I'm not using the water bottle holder the side zips up so it blends in with the rest of the purse and you don't see the mesh.
* Slash resistent strap and side/bottom panels - to make you feel more secure.
* A clamp on the shoulder strap (that needs to be unscrewed,not just a clip) to detach the strap and wrap your purse around a chair or other object, so someone can't pick it up and walk away with it if you are distracted.
* Two of the zippered compartments (the largest on top and the one under the flap for credit cards) have clips that hook onto the zipper. This requires someone to take the time to first unclip the zipper before they can unzip it. This will provide an extra layer of protection, and hopefully give me time to notice the movement before anyone can get to the point of unzipping the pockets. I have to admit that at home I don't use the extra clips to hold the zippers because it is too much of a hassle - but I'm not that worried about pickpockets at home.
* I can even fit a decent size camera (not just a slim or compact) inside the purse - with an ipad and the other pockets filled. Granted, with a lot of items in the purse it can start to weigh you down, but at least you have the capability if you need it.
* This purse can rovide you with an added sense of security so you can enjoy your vacation without having to stress about someone stealing your cash, credit cards, cell phone,

I would suggest carrying this purse around for a few days before using for travel, just to see where you want to put everything and to get used to all the pockets. It took me a few days to find the best place to put everything so it will be easy to access when travleing, but still secure from pickpockets.

Suggestions for improvement:
* The largest compartment which zips at the very top of the purse is not under the flap, which makes it easier to access - but also makes it easier for pickpockets to access. Luckily the zippers have a clip as mentioned above. Putting the largest zippered compartment under the flap would make this purse even better. There are already 2 other zippered compartments outside of the flap, for quick access.
* Add more slots for credit cards/ID so we don't have to double up with a few cards in each slot
* Instead of velcro, or in addition to, add snaps to keep the flap down
* Add a zippered (maybe mesh) pocket in the same compartment as the credit card slots, so we can keep our cash and change organized in there.
* Add more slots for pens (there are currently 4 total - 2 in 2 different pockets)
* Make the mesh pockets inside the largest compartment a little larger - I had a hart time sliding in my compactJust what I was looking for.  I love all of the hooks and compartments. excellent qualityThis is a great wallet. It is made of soft leather and has a really great feel. The slide out card holder can be used on its own. This is good for occasions when you only need an id and some cash.  The wallet comfortably hold all my cards and does not feel bulky. Best wallet I've had.Got it one day, they may take some time to getting used to but they are worth it.This is very cute and seems to be of good quality. I love the little cape that detaches! Size runs on the larger end of the spectrum and it does not seem to shrink.I forgot about Docs. These fit my size 14 feet and are the only shoes I can wear without orthodics for my flat feet. My choice if I have to be on my feet for extended periods. My only complaint is the toe is wide which makes my big ass feet look like Frankenstein's.I purchased this item for my wife because she is constantly losing things in her purse. I, naively, thought that she would use the separate pockets to hold her important items. Now she just throws everything into the center pocket of this 'purse'.
It is well made and would probably be a fine addition to an person wanting some organization in their life. My wife, I am sad to say, is not that person.Even though they are somewhat small, they cover the bottoms of my feet which is what I need. The extra grip on the back of the heel keeps them in place in my shoes even through a rigorous gym workout.These are amazing. They fit perfectly and I am glad I didn't order a size smaller otherwise it'd be too tight and not comfy. I went with a size small (I was size XS pre baby). These tops stay up and make nursing in public not so scary for nursing cover dependent mamas. It allows for discreet nursing. Clipping to a bra is not necessary since they do stay up pretty well. I'd love to have these in every color!Read other reviews before purchasing. I usually wear a medium/large panty, but ordered th XL and it was still snug.Nice glasses for the priceSo much more comfortable than Ugg.
Warm and cozy. I hate the big metal label on the back of boot. The label is crooked.
I got some black leather and glued a piece of leather over the metal label on the back of the boot. Other than the big ugly metal label, I really like the boots.
They look so much better without the ugly metal label.I initially ordered these in a size 7.5, but they were a tad big. Gladly gave them to a friend who fit them perfectly. The size 7 were my perfect size. I would suggest to go half size from your formal shoes, but htis is not a good suggestion as I have Size 8 formal shoes that fit too.
Pros: -They are comfortable, once you get the correct size. There are no gaps between my sole & the shoe (as some ill shaped high heels tend to have).
- The colors are awesome. Dress up any outfit all year round.
- Amazon pricing! Who would not want to spend <$15 on good shoes?
Cons: The size, maybe the company can have a table of sorts. Not that bad thought.He loved the boots. He's in construction and needed the steel toe. Worth avoiding the stores and buying on amazon.  I'd recommend for sure.This is my 3 pair of Asics. I just love the comfort & quality. Great shoes. I ordered 1/2 size up.Great productsize fits perfectly and I really love the style, it looks gorgeous.If only the USPS was better at tracking, I would have had a much less nervous wait. As it was, it was past the estimated delivery date that my boots arrived in NZ, let alone at my door!
I have no complaints at all with the vendor (Beston) - they shipped the boots promptly and gave brilliant and quick responses to my emails while I waited for the boots to be delivered.
As for the Boots - they are heavy and Stompy and awesome, and I love owning them - I just need to wear them in as soon as I can. I don't fear the Reapers!!They arrived way sooner than expected and fitted perfectly!! I read that some people had problems with the sizes but I went ahead and ordered my normal shoe size and I'm really glad I did!!An excellent Bra.. Extremely easy to clasp and well, I feel like I have no bra on.. talk about comfort!
love this product.Love the 580g blue lense. The best glass lense on the market. I have 9 pairs of Costa's and love them all.The best sandals ever. Comfortable, sturdy and easy to walk around. No unnecessary slipping
or flipping over at the ankles.I love this bag.  It is a good size for me and lots of fun.  I have it in red and blue.These are the best fitting jeans. Im 58 and like the higher waist as well as the looser hip and thigh. Super comfortable jeansSuper cuteI just received the package this afternoon here in the Philippines. I am impressed and satisfied with this product. It's exactly how I'd imagine it to be, only heavier than my other eyeglasses. The leather casing which came with the eyeglasses was also classy. It was worth totally worth the price.Love the shoe ! Comfortable but one of the crystals are out of line and cause a irritation on my foot as I walkexcellentLooks goodGood price and I like the bootexcellentGood shoesLoved itGotta love Chucks!These seem to be just as described, are for a gift, so won't know how they fit exactly.Nice qualityThe dress would be good for teens but the breast is a little large.It's adorable my granddaughter will love itGets over the knee and is great for winter, fall, spring wear.  A little too hot for summer.I purchased it for my daughter for Christmas i wish that next size up would have been available, but being a nightmare fan she loved it anyway. But I do advise ordering the next size up to anyone that buys it. Overall beautiful hoodie.I love it - its exactly what I wanted and the quality is great!My wife loved them!The product is top notch... Highly professional... Very well made... Great velcro... Veteran approved...

12/18/2015 Update

I was so impressed with the product the first time, I ordered one for my brother as well... I bought him a tactical backpack similar to mine, it's why I had to get this to go with it... Loved it the first time, love it the second time... HIGHLY RECOMMENDED...I like it, but it was shorter in length than I expected.  For comfort and good fit I need a longer one.So niceFun to wear - Ii have other bracelets, some with bellsBracelet is super duper cool! I love the sleek look and the tiny hint of gayness. only down side is when it gets wet the inside magnet does rustThis is my second pair I have purchased, my first pair were to big. Love this shoeGreatExcellent qualityLove these camis.The lightest running shoe I've ever had. Fits perfactly and have a great arc support, breathable stable and flexy as well. Bright, flourecent pink is so trendy.the XL size is good for guys with the  height of 180cm,and it looks great,my bf likes it very muchThe wash is beautiful.  The denim super soft and lightweight.  The cut is one size too big.  My daughter is a tall and slim 8 year old and is just now starting to fit into the size 7.Very comfortable pants and great for long 12 hour shifts.  However, for "active" scrubs, these were a little disappointing.  Not much stretch and if you bend over they are not bending with you.  Make sure you have a longer top on or everyone will definitely see your underwear.  These have also worn out in less than a year completely to the point I am already having to replace them.  Would buy again if they were cheaper, but for the price and since they get regular use I am looking into other brand options.  For the price and the cons I definitely think there are better options out there, especially if you are wearing them regularly.  They are flattering and do give more of a "feminine" outline rather than looking baggy and unisex, but I was not just overly impressed with these. I'm 5'4, 120lbs and bought a medium which fit a little loose but comfortable.  Do not get them tight or you will really be in trouble when it comes to bending or moving.fits perfectly and gives and amazing shape to your body. I am 5'3" 145 lb with broader shoulders and I ordered a small, which looks amazing!it is super soft, and great as a tunic for me (I'm 5ft). It is a little smaller than the size chart indicates, by about an inch all the way aroundShoes are comfortable and fit well with plenty of room around the toe areaI love the nerdiness aspect of this. I'm a woman and I ordered a small. Bit of a mistake if you are busty, but it's just a bit tight. I'm sure the hubby will like it that way, hahaha. The navy blue coloring is sweet too.Very comfortable slipper with a good durable sole that I can wear outside if I need to. I usually wear a size 8 shoe and so I ordered a size 8 slipper and my heel comes right to the very end. I would recommend ordering 1/2 size larger than you usually wear.Exactly what I wanted, I gave it as a gift and she loved it!This is a light and soft shawl that can double as a scarf. Because the description said "navy", I trusted that more than the picture since on-line colors aren't always accurate. To me, this " navy" was more royal blue -- deeper and brighter than the photo, but matching no navy blue I own. It was a beautiful color, but not what I needed. Working with La Purse, I was able to purchase the "midnight" which is, to my eye, a dark navy and just what I wanted.These were a little larger than I had expected but overall I really like these. I've purchased some bad quality Hanes in the past and these have held up really well. The elastic feels sturdy and I suspect it won't deteriorate within months.

If you're looking for a casual boxer brief that fits a little more loosely, I recommend these.I adore itIf you are looking for a fold up duffel to take with you, this is it!!!  It folds up to the size of LARGE burrito and can be squished fairly flat.  Bought it for anything extra that we might purchase on vacation and need a way of taking it back on the plane.  Will easily pass as a carry on!!  Sturdy handles and extremely light.  Liked it so much I bought a second one!!!!Used this for my 4 year old who portrayed Mary in a Church pageant.  The headpiece was a little awkward to secure and ultimately had to be tied a little around her hair and put in place with a bobby pin.  The elastic strap for her head was a little too large.  Other than that it was a great costume.Looks beautiful...,better than expected. Great quality...great price.I have 2 holes in each of my ears and I purchaed 2 sets one in the 5mm and one in the 4mm; they are perfect for my ears.

They haven't tarnished or caused issues with my ears.NICELove the fit and feel!Light, easy to useBought this for my grandchildren to give to their mom on her birthday. It came in a nice box and looks pretty on.I was not sure how these would be. I took a chance on a lightening deal and was so happy I did. They are beautiful.Feels more substantial than the fluffy gold toe and the athletic elastic is more snug. Something my aging ankles appreciate.True to size. Fit perfect!These are very warm slippers, I have to kick them off after awhile to cool off. I felt they could have been a bit more snug. I wear size 11 shoe so I thought they might be tight in that size range because of the reviews. But if I would have gone smaller I think they would have been way too tight so it depends on where you are at on the size scale. If the heel was a little higher they would fit better instead of slipping off a bit when walking then they wouldn't have to be real snug. They feel funny due to the memory foam at first but you get used to it.Easy experience.. great productComfortable and well made. Fits as expected.love jockeyMy husband loves this case!  It makes his watches look really expensive, LOL!  And, it's a nice way to organize his watches.  I even threw one of my watches in there.  Very nice.Head piece fits perfectly, arm pieces are a little big but can be adjusted with the velcro. Paint smell is strong but just air them out, no big deal.I expected the Purple to be a little deeper. It is almost pastel. In comparison, her brother has the chartreuse tone which  is more vibrant.went well with my costume. made well and fits goodI read other reviews and read that this was a costume that would fit more on the 9 mom side. My daughter was going to be 4 1/2 months at Halloween, and I decided to get it anyway. It was a bit long but still fit good when we got it. A few weeks later on Halloween, she was almost too long for it. But she is a large baby (99% tile for height). It still looked amazing, just the antennas didn't stay up, which is why I am only rating it 4 instead of 5 stars.I'll update review later regarding wear/tear and longevity; however, the first impression is nothing short of breathtaking! Perfect size- not gaudy! I can imagine anyone thinking this is the real thing! I can't stop looking at it! The metal, the stones,  the fit, the shine, everything about this ring is fantastic- obviously, the price made me skeptical ... but now I want one for myself!! (This was a gift my son purchased his girlfriend)... I'm sooo very pleased!Looks just like the picture, and so far, they have won both times I have worn it.NiceIf you like owls you will like this Necklace, I bought one and was so surprised how nice it was I ended up ordering 3 more for friends .This is a great sweater necklace ,its long not to heavy the chain works just fine so easy just put it over your head .the details are nice especially the black eyes ,this owl necklace really stands out and makes a nice statement already people have asked me where I got this and I was happy to tell them !Loved em!I've had this wallet for about a month now and it's still in great shape. I use this wallet and money clip daily with no problems up too this day. It does have the lamb smell too it but it's not overwhelming. For the price I would recommend this product. My father a week later decided to purchase the same wallet in black as I have the gray. Both are good wallets for the price. You can fit the right amount of dollar bills in the money clip without having too much cash.

Con: The side pockets are tight so you won't be able to put much in them.
The credit card slot closest too the money clip doesn't have a very deep pocket so you won't really be able to use that slot without your credit cards just hanging out.I bought this Band and didn't know how to put it on (no instructions with it)! There must be someone who knows out there?  I'll wait and someone will let me know in time! It fits the Timex Sport model. It looks great! KMLove my Crocs!Seems to be working very well.I like the top as far as the quality and material, but I am 5'4" , 98 lbs and the xsmall was just to big in the shoulders and neck.Great price! Love this brand.the only thing i didn't like was that i didn't get the little bag but other then that its what the picture says..May have been fitted for dwarves... Runs way small,  FYIThis purse is adorable. It is small, my wallet barely fir inside. Along with my keys and phone and a lip gloss, its full.  But, its really cute as a small bag. My only issue with it, its very cheaply made. The little zipper on the inside pocket was broken and the handle clips don't stay closed, but they aren't open enough for the handle to come off. I just hope it lasts awhile because its just so cute. For the price, its worth it.I just got this boots today and it is super cute but they fit a little small which I'm very disappointed about.  I ordered this in size 7.5M (which is what I normally wear) but it is just a bit snug without socks, no wiggle room.  I just check to see if they have  a size 8 available but it is not so I might have to just return.AAAAA+ AWESOME FINEST QUALITY AND MATERIAL.ARRIVED AND PACKAGED WELL . PERFECT FOR MY STAGE PERFORMANCES. THANKS.It runs super small so i ended up donating it.i give a 4 stars because the seller sent me another one because i dindnt g
et it for the first time.All is goodThe dress fit me really nice. I am 5-11 and the dress length hit the floor ! WHAT A NICE SURPRISE.
I ordered an XL (I am a 16) ...
but I am sending the dress back - the little sleeves & neckline looked a bit  matronly, for me.
Think the short sleeve might me to my liking Good fit & keeps my legs warm.It did not fit well, bottom was too tight but it's still a good buyIt was comfortable and nice shoes.Gave this to my girlfriend for her birthday. she loved hers, and I love mine. they even come in a nice boxALL OKThe jacket was slightly small than my grandaughters 2T.  Repells rain great.  Nice outer fabic.  Did not like the skulls for a child.Perfect!Very good support and still comfortableThis watch is very pretty and looks sturdy for only $4.  I got it to give as a gift but 'm definitely keeping it for myself!Bracelet has some stretch, fits great and looks amazing. It was the best accessory for the Gatsby Wedding I attended.Perfect. Like very much.I got these for a baby shower I hosted. I got stencils and fabric markers... little baby Stella wears her onesies every day!These Columbia Women's Sandy River Cargo shorts are extremely comfortable, although I'd hardly call them "cargo" since the only cargo-like pocket is large enough for but a tissue and a little loose change. I do wish there were back pockets. It's ok, these are super comfy, lightweight and perfect for day hikes and brisk long walks. Besides, a small daypack can hold the essentials. They don't cling, aren't too tight anyplace and are even have UPF 30 sun protection, though I don't usually apply sunscreen to the area the shorts cover...
These are the third pair of shorts of this sort I've tried (including the much pricier LL Bean ones) and the only ones not returned. They are lightweight, just the right length and don't cling. Although the waist is elastic, it comes with a sporty adjustable belt that I like. These are great everyday shorts, too. They aren't trendy, but they're not dowdy or matronly either, just a neutral activewear pair of nice looking shorts. I'd recommend them!These are well suited for winter as well as summer. A great wear.Fits great! Awesome blue in the ring. Cheap but great wedding band. Would recommend to anyoneLove love LOVE these shoes!!!! I wear them to work nearly every day and get such compliments. They do fit a little loose but I sewed a stretchy strap on and they're fine. I would recommend you order half a size down.Fit great, lightweight and good tread. The upper part of the sole is pretty soft we will see how long it holds up.good purchaseI have had this bag for awhile now and like it much better than when I received it. Very roomy, bright colors. I get many compliments . It is bigger than I expected, but I am happy with it.I'm not truthfully sure how long I could wear them, when the review ask me, I think everyone's feet are different and some people can tolerate different shoes longer, but I think this should be comfortable enough to wear all day, by only apprehension would be toe area may rub and become sore but I haven't worn them enough to report that. The white on the bottom of the shoe is very white white, which I really like not sure for how long that will last, if they get dirty the first day then it's my bad. They are unusual which is why I purchased them and they look fun and sporty but classy at the same time.  Came from China so I was also worried the sizing would be off, but it was true to size all my shoes are 8's and I ordered 8 and they fit fine. Shipping takes longer, but that is to be expected.These are great!! My son loves them i do too snd love the colors. Very quick delivery also:)What a cute little hat, looks super cute on fast shipping.Besides the fact the 3x fit like an xl I love this shirt! Make sure you order up or you will be unhappy, I wanted this to be more of a big comfy shirt but that was certainly not the case. Oh well, I repurposed to make it a going out shirt. Just know it most likely will not fit like the model in the picture. Lol happy shopping! (Ignore my lame bathroom pic, it's all I could find with the shirt on)I honestly wish I could give this 10 stars! I LOOOOVEE deadpool and this was just perfect for me! Ive had this for quite some time and it still looks new, it feels of great quality and I love how this looks!Loved this suit. Got so many compliments. Easy to wear and very flatteringVery good quality, I love it!Just received my boots today, I ordered the redwood because I have so many brown and black boots, they are very pretty, a brownish reddish color, I wear 9.5 in shoes and ordered same in these boots and fit is comfortable. The stud design is very attractive. Overall happy with the boots.Love these LIG creamy scoop shirts!! I have several and medium is always a perfect fit for me even if I gain or lose a few pounds. I'm 5'8" and currently 150 lb for reference. The scoop is cute without being too revealing. I like my shirts somewhat loose because I'm a mom of four with a slight "mom pooch" that I try not to draw attention to. Great price here on Amazon.These sandals are SO COMFORTABLE.  I work retail and stand on concrete all day and these are the best for my feet.This wallet won't last long because isn't very well made, but I love Marilyn Monroe and holds all my stuff.Plain and simple. Fits wellThese fit surprisingly well. They aren't super tight, and while the black fads as they stretch, nothing shows underneath (I did a squat test).I was hesitant to change style of the 18 hr bra, but I must say that I am truly thrilled with this bra and will be buying more of them in the future.excellent item. i love itThis is a super fun and comfy shirt! Right bit of flirty without being too revealing, and the fabric is very soft. The half-length sleeves are a great touch too. I'm built like an amazon (broad shoulders, tall, stocky) so it can be hard to find shirts that look right. This is very flattering!I really like this ring.Very comfortable shoe.I recommend  itLove these socksThis was my first shoe purchase on the internet. Love the shoe...fits great. However on the inside left shoe there is a stain. Not sure what it is because I tried a couple different ways to remove it with no success.Great for strapless dresses and topsIt is a bit towards the large side even though it says medium but I would say if you are on the higher side of medium size where medium fits you exact right this will work as well.It is a beautiful shoe and very comfy footbed.  However, I have a high arch and the strap is cut for a much thinner foot, not one that has any height/thickness to it.Received promptly, size is as advertised and good qualityNice fit and fabric, color is beautifulLove these shoes, we've had others in the past. They are easy for my 2yro daughter to put on and off herself. I gave 4 stars because after wearing one time the flower fell off. The weld joint failed that connects the flower to the metal tab on the shoe. I ended up having to hot glue it back on. We'll see how that holds up.Just rightGreat addition to make your dress poof!I really love this dress!!ThanksThe only issue is they do not come in half sizes.just what I was expecting and fast shippingthe wallet itself is really sturdy and nicely made! my only issue is that the card sleeves are just a smidge too small but otherwise i'm satisfied with the purchaseNicely done. Good quality  leather band.These are unbelievably comfortable!!!!  No need to break them in...As expected good fit nice quality I was surprised when wearing them people recognize the brandWhat I didn't realize is what this shirt represented, it puts love in the eyes of females, and they focus on me! After I've attracted the desired amount, I have to put another shirt over it so as not to induce a flashmob of hot girls.A little snug due to padding in the boots but not overly tight at all.This costume was exactly what I was looking for! I didn't want to spend a fortune on a spy costume for my son and this looked great on him. He loved it too! Now it's in our dress up trunk and I'm sure it will be used again and again.Beautiful vest. Fabric looks almost real. Ran small for me.pproduct arrived finethese socks are very thinFits nice, love the color.I've ordered several things from this company, and have had difficulty with size and other things (like the very strong smell -- what IS that?)  But this dress is a huge success.  The material is substantial but not hot.  It has a fantastic drape and feel on the body.  It has pockets -- rare and wonderful in a dress.  I just love it.  I am a size 6 and ordered way, way up -- worked out perfectly as it swings around my body in just the right way.  Works as either a beautiful dress or a great long tunic over jeans.  Beautifully made.  I wish the makers lots of luck -- they deserve it.  And I highly recommend this dress.Love the hat. It is very stylish and is made of durable yet breathable fabric. Just what I need right now working in the yard or on the river here in a Texas summer. It does run big though; I could have used a size smaller.These sandals are Cushy and Comfy, and the price is great!  I have worn them all day, and they remain comfortable.  I haven't walked great distances in them yet.  I've got fingers crossed that they will be comfortable for my long walks.It looks really goodMy mother loved it.  Thanks!So far so good .Whats the difference between PRG270-4JF and the PRG270-CR?Love this, feet too big though.Very niceGreatThe costume is Spectacvular, more not the manufacturing, the fabric is very transparent. All the aspect is awesome.GoodVery, very slim fit but nice feeling material (25% Tencel is great!). I might re-order in a larger size, but be advised, they really are "skinny fit"GreatAs a Chucks lover, I had to try these! And they didn't disappoint. It's a very cool way to present Chucks.These boots were exactly what I was looking for. I wear them through the fall and winter when its drizzling/raining/snowing. My feet don't get too hot in them and they're comfortable enough that I can pull them on when going on errands and on my commute to and from work.It was exactly what I had been looking for.  It arrived as scheduled and I have worn it and gotten compliments.Cute and roomythe color is not exactly on the webPerfect fit and looks just like the picture.  My daughter loves this dress.  I would recommend this dress for anyone.Great - Thanks!I love these slippers!  They fit well - don't fall off my feet.  Like walking on a cloud.  I love putting these on after a long day at the office or first thing in the morning to walk across cold floors.  I would purchase them again.Great!  Didn't like that gold band on the back, makes the boot look a little extra "faux" --aka fake, but love them all the same!Awesome! Super seller:)Love it!! It should have had credit card slots!! But i love itJust what I wanted--long, sturdy (replaced a plastic shoe horn that broke).nice...have manyI love this dress its just so sexxy!Feels good can walk around and looks good with pants and dressesThese are very comfortable boots. I am on feet most of the day at work and these boots being light weight really get me through the day! My old gore-tex boots i had were heavier and I wouldn't waste no time kicking them off when I got home. Best part about these is the quick lace. Now i won't have to worry about knots coming undone.Love the shirt but I wear mediums in everything but Columbia gear, this shirt I needed a small, but I don't like my clothes baggy.I put my  special supports in them. I was so pleased I bought a black pairLove love love these shoes !  I love anything orange but these shoes are fun, comfortable and pop with color !Perfect workout shorts at a great price.Surprised to see this Carhartt that was made in Nicaragua. That been said, I see very little quality difference with its other, American made work clothes.Good shoes, good fit. No surprises. You can't beat thatThe slippers were nice and clean. I do not understand I we need to separate accounts to complete the orderQuality was good for the price but it wasn't lined and small for me (ordered a small -34-28-36 & 120 lbs). I will order a medium and just buy nipple stickers.Got this for a Christmas present and I don't think she has gone a day without wearing it. Beutiful classic lookTotally satisfiedi like these shoes but they are somewhat wide but overall they fit perfectlyWhat a pleasant surprise. The quality was good as was the fit. Looked very nice with a black suit!I love the shirt but it's too smallI am 5'4" and a size 12. I bought a M/L (size 8/10) thinking it would be a better fit than XL/XXL (12/14), because i didn't want it to be too loose. I squeezed into it but it makes my thighs bigger than the are. It does shape well though! I will buy it in the correct size (:I will order one more. I love this workout jumpsuit.  I will order a size bigger just because I like my workout clothes a bit looser.Exactly the way it was advertised. No down falls to this wallet. Great product!Like these earringsA good shoe, but my wife was fortunate to try it on at a store first and realize they run a half size too small.Just what i was looking for!this box is great for what I was looking for, price wise and craftsmanship

Overall its a good buy, would definitely buy againI bought the shoes for walking. I wore them for one day before giving this comment. The colour and style is classic which I really love. The 2E width is roomy enough for me . The shoe collars are a little bit high for me. Maybe  9.5,D is also fitful for me, but I don't plan to change. The shoe tongues are long, thick and warm, which I don't know whether they are functional or just because they are for stylish reason. In a word, they are good shoes, great in their colour and style. I will take them as everyday walking shoes, except in very hot days.I loved this dress.  It was a little short wasted on me, but most dresses are. I wore a belt it looked perfect.  The quality if the dress is amazing.  I will order from this seller again.Fits as expected and very comfortable.  Don't buy this if u want tummy control it will not hold you in much but does work to smooth out the backI had to order a 1/2 size up even with measuring before ordering.  Once I got the correct fit, I absolutely love them.  So easy to get on and just the right bit of support.  These are my go-to shoes now.My father was in the Marines and likes anything with "Marine" on it. He liked the logo screen print on the front of the shirt, and said that it was comfortable. It fit as expected for the size I  ordered. The screen printing is not a very bold color but a bit more muted. I have washed and dried it in the machine, and it holds up fairly well. The gray color goes nicely with his jean shorts and long jeans that he likes to wear casually. It is particularly nice for those men who don't like the "In you face" lettering on their shirts, but a more quiet statement.I just received my chain yesterday and I love itLove itEverything arrived as stated. It was a snap to put together. My wife is thrilled.
Thanks!Love love love! I ordered a 6.5 I should have got 6...but they still fit okay.my wife look so hot in this top and shes glowing this package arrived on time thank you so much  for makeing a clothes fit for pregers women like my selfreal comfy!Good for the priceI really like these little outfits and bought four of them for my six-month-old boy.  He drools a lot right now so the matching bib was very appealing and it's doing the trick to keep his chest dry. My only complaint is that the onsie and pants aren't very soft. Hoping they soften up after a few more washes.colorfulWELL MANUFACTURED BACKPACK.  IT IS A LITTLE BIG, BUT IS LIGHT FOR ITS SIZE.Very good productCute flip flops for little boys, but seem to run at least a whole size too big.Very cute!  Great price!  Always love rare editions!!!!WorksGreat quality.Fits as expected. Logo was a bit off center but not terribly noticeable.They are wonderful except they are a lil snug fitting at first. You'll need to wear them a few days to break them in. But they are made well and so handsome looking! I'd say it's worth the money we spent.Loves itVery nice. We have had it now for 3 years and my daughter still loves to use it for everyday! We got it for her to use at prom if needed - which it was! It was nice and big enough to cover her in a poofy dress and her date during walk in :)Would recommendThese Danskos the cutest most comfortable shoes that I've had in a long time order the size You wear not a size up as they run true to size..... I wear mine up to 18 hours a day as a Flight Attendant and My feet are tired but they don't hurt.......... love them...... :)Grandpa loved it! Fit as expected.This onsie is too cute!! It fits perfectly and the buttons are easy to snap yet to don't come off as you wear it. The material is wonderful! I've already bought a couple more outfits since this purchase and could not be happier!This item is exactly as pictured--adorable and festive.  It did not fade or shrink when initially washed.  I actually bought this for my son who wanted holiday pajamas and likes cats.  They seemed sufficiently gender neutral in the online photos (even if these days all cat patterned stuff is aimed at girls) and were in real life as well.  A total hit with my 3 year old and even his 6 year old brother approved!Perfect fit, I can't wait to wear this dress, too cute and comfy. Ready for church, casual, our night out on the town.I love the look of these shoes.  They fit pretty comfy, but know that I will have to break them in a little since they are leather.  Since I am only 5'3" I love the extra "Tall Up" sole.  I would buy these again in another pattern.  The reason I gave only 4 stars is that I had to keep putting them outside to out gas the odor.  Just smelled like a chemical.  Now they're great.Super good quality. Very nice colors. Cute design. I'm very much satisfied with the product. It fit very nice to my girlLove it, easy to pull on and out . My lucky charmGreat pants make
Your butt look awesome and wash easyI bought this chef's cost for my husband as part of his Halloween costume. When it arrived, I thought it looked pretty good. The material is of good quality, it wasn't thin or cheap. I wasn't fond of the knotted buttons, but that wasn't a big deal.
I bought him the XXL, he is 5'11", 190 lbs, and normally wears an XXL. I think an XL would've been a better fit.
I asked him for his opinion on how many stars he would rate this coat, he said 4 because "the body fit well but the sleeves were too long."
Overall, we were pleased with this product.Just what I wanted for summer.  Very cushy and comfortable to my feet. Sometimes I don't want to go barefoot and this is the closest thing to it.Cloth was a good thickness and a good lengthThese work great for my purpose and when I order t-shirts I ONLY ORDER Russell products. Great quality for the price!I used to wear some other model of Gold Toe but switched to these after finding myself having to constantly pull up my socks. Not a problem with these over-the-calf socks! They don't feel overly tight and it's great not having to stoop over every 5 minutes to fiddle with your socks.

If you find yourself having to find a pair of matching socks every morning, here's a protip: 1) find your favorite pair of socks, 2) throw out/donate the rest of your socks, and 3) buy a bunch of pairs of your favorite sock. BAM, no more searching for that missing pair.Perfect item for a military Spouse!!GreatGreat A++++Only good things to say. Smooth and simple. No complaints. I can easily recommend other people to purchase from this company.I wear these in the courtyard of our townhouse, usually with the heel strap flipped-up as shown in the picture.  They are comfortable enough for my size 10.5 (USA) foot.  I can wear them with or without socks.As others have said, this does run a bit large. It is cute in person. I bought it to wear on the 4th of July and got lots of compliments. The fabric wasn't really what I was expecting to see, the floral portion being a bit thinner than I'd imagined. I'm mostly using it for a cover up now, which it is perfect for. With a camisole underneath, it's perfect for hot days- the fabric is very breathable. If you are a modest dresser, this is probably not the top for you.The size my husband usually wear is 10 and I choose 10 W for him since this shoes are kind of narrow style.
It turns out that the shoes fit perfectly.
Very good price and great quality.Product was as expected, of good quality and very timely deliveryAs good as I expected, make sure your size before you buy it~They all came in one big bag and all stuffed together. The sizing was a bit off but they fit better than expected. The lace is a bit itchy when you wear it for long periods of time. Overall a very good value for multiple bras.I love these shoesLooks Awesome, great price!I received these boots some days ago, for now they seem to be comfortable and warm, not too bulky. My kids prefer them to the other boots, they are not so lightweight as I expected but not too heavy either, they can even easily run in them The liners are easy to insert, still I hope there will be no need to dry them after every use, I hope they are completely waterproof like rain boots, we'll see...Pretty decent hat overall.  Quality seems very good for the price. My only issue is that it's just a little too tall for my head and style.  When I pull a hat down tight on my head, i.e. like most low profile hats, I don't want it to push down on my ears. This one does a little, which among other things, doesn't allow room for sunglasses.  Overall very nice hat, just a little too tall.This is awesome!  I bought it for my granddaughter..she loves it.  It is very spacious with lots of pockets and very well made.WOW!!!Just a litle big. But I love the color. :)These LifeStride Shoes are very comfortable and stylish.  I was looking to replace an older pair that I really didn't want to get rid of, and these fit the bill.  the wedge heel adds the support for to my knees and they are high enough to promote a professional and sexy feeling in my dress slacks with out looking like my grandma shoes.  I would recommend these to any woman that suffers with knee pain.This is my third pack of these underwear, I've been losing weight so I keep having to buy new ones in smaller sizes.  These are pretty comfortable, but when they're too small, they will rub and pinch and be very uncomfortable.  You do have to make sure to get the right size.  And they never quite seem to hold up as long as I think they should.  It's not like they fall apart right away, but if they stayed nicer through another couple of months worth of washing & wearing, they might get 5 stars from me.  Still, I like them.  They're comfortable, and the price is right.Nice quality. Bust was just too small for me.so longFortunately, I bought the largest size for my four- and two-year-olds. They do cinch tighter, but both hats fit nicely even in beach winds. I've received many compliments on the hats, and other parents have bought them after seeing my kids wearing themThis is a nice quality product, the cotton fabric was very soft. I ordered a large because I am pretty large on top (34 DDD) and this was just a bit snug for a large. I will probably order other colors in the future, but will opt for a bigger size.This isn't just plain "cool." It's Infinite Cool.

Except for some modest puckering on the seams, this is a nicely tailored men's shirt. I'm 6'1" and 172lbs and my normal shirt size is 16-34/35. I ordered both this and the regular version.  The slim cut is definitely thinner throughout the body than the regular version.  Both fit me, but frankly, I prefer this version.  ("Traditional" fit shirts from other brands are much larger than both of them...I find them practically unwearable.)  Sleeve length is perfect and since I almost never wear a tie, the neck size is immaterial.

Like the regular version, there is puckering on some of the seams. This is particularly noticeable on the seam that runs across the shoulder blades and is the primary reason that I'm only giving this four stars.

The cloth is 100% cotton. It's a bit stiff, but I expect that to soften with time and a few trips through the laundry. The material doesn't retain heat and is well suited for summer wear. So far, it's wrinkle resistant, with the inevitable small wrinkles disappearing with a bit of steam and hanging.

If you have an athletic build, this may be preferable to the non-slim cut.  Otherwise, I'd stick with the regular version.Does every thing it said it wouldLove these pants! I will be buying more in other colorsI purchased these boots over two years ago. At that time, they came with the metal side shields (now they don't). I need steel-toe's for work, and I ride a Harley, so these are dual purpose boots for me. They are extremely comfortable and totally waterproof. On a ride from Milwaukee to St. Louis, I got caught in a torrential downpour, and the only thing dry on me was my feet. I would have gave them 5 stars, except the front of the soles tend to wear, probably from me putting my feet down too early stopping. But, I've since bought another pair, and they are totally worth the money.I have another pair of these that are the exact same size and for some reason the ones I ordered here are ever-so-slightly larger.  Still really great shoes.great fit. liked the look of the CB version with stripe betterYes size is true!The wine color is definitely not wine, burgundy or maroon. It's straight up RED!Bought these for my daughter.  Very nice looking.Perfectgood cape for what it was for. Nothing fancy about it just a standard red capeLove how compact this is and still holds so much. I got the grey color and it is very expensive looking.  It is a little awkward at first since you have to open it long ways to get cards out.Love it!!!I love these so much I bought 2 in every size from 18m-3T.  Our kiddo is long, so bodysuits squish her toes.  These are perfect.its a nice watch but its big. recommend for bigger people with thicker wrist. not for skinny people unless your into that style. it heavy and seems legit overall its nice stands out a lotPretty.  A little heavy.It was a good sweater.Not good as real leather but quite good quality.Great shoe for doing lots of miles when you need a little extra cushioning. This shoe fits perfectly. I had already determined my shoe type by using runners world magazine . I would recommend this shoe to all runners.I LOVE THIS DRESS.  I am so happy that I purchased this dress for my upcoming wedding.  The fit was perfect and the style is beautiful!I ordered a size smaller than my regular size and I think I should have ordered just 1/2 size smaller.  Since they're out of stock, I decided to keep it. I'm still trying to break-in and it seems to be working... kinda...I sized up according to reviews. When the shoes arrived, they fit well. Now they've stretched out to be a bit too big and I have been caught with one falling off several times now. Not convenient with young kids!

So, if you want shoes that fit right out of the box, size up. If you don't mind wearing your shoes in, get your actual size.

As for quality, you get what you pay for. They have a suede look. If someone steps on your foot, you'll see it. Also, the material is rather thin and creases quickly. Not a long-term shoe, but I didn't plan on them lasting long. I just needed a plain black flat.Bought this on Amazon purely because it was going to be shipped to my door during the winter and I did not have to leave. It came  in the standard amazon box in two days (shoutout to Amazon Prime)! The fit is a little bit larger than normal - I typically wear a Large but i wear a medium un Columbia's.

Super comfortable and super soft, this fleece is definitely necessary during the chilly months for a college football tailgate or a day out to the zoo with the family.

Added feature- this jacket is beer resistant (okay I actually can not verify this claim but I have spilled a lot of beer on it and it always cleans easily)

As always if you found this review helpful, please mark it as such so I know what to include in further reviews.This dress is true to size, very feminine and flattering. I have no complaints, I' m very happy with the purchase!Comfortable great pair of shoes love them!Great quality and feel but it is a bit snug. I would recommend ordering one size up.I love these socks. They are comfortable and snug but not thought and they don't slide down in your shoes. I've ordered 2 more pairs.Love love love love it!!! What an amazing difference in my clothing. I feel even more confident and sexy!My husband has loved this little thing since he got it....but it being so small he loses it oftenThey fit me perfectly, look great, and are comfortable. I'm very satisfied with my purchase.I bought this for myself for my baptism in the ms river, it's so prettySuper soft and cozy. Definitely feels like a delicate fabric, must be careful with it when laundering. Would purchase again.Robe seemed a bit smaller than expected but still fits okay. The quality of the material was as expected for the price. I have been wearing this almost every day since I received it.These are very nice and comfortable. The inner part is well lined and heel is not high at all basically 2inches. The material is nice and soft doesn't irritate skin. The lace up gives room for adjustments if you have thicker calfs. Runs true to size, im a 6.5 but i got a 6 because i wanted them really fitting but 6.5 would still be fine.These shoes are heaven for my feet.Received on time, good quality, item as described.  Colors were subdued, but described well.Everything oktutto ok!!I am on my third pair.  Comfortable and wear well.  I sometimes accidentally where them out be cause you don't want to take them off.  I like the unlined ones instead of the fur lined.  Just a choice.

Give them as a gift to yourself or others. I would size down because they will stretch out after a while.I am so happy I have found these, was needing them after a surgery I was having due to the soon to be heat and the binder I was having to ware for 6 weeks would rub the skin and one of the nurses at the doctor's office said these would be good if I could still find any.  I was able to get these two, white and black and they work great for what my needs were.  I think I will even enjoy them after all is healed and just ware around the house like back in my younger days.  Great for sun bathing too if you do it still in small amounts.These are better than I expected, fit well and I like that they are high enough my tennis shoes do not rub on my skin. I bought these for wearing to the gym and even after washing several times, they are still comfy and holding their shape well. Would buy again.Ok , I thought this shirt would of been made out off the newer softer tshirt materialnice fitting shoeGood qualityLove the t-strap. Nice cushioning which is important to me & very cute!Nice for the money.  Shipping was a little slower than usual.I'm usually a size 12.  I should have ordered a 12.5 or 13.I am very pleased with tent Im a size 9.5 shoe and these fit a bit snug.
Less snug would be more comfortable, maybe next time I will order nesxt size up.Nice fitFantastic comfortable and breathable long sleeve "hoodie". Perfect for summer nights or days in the fall.If you normally wear XL purchase a L when ordering this product. Runs big.This coat was surprisingly well made and fully lined. I would normally wear a small to medium coat but I ordered a large according to the reviews. It's a slight bit large but it works! Great price ...great looking coat!The crystal looks really good, but the metal over it has started turning black after around 10-15 times of usage.Very comfortableI love the color, it's perfect but they aren't quite as comfortable as I had hoped, the straps rub a bit, but I'm sure after some wear they'll be just fine.Shoes ran too small.  Had to send them backLove these rain jackets. Perfect for fall and can't beat the price. Super cute.It is perfectLove the shoe but as with most higher heeled shoes, I can't wear them indefinitely. I'm more of a flats wearer these days but these sandals are perfect for summer. The color and style is very versatile as well as  looking really good with a tan.  They were a little tight in the toe area until I wore them for awhile. All that said, I really love this shoe and how it looks with a variety of summer clothing.I got this for my Monroe. It fit well, the bar was the right size. The stone is a little crooked and kind of juts out, making it feel a little jagged like an earring. But it doesn't affect the look and it doesn't bother me too bad. It's really shiny and I love it.comes in handy when you want to just carry a few things. Very sturdy!I bought these sandals to use in the showers at my local gym, and they work really well for that purpose. They're made of non-porous plastic, so they don't absorb any moisture, making them easy to towel off to dry. Nothing worse than damp sandals in your gym bag.
The covering part is also plastic, though there does seem to be some fabric underneath, so that does stay a little damp after toweling if off. It still air dried quickly, and didn't cause any odors in my bag.
The soles are a little bit elevated, keeping your feet above the nasty puddle on the shower floors, and keeping your feet free of scary shower fungi.
The soles are made of hard plastic that isn't very forgiving, so if your foot doesn't fit in the well of the sandal, it could be a bit uncomfortable.
I like these sandals very much for the shower or poolside, but I wouldn't wear them to lounge around in, since they aren't as comfortable as my Rainbow flip-flops.Sooo happy that I found these for this price on Amazon! Such a great bra and so comfy. I bought three after searching high and low for the best price.My daughter, who is a size small, ordered a large and it was still slightly small, but fits well enough. The arms are a bit short. She likes it anyway.I did not follow the chart sizing properly so t was too big for me but it fit my friend perfectly she also said its extremely comfortableThe pair I ordered was too largeThese run big- had to exchange for a size smaller than i usually wear. Quality is ok but fair for the price.Cute.They're a little long on my feet but I wear it anyway because they're comfortable.I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest review.
I bought this key chain for my seven year old daughter who is obsessed with Star Wars. She has also become quite the key chain collector. She was very excited to see it when it came. Right away she wanted me to put this key chain on her backpack. She couldn't wait to show it off to her friends at school today. The ring of this key chain was very easy to open to put on the zipper. But it does feel secure enough on there that I'm not worried about it coming off in the day-to-day use and abuse her backpack goes through.
As other's have pointed out, the coloring of this key chain is inconsistent with the movie. And for the full price of this I feel it's a bit small. Plus is only one sided.
I am concerned that after a while the lightsabor and/or his foot might break off as the rubber is not the thickest. So we'll see how it hold up over time.
Overall I am happy with this key chain. And my daughter loves it, so at the end of the day that's all that matters to me.Pretty nice necklace, very shiny and flashy. Will probably never lay straight on a real neck. But I will probably get a lot of use out of it.i am very happy with the dress, Looks elegant and fots very wellNicely made. Great colors! Would order from Dakine again.LovedGreat pants. Sturdy and comfortable.Nice Durable bag with lots of pockets!!  Wish I would have got the 22"  but it still works for carrying my gym stuff on a daily bases/it really has a lot of volume maybe a little to much and the top was all natty. if you want it to look like the pic you'll have to do it your self it looks nothing that its almost like a long bowl cut, not much layers. it ok theres just work to be dine on it;)This watch is the best tritium tube watch on the market.  The only issue I had was when the day and date function started to stick and read inaccurately.  After having it cleaned, however, it hasn't missed a beat.  The tritium tubes are very easy to read at night.
Robert Bachle (-:
Fullerton, CAWell pleasedI have to wear scrubs for school in royal and these are a go to for durable scrubs. Love the double pocket on the bottom pocket.I have narrow feet the side fabric is loose and sags, careful not too twist your foot or like any clog you'll go down. They are very comfortable and cute. Just wish the fabric was more taught.these pants are so comfy and fit perfectly! 100% would buy again. Ordering them in 2 other colors. Im chubby so jeans are a struggle for me, I have large hips and smaller calves and these contour perfect & give a lot of stretch/movement, and they look like actual pants vs leggings. :}We have few pairs of those boots in a variety of sizes over the years. My son wants to wear them all the time in any kind of weather.Arrived last week, way before estimated date of April 18th!! Beautiful material & will go with anything.  I usually wear a size 6 or medium in US sizes, or 8-10 in UK sizes, but I ordered Large & it fits great, even the length.  Would buy it again, especially for the price,this shoe is just as expected; light, comfortable but a little tight at the end of the tongue. Even when loosening the shoestring, the toe was still tight. Granted, I have large feet, that's why I get the 4e. Overall, I am satisfied with the shoe quality.I really like that the fit is just like other Avia sneakers that I have. I was disappointed that the colors have too much gray instead of white! Always love white and another color.....pink...blue etc Without being too priceyNeeds to be softerMy son adores these boots.  They are not heavy or bulky like most rain boots and they come in such cute colors.heel is a bit tight, not enough room in toes, amazon sizing suggested 15, I think a 16 would work. going to give these to a friend.Nice suit but this size was too big so I ordered a different size and love it.wonderfulThey were perfect for me. I am on my  feet all day and they helped with the issues I was having with my feet and legsNecessaryFast shipping and just as described!Must cut off tag otherwise is visible at bottom, otherwise, nice T, comfortable.Love these pants - fit nice and loose, comfortable and soft.  However the draw string sucks.  It is connected so tying is impossible.Very comfortable and retain body heat wellThese are 100% cotton, they are comfortable, and have held up well so far.  The cotton is not the softest I've ever had, but it's ok. They were a good purchase and I would recommend them for anyone searching for cotton sleepwear.The color is as expected and the material is silky. It looked rich in image, but actually it is not. There was a dull finishing, but still it is good with black tops.Love these undershirts. These Hanes versions are longer than the average A-Shirt, so they stay tucked in. Also, they seem a little more heavy duty, less likely to fall apart after a few uses. Have a nice soft feel to them as well. Extremely comfortable, and they maintain their shape without stretching.Great for those of us who spend all day on their feet.I was aware that the sizes ran small for these shoes, but in the navy, the cost for a size 5.5 (what I normally wear) was less than for a 6.  I also bought a pair of brown in size 6, which cost less than a 5.5 in this color.  The 6 fits well and the 5.5 was only a bit small and seems to be adjusting to my foot.  It was more comfortable the second day I wore them than on the first day.  So, overall I like both pair and will continue to wear them.It is super cute.  I love that it can be worn for three seasons.  Together it's warm enough for winter but when you unzip the layers you have a more athletic looking jacket and if you need a dressier coat for Spring or Fall, you have the outer layer as an option.  I plan on getting this style for each size as my kid grows. It's perfect.GoodGreat product, fit perfectly. New Balance always comes in #1 when you have a kid with wide feet.This luggage is great for the price! I purchased this as a carry on and it's the perfect size for a business trip or week long vacation. It feels fairly durable and the design is extremely cute and recognizable if you happen to check it (no guessing whose bag is whose here). It fits perfectly in the overhead bins and I've received several compliments on how cute and unique it is. The interior is organized and sports a cute, modest pattern, with one side being a zipped closed and the other strapped in. The weight of the bag is pretty light and the wheels rotate in multiple directions, so it's been a breeze lugging it through the airports. I liked mine so much that we got my husband a&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/34-manlier-34-pattern-that-expands/dp/B004HKSENY/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">"manlier" pattern that expands</a>&nbsp;from the same brand. It's great for the quick trip when you just want to bring a carry on and not worry about checking bags.I'm always looking for good quality at a reasonable price for my son.  These fit the bill.  He's a little on the slim side and I don't like to buy his clothes too big.  These Levi's were a little roomy but fit.  I really liked the wash.The fabric was soft and reasonably thin. Like, this would still do the trick in colder weather. As far as cosplay goes (for which I bought this item), I don't like that collar is faux/simulated, but I guess it's a good compromise for preventing makeup smudges. I would call this product a must for any Bee and Puppycat fan although it's really not something you would wear every day (a version made from organic cotton or something would probably be better for the typical convention goer/stealth nerd).Excellent jacket for cosplay! Based on the Blu-Ray release, this jacket is one of the most screen-accurate I've been able to find and at a great price. The quality is excellent, well-finished and looks great. One of the nice touches was that the seller contacted me for my measurements to match me to the correct size, that was a very thoughtful feature and unexpected. The only issue I have with the jacket is that the closure is both a zipper and velcro, so if you leave it open you can see the patches of black velcro on the inner surface and they're kind of obvious. Since I wanted to leave the jacket open, I solved this by making small (about 1x1 inch) patches of brown naugahyde with velcro backing and sticking them over the existing patches, this hid them quite effectively and was an easy fix. A very nice jacket at a great price with a very authentic look!Super adorable costume. My little guy is 4 mos old and I got the 12-18 mos costume because he's a hefty baby and wears 12 mos clothing. It's a warm and cozy costume which is nice for a chilly Halloween, may be a problem if you are in a warmer place. The only problem with the costume that I noticed is that he tried to eat the mane fur.The bag is perfect for "carrying". Both zippers lock for safety which is GREAT if there are kids around. I wish it was just a little bit wider....other than that , it's a great purse.the best work boots on the market today.Love it! So cute and big enough for diaper bag.Looks good. I'm not sure how long the pyramid jewel will hold up, but so far, I'm pleased with this purchase.Love Oxfords...but I seem to recall a pair of Bass Oxfords fitting differently a decade ago.  The shoe was cut differently or so it seems...higher in the back portion of the shoe...I love the look...and comfort.  Some of the best shoes I've worn.Is really nice I was a little worried in comparison of price with quality but I'm surprised it's so goodGreat belt! Just smaller... two sizes smaller...My husband loves these boots...shoveled snow in them!!!Nice quality but could be a little bit more length!this bag is so vibrant and colorful, pretty in the picture but even prettier in person. Women keep complimenting me on the purse, I absolutely love it! I had to purchase another one in the lily design before they run out. Can't wait to get that one also!!!Can't do any wrong with buying New Balance most comfortable shoe aroundVery spacious. Great travel accessory.Love them!  :) fun and sassy!the bestI love the looks but the ticking is a bit on the loud side. I can't always hear it, but once I pick up on the sound I can't unhear it and drives me a little crazy at times. I no longer wear it at the office because of that but any other time is fine.Love the shoes but they are made a Lil big..My favorite shoes ever. So comfortable even when Im on my feet all dayloose their shape very fastI am 5'7" and weigh 190lbs and got the XXXL per the recommendation on the charts. It fits pretty good actually! The halter straps are a little short and if I was bustier (I'm a D cup) I could see there definitely being a problem in the top. As it is it fits pretty well and I think in the water it'll loosen to fit a bit more.

There are little pads in the top to help keep your nipples discreet and they slide around a lot- I'm going to have to sew them into place so they don't shift around as much. I can also tell the thread is a bit weak and predict I'll be sewing some spots after a few wears but for the price and how cute it is, I really have few complaints and I have the ability to fix the problems I see. Not everyone might have the time or patience for it though so keep in mind that those pads inside the top WILL look unsightly if you're going to be moving around a lot in this suit.This dress is amazing, absolutely love it! I didn't really expect the neckline to be as high as it is on me but otherwise it's very beautiful and fits me very well. This dress would be great for anyone really to where almost anywhere even to church.Fit is somewhat tight, but I knew it would be a snug fit based on other reviews.  It is definitely a layering tee: material is sheer. But that is what I bought it for, so it served its purpose.I actually needed this for a Halloween costume and it's surprisingly more comfortable than I expected. I may actually start wearing it to work.My husband loves these! A great fit and good quality for the price.I love socks!

These are such fun colorful socks!

What a great way to add a bit of flare to your wardrobe

These are comfortable to wear and breathe really well so your feet won't get hot.

These are 80% Cotton, 2% Polyester, 18% Spandex so they do have some stretch and give to them.

These washed really well, no loose threads of loss color so far.

I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. I was neither paid nor sponsored for my opinions--positive or otherwise--and all thoughts reflected in this review are solely my ownperfectThe picture is a little deceiving. I thought it was going to be more pink... But it looks almost red. cute item thoughNice watch! I like that!I love these shoes, they are beautiful.  I gave it a 4 because the front of the shoes is a bit tight.  I love the heal, it is not to high at all.I only gave these 4 stars because they come up so far. I have gotten used to the low rider panties & these feel more like "granny"panties because they come so far up. You really don't feel like you are wearing anything. There is no seams & the material is really light weight. Very comfortable. Fit great & doesn't ride upReally fun cufflinks!Perfect wallet to hold 4-5 cards and fit nicely into your front pocket.FlimsyVery nice short. A bit bigger but manageable.Very comfortable!good quality leather belt. perfect fit should last.ExcellentThe dress has a corset, so it easily fits different body shapes.Love these slippers. Warm and comfortable. Got this pair for a friend.Looks great! I like the quality of the material. Received lots of compliments.I wear these things all the time! It's great that it has a hard rubber sole. Very comfortable & warm.This ring is very dainty and pretty and will look good on a person with small hands.  I don't have small hands so the ring doesn't really stand out when I wear it, which is too bad because the stone is a beautiful blue color and the czs sparkle. The bands are thin but the quality is good.  I have been wearing the band and haven't had any problems with it.  The set is smaller than it looks in the picture, but the size information is in the description so I knew it would be small, it's just smaller than I had imagined!!  I bought the set to go with the Berricle sapphire art deco ring and while they work with it, I don't like them all together so I've just been wearing the band with it.  I wish this would have worked for what I wanted it for because it is a very pretty set and now will just be worn occasionally.  I have been happy with Berricle and the quality of their rings and will definitely buy from them again.perfect first Jewelry box for our daughter!Great gift for my granddaughters...I love the style of the Tanker boot, unfortunately they're VERY hard to find in black these days. I got the smallest size offered here but it was WAY too big so I had to send them back.This watch is huge! The face is a lot bigger than expected. Definitely a power piece. It's beautiful & gets lots of compliments though.Like these pants a lot - so far!  They're brand new for me and fit great - really exactly as expected.  Great look and feel too.  I hesitate to give them a full five stars because they're new and I have no clue how long they'll hold up.  Fresh off the hangar new?  GREAT GREAT pants.  Again - awesome feel and sleek lookMy girlfriend loves this, it works great and very stiff, runs small so i went up 3 sizeson time, right jeans.Good quality t-shirt, with good quality print. Way too small tho.I did size up one size because of reviews. He can wear them now with a little room to grow. My grandson, 2 yrs old loves them and can't get enough of the light up feature as he stomps around. I purchased 7 1/2 wide.lovelyI am very happy with the bag I received.  After reading some of the reviews I was concerned that it would be smaller then I thought. It is exactly what was described and will be perfect for the concerts I am going to at a stadium that requires clear bags.I love the look of the shoe, but the heel is higher than I can wear comfortably. This shoe is of really good quality materials.Good design, but some large for me. I try with other sizeReally cute. Fleece but top is thin enough that it's not too hot. I got the sheep print which is very cute!Nice leather and construction, heavy enough to use with a holster. The 1.5" belts are suitable for most all casual pants and jeans. For slacks wear the 1.25".Well made hat.This is the only brand of hats my husband uses. He seems to like them. They fit his large head so its great.These are a good solid product. Material is a good weight, pockets are well-designed, waistband is a nice combination of elastic and drawstring. Not the fanciest but I needed black scrubs and am liking these.

They've been washed about 15 times and are starting to fade just a bit. I think I will get at least 15 more washes before I have to think about tossing them.If you need to pack a lot of stuff, this suitcase is easy to organize and most important to move around.  It's a little lighter than the earlier models were.Excellent boot with adequate ankle support, lightweight, my husband can wear them all day.comfortable slippers.Excellent product.I wear a size 13 and these are just too long.  I'm wearing them, but should have done a return.  The quality if fine. As a do over, I would buy a 12.Comfortable shoes except for around my ankles but i think that is just how new shoes are.
Would highly recommend these over Sketcher steel toes any day.I love the elastic & draw string and the pants are very light weight. Only thing is they come in one length which were too long for me.They were very niceGreat shoes! very comfort...fit as expected!These were a little too big for every day wear but they are perfect for a night out on the town...They are great....I have CMT so I have to usually wear wide shoes...these actually are a little wider than expected..Weird fit around the shouldersGreat color, super small in the sleeves (and I have really small arms). Seam down the front which is weird.Decent quality, and a good fit for the price.GoodI like it very machI ordered this belt to replace an old of the same style.
The color is as shown.

The old belt lasted a long time, this one should also.just fyi if it makes any difference to anyone, the underside of the bill is green. hat is great quality though.Excellent wallet great qualityjust what I wantedThey were a little bit bigger than i expected but they are still amazing. Definitely recommend if you are looking for something simple yet flashy or elegantI purchased this bag for my brother's first year of high school. I love the fact that it can be tossed into the wash. It has many pockets and a lot of space inside. Well worth the price. And the prewashed material makes it look vintage and stylish.Fits great I order a size largerAlthough it is a bit large I love this dress!  Plan on purchasing in another color!Love these!  Definitely ordering more, like right now.  Can't wait to try all the patterns!  They are super soft and comfortable, and fit great!  I am pear shaped, so definitely thicker on the bottom (wear a 10 in jeans) and these fit awesome.I have 4 now and I love them! They fit well and are very comfortable. I would recommend this item to everybody.Great wallet for those that carry minimum in their pockets! Great quality too!Very cute shoes, they look a little silly but they are charming. Have had them for about two months to wear to work at a desk job. I have a lot of trouble with the back of the shoes cutting my ankles open though, even through bandaids. I tried some stick-on pads to cushion that part instead, but they only slide off after a while. Otherwise, these have a lot of room in them and the toe space is not constricting. I still like them quite a lot.I received these in the zinfandel color as a gift and couldn't be happier with them. Seriously comfortable, true to size, not bulky or chunky. They're low profile and light, very well constructed. A lot of reviews say these are narrow, but I have plenty of room in them with an athletic sock. I think my feet are a normal width.Summer weight, nice colors and soft fabric.  Just what I wanted.my daughter loves them! she's petite but they fit just fine! 2T They wash well too! Would buy them again!Very stylish. They fit abit tightThey call it a sweater in the description it is not however, it is a very soft sweatshirt for all intense purposes......but its nice and hubby likes it.LOVE IT. fits perfectly.Nice pants, Just too tight in the legs.Soft and nice. When you just open it, it smells REALLY bad. I just got mine and it's in the washer.Bali is the best! I mistakenly thought I would try other brands. Bad idea. This bra fits comfortably and gives good support.Fits me nicely. Wish more colorful was expact dark colors.These flip flops are okay.  Comfortable.  But my feet get sweaty in them.  Should have just gotten Rainbows.Perfect!! just like it was in the picture.Good quality for the price, but a smidge too small.These are cute but not padded, I added a thin insole and wear them with pride and stride.Love it plan to get moreArrived exactly as pictured.  Fit well, nicely made.  Very happy - plan to buy a few more.The cap looks good and it works with all my Velcro patches, but the slide adjuster for sizing it slips. I have a big head (7 1/2) but this cap still comes loose in the wind.I bought this for my chubby son he is 16 months and I ordered 3T. It fits well, material is good. Just try buying it 1-2 size bigger.Bought this set for my bf since it's starting to get colder.

Just for reference's sake, he's 6'0 and roughly 200ish lbs. Large fits him perfectly.

I think the set is great if you don't need anything super warm. But in the Northeast, winter here is really brutal. The cloth on this fleece set is quite thin, hence why I'm a bit disappointed. By itself, it's not enough to brace the chilly weather, especially if your apt doesn't have heat. But if you're indoors and there's sufficient heating, then this could do. And by sufficient heat, I mean you can wear short sleeves and won't feel too much of a draft. Otherwise, you'll need to wear a long sleeve shirt under to really trap in heat.

But on the positive end, the material is very soft and luxurious. It's a silky soft feeling when your hand runs through the top and the pants are the same. Sizing isn't an issue. I haven't washed the PJs yet so I can't say how it'll do once it's in there, but let's cross our fingers.These shoes are what you expect from FRYE.  I have several pair of the boots and sandals; they are quality leather and just get better with wear.  I would not recommend wearing these shoes if you are doing a lot of walking.  The braided knot through the t-strap can be a little uncomfortable as it will dig into the bone that sits right in the middle of the top of your foot.  However, the color is a very nice soft grey and I consider it very versitile.  I kept them and will wear when I am not doing a lot of walking.  I normally wear a 7.5 and have a medium width foot.  In FRYE sandals I always order a half size up; the 8 fit perfectly.Very nice! Size right on! It was only that my son didn't like the color, so had to return.Super cuteComfortable, but snug and a bit narrow. I'd have exchanged them for a size bigger, but the first night I wore them at work, I stepped in dog****. THEY'RE MINE NOW.Much nicer than expected, very soft and yet durable.  I've been an Uggs girl for a long time, never disappointed.Next time I will order the smaller size because this time I really made a big mistake with the size. Great product !.DurableWe needs it and now we haves it!good material, fits wellThis is my second pair of Orthaheel slippers (the puppies had a field day with the first pair).  Though I loved them, they took some getting used to and the new pair is the same.  Both pair have labels that rub your feet and have to be trimmed to be able to wear them.  It seems that a maker of slippers at this price point should be aware that their rectangular label has sharp edges and they should use an oval label that will not rub and make you want to cut out their identification.  Also, they are pretty stiff when new, but they do soften up over time and start to feel as though they were made just for you.  I couldn't give them a five star rating because of the label issue.Need Dr. Scholl or other orthotic for arch support.This is a very nice swimsuit. It did fit my wife good or at least she didn't complain. I bought it for her surprise trip to Cancun. I bought this, so one little suggestion to any men looking to buy this for their girlfriend/wife; One piece suits like this are not easy for women to use in the bathroom. I think she would have rather had a 2 piece.loved these boots, and i got so many compliments from them. they are very comfortable and i can walk around in them all day long.A little loose, and the face doesn't really look like stitch but I still love it so much! Super comfy and keeps you warm during the winter! Love it!Fit well, adjustable straps, well made.  The only downside - can't easily slip into them, they require adjustment.Very comfortable pajamas  little large but love the room in them. Don't want anything clingy you wanted it a little bit bigger so I would say that it's true to size but that's my opinion. Love them!Omg!!!Love this bag! Arrived EARLY!Not too big. Love the functionality of either being a crossbody or shoulder bag! Well made and sturdy. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!comfortableThey are lil bigger than I expected but with socks they are good. It's warm when you wear it in snow so I would say purpose solved. I am not giving the one extra star cos they are a lil bigger and a lil heavy for me.These fit true to size. This particular model is not very breathable, my feet sweat in these more than my other On Cloud shoes.mast is way to big for a kid, its adult sizefit greatIt does it's purpose as an umbrella.  I do have a lot of trouble getting the umbrella to actually lock into the closed position (the auto close only pulls the arms in, it doesn't lock the umbrella into the base)I was looking for a wool sock for a reasonable price, and this is what I decided on. I wear wool socks year around to help keep my feet dry and my athletes foot in check. It sounds counter-intuitive, but the wool actually wicks away sweat and helps my feet stay dry. I can't speak much for the longevity of the socks yet as I have only worn them a couple of times. They are very long socks, reaching about mid calf on me. My only complaint is that they are somewhat tight on my large calf's, so I typically wear they a little lower. Over all, this is a great sock for the price.This bow tie was the perfect compliment to the rhinestone dress my son's date wore to the Christmas dance.  We were having a difficult time finding the right color to match the stones in her dress...everyone commented on his bow tie.Gorgeous nevklace!!!!I wanted to keep them.. I loved how they looked on my foot.. I loved how stable the heel appeared.. but they were WAY TOO BIG.  There were none smaller or I'd of tried a 7.5.  I do think the sizing is off so take that into consideration when purchasing.For a 2x granny trying to recapture her youth, this is pretty good, but better for someone younger!!Ordered this for my teenage daughter, as part of her Morticia Adams Halloween costume; she loved it and got lots of compliments.goodJust a little smaller then I expected. Purchased to work in so I'll probably buy a matching color tank with lace to put under so I can loosen the top button as that seems to be my issue. Right size except in the bust line. Well made top though. I'll probably purchase another soon!They looked great but too small! Need a return authorization so I can send them back.Wanted a little bling to accent an outfit and these were perfect. They are just the right size and the quality is good. The rise color is very nice.
I received several compliments on them.These are soft and great for my baby's feet. The size 5 are small and the size 6 are much too big. I am disappointed that there seems to be such a large difference in sizes.

But we do have them in nearly every color. They're great.My only complaint is this particular Savane style pants don't have a metal clasp (the more expensive wrinkle free Savanes do). I have a bit of a belly and sewn on buttons have a tendency to break loose. That said, the sewn on button is quite sturdy, so I'm optimistic it will last. Another issue to note is Savanes tend to run long. I normally wear 34 in. length but Savane 32 in. fit perfectly. I've owned 6 pairs of Savanes (cotton wrinkle free) over the last few years and they are by far the best business casual work pants I've ever owned. They look good, they last, they are low maintenance and they are very reasonably priced.I bought the black leather gloves and was so excited to get them. I was quoted a long delivery (20 days I think), but received them in about 7 days or less, so even better! I love them. They are soft, stylish and warm. I was so excited when ordering them that I didn't change the size or color and placed the order. When I realized I accidentally ordered small brown gloves, I emailed the company to explain the problem. They emailed me back within a day and said they would send the ones I wanted (large black gloves) and that is exactly what I received. I am wearing them everyday and have received many compliments on them. Thank you!I'm obsessed with Roxy and this is a super cute dress for an amazing price. Love this product and already ordered 3 more :)This is a good solid choice in a pair of pants. I also have them in caster oil blue and still want to get the maroon or ox blood red. They're good enough and durable enough and gosh darn it I like em!First, I love that I didn't have to use disposable swim diapers. We went swimming a lot this summer and I was glad I could do my part to keep so many swim diapers out of the landfill.

The built in diaper had great elastic edges to create a snug fit and keep everything in. We didn't have any accidents. We just washed them out in soapy water and let them air dry. We didn't have any problems. Easy to use, easy to clean, no diapers in the landfill. It's a win / win for everyone.The chest band is perfectly sized, but the cups are a hair large--as in, you could stash a small handkerchief in there.  Seems well designed otherwise.Original authentic sunglasses were exactly as described. I compared the glasses I received from this company to an original and authentic pair and everything checked out perfectly 100% I ended up saving $180 by purchasing through Amazon rather than buying from Nordstrom or Bloomingdale's. I highly recommend this seller for Tom Ford productsbuy a iron gray pant, they sent me one black. I need to buy more, but I have doubt if they send me only black colorBeautiful and comfortable shoes. Look classic and stylish.These are cute and the fit exactly as expected. They are even comfortable. I walked several blocks in them and had no issues at all.Great on cloudy daysI was very imperessed when I received this necklace.  The price was cheap but the pendant does not look cheap at all.  It also was the perfect size, where you can notice it but it is not gaudy.  It is a keeper!I was afraid they were going to be too tight but they have a great waistbandThese are the cutest shoes and beautifully made:) I highly recommend them. Very fast shipping! I like that there is 1 Velcro strap instead  of 2. Very easy to put on and the Velcro is very strong and does hold very well. I may order a larger size just to have them for later. Have bought other Stride Rite shoes  before but these are my favorite so far.I love this small travel tote. I use it for my office job. It is made well and looks nice. Highly recommended.It's a great, fuzzy, super warm and cozy robe... that I got for my mom... in a XL/XXL... that fits me a little smaller than I'd like at a size 6-8. Order a couple sizes up and you won't be displeased!Great fit!  Very supportive!  Perfect for Zumba!This necklace has different shaded of blue in it making it compatible with several things. I have gotten many compliments on it.Perfect cap for theme parks.  That's if you have a tendency to sweat heavily.These are the absolute best sunglasses.  I purchased them for my daughters and they love them. They are so unique and everyone gives them complements.Cute and super softGreat shirt. Fits nice and looks sharp.perfectMy kid just love them. They fit very nice and are very easy to put on. they said is made of leather but I don't like the material very much.Runs a tad bit smaller than expected, but very nice item, none the less.NiceI ordered a large in this top to ensure it would not be too tight layering, and it fit!!!! Out of 5 tops ordered, this was the only one that fit. It is beautiful and flows nicely.

Very happy with this top.My grandson loved it, he's ready to get on a planeProduct as described but a little tight for 36 waist.Solidly built and beautiful. The make your legs look miles long, but are killer on the feet. Be warned they are narrow, so you might try a half size or larger to accommodate your feet. They are not zip up.My daughter loves these!M-size but quite big.
Quality is good.Love them!! He loves the lights, I love the quality!Love these pantsSalmon always builds good shoes.  The quality is awesome and they are really comfy.  Like most shoes in this brand they do fit a wider/higher volume foot if you need them to.  This particular model, however, is highly adjustable and would be able to also comfortable fit a medium to narrow foot.  The tread is rugged enough that I'm happy doing some light trail running in them, but the midsole is also squishy and supportive enough that I am happy to road run as well.These were perfect for my 3 year lids pizza making birthday party favors. Well made and a good size for the kids.Crocs = Comfort, it's as simple as that.  Cushy walking, easy to wear, looks good, feels good, goes with most everything from casual to almost dressy.Cute shirt! Just wish I had ordered a size larger.I really like it., and I'm picky when it comes to hats.. this lighter weight summer does the jobShoe was narrow compared to other adidas models.  Returning.Great shoes for my job on my feet 8-12 hour shifts. I only wear them indoors for work and they are great. It's like wearing socks that are shoes. Wearing them outside is fine but they are small form fitting and would probably get funky pretty quickly outside. So that's my thoughts. Get lots of compliments too about how cool and nice they look. Who doesn't love sky blue? Love em.The product was great except they could use more paint and it was a little hard to get out of the package. Otherwise, excellent and Dad loved it!So cute on my baby boy. There's is more pink in it than I expected but that's okay.Liked that the pads don't come out easily whenever i put them in the washNice Quality.  Fitting is confusingThe material is very comfortable, and the pockets are very useful, the fit is somewhat big on me and I got an XS, but adult sizes usually tend to be big on me anyway.I expected the wig to be thicker than it was but it was a good buy for the price of the itemThese stud earrings go well with the other Owl jewelry that I purchased for my daughter. She enjoys wearing them on a regular basis.little nephew loves itI am 5'10", approx 135 lbs. and bought a small tall. These pants are baggy and I would have been better off with Xsmall tall.  Length and quality are great. Legs circumference is generous (maybe too generous).Good. SatisfiedGreat for the price!EDIT: Star deducted! I was worried about the beads falling off and they have. Now I have to replace them. Beautiful shoes, but just keep in mind they're not going to last that long. I suppose if you're really careful with them (unlike me... I travel a lot, throwing them in bags and suitcases, etc.) they will last longer.

They arrived today, one day earlier than the earliest expected delivery date, so that was cool.

They look nice, well-made and good quality. The soles feel like they have a little cushion. I finally saw what people were talking about regarding the buckle. It kind of clips into place, which is so much easier. How smart!

My only concern is whether the gold beads will change color. I hope not!!

They do have an odor as other people have mentioned, but to me it's not big deal. I would recommend these sandals to others.Nice & softbeautiful shirt. I loved.Excellent coat. Saw the exact same coat under different brand names and always more expensive. Fast shipping.My daughter loves it. Thanks as describedYep great glad I bought itIt is absolutely beautiful. I love it. My brother committed suicide a few months back,and he had to be cremated due to being in the water for a few days. I love that I can always carry part of him with me now. Thank you. I purchased these boots because they had the square toe which I prefer and they had a near dress look. i.e., no distressed leather.  I would have liked a bit more shine to the section of leather over the foot  but they look quite good with my suit pants and sport coat.  SO, all-in-all, I am quite pleased with the purchase.I'm a fairly small individual and these are DEFINITELY quite small. They're not so small as to be unwearable, but they're ... small. For reference, I'm 5'2 and about 105 pounds. These cut in at the waist pretty badly. The length of them is fine, but down to about the knee they're fairly tight. Also -- the fabric looks a bit like leather or fake leather, but is a heavy spandex, and they show underwear lines like crazy. Otherwise, they're well made and very cute, no problems with holes or seams and I've washed them once (hung them up to dry, though). As long as I wear them with a longer shirt, they're perfectly fine to be seen in out in public.Beautiful bracelets! the smoothness to it makes it feel super comfortable and nice. I only wear it when going out, never when I am doing work or housework. I have received many compliments and have been asked many questions about it. It is a wonderful product and I have ordered another set (matte onyx and rose quartz) and anxiously await its arrival. I think buying these bracelets is my new obsession!I love the flip flop but they do run a little small.Delivery was very fast. Very pretty colors.  Use as a cover up over bathing suit.  Very light fabric. If you have large upper arms do not buy this.The headpiece was cute other than some on the snakes where coming unglued,  but could be because of the way it was shipped. I still like it.Much nicer than expected.  Worn many times and laundered several times with no unusual wear.  Very pleased with this cotton sweater (despite it's "made in" it's still good)I do not have as expected, they are a little big. But they are very beautiful.Bought for my teenager. Chose a size up once I read other reviews.Exactly, what I needed for my son to wear while ushering. We ordered a small and it fits great for a 12 year old.I love them!! They are very comfortable.These fit as expected, I wish they were about 1 inch longer, but even in the Long they don't actually run long.Love them. Nice and light.I normally wear  an 8 but that size wasn't availablelooks fine fit's fine :)My daughter wore it under her Izzy Halloween costume and it was just perfect in color, fit, warmth, and softness. Going to order a few more colors.PerfectIt is wonderful to be able to get an all cotton product these days.  These are comfortable and feel great.My son loves it.  I wpuld give 5 stars if there was a bigger size than a small or toddler.The costume looked and fit great. After wearing it once, the feathers began falling off from the wings. They are real bird feathers, which looks really cool. Could have been glued on better.Very comfy with excellent arch support.  Have a very stable feel to them for walking.  Love the toe support that protects the material from getting a hole poked in them by one's big toe.  Love the chocolate shade and the soft lining.Very pleased with the product, well packed, good delivery and meets my expectations. Very similar to a product we used to get in Australia called "Weekenders"I purchased the stone for a birthstone necklace & wanted matching earrings - these are perfect - the post is just the right lengthBest socks ever! We absolutely love our socks and they fit perfect! Will definitely be purchasing moreThis shoe horn is just what we wanted.  Sturdy, appealling with wood and a suade hanger.  Arrived with no fuss.Beautiful and comfortable.  Worth the price!greatI bought these for my daughter and she loves them! They are so comfortable and fit perfect.A bit baggy and too much fabric, but overall, did the job by keeping me warm this winter.Just ritghexcelenteThis is going to be a gift, so I can't really say that I love it because I haven't worn it.  It is very small and delicate, but not in a negative way, It's really beautiful.Wondered why the price was so much better than local retailers.  Several different versions of this watch.  The one received is the low-end model with no second hand and missing some other nice features on those being sold locally.The Looks good. I wanted something that is clods me at the top and not too big and this fits my requirements. The material finish is little rough to touch but that is okay. Overall a nice bag. Will see how it holds. I will update how well it withstands wear and tear.Medium weight jersey.  Nice warm t shirt.Great!  Just the right size!Cute boots but seemed to run (no pun intended..lol) small. I also had trouble keeping the boot up around my calf, it felt like it was going to fall constantly.I like wearing this backpack. I've tried quite a few out and it's taken me a while to find one I actually like wearing. It's non-intrusive and I find that my macbook is a good fit for the laptop sleeve inside. I recommend trying a few backpacks before settling with one, but you should at least give this one a shot.ME GUSTAN MUCHOMy daughter is tall and skinny for a 8 year old. This fit perfect. I would have preferred the shirt be a smidge longer to cover more of her belly but absolutely adorable!Great shoe. The bottom sole is a bit thin. It took a few days to break them in. Very cute!Item was purchased as a present.No insulation at all, but it works fine as a rain jacket (as advertised).I have a smaller head and it fit perfect. It was very comfortable and flexible from the first wear. I was expecting the mesh to be stiffer but to my surprise it was soft and silky! I love this hat!I'm extremely satisfied with the watch, solid built, great finish and look. Recommended!
One thing, i received the rubber strap instead of the leather in the pic which i actually wanted more than the leather, but worth to mention for buyers.I purchased these shoes for an upcoming trip to Europe. I wanted a waterproof shoe that didn't look like a pair of hiking boots, to wear for hiking as well as city wear. I thought these would do. They are fairly comfortable. The problem being with my feet, not the shoe. I have had several broken toes on my right foot and over the years these breaks have caused deformations and athritis in my big toe. I have a difficult time finding shoes to fit comfortably. Clarks usually do fit me well. These are a bit snug across the top of the shoe where the elastic is. I'm working on stretching them out.
As to being waterproof, I give them a 100 percent! I wore my shoes in very wet grass, while it was dizzling and picked raspberries from my garden. My clothes got soaking wet but my feet stayed dry!  I then went on a three mile walk after it had just finished raining. I walked through puddles, grass, stone walkways and sidewalks and my feet stayed dry. The soles did not get slippery on the different surfaces. They passed the waterproof test.Great looking hat! Fits great, has worn well. Love it!My little boy looked awesome in this hat!  It drew tons of compliments!Let me begin by saying that I am a curvy woman. I usually wear a size 14 or 16 or a L or XL, and am about 5'5" tall. I have ordered other clothes in the Thanth line and all have been very constistent with regard to fit. I order a large in anything with a looser fit and an XL in anything more form fitting. I ordered this in an XL and it fit perfectly! It hugs my curves, but has plenty of stretch, so that it is smooth looking, especially around my backside.

My favorite thing about this brand is the fabric! Lightweight, super soft, and stretchy, The colors are rich and jewel toned, holding up well over repeated launderings. They have become some of my go to pieces in my closet.

I did receive this product at a discount in exchange for an honest review. A positive review was not required and try to give the best critique possible.When i got this hat i was so happy to open the package. When i opend it i was suprised i loved it but the shinny part on the brim i thought it was leather but not I still like it. Also got many great comments on this hat.Love Love these sneakers!Gave item as a gift. Very pretty and sheer. Recipient loved it. Matched the description exactly as stated. Happy with purchase!These are long in the toe area. Bought my normal size and they fit through the heal so I don't want to go down a size but the toe area seems long. Still like them and love this brand, it is all I wear now!love these shoes. Great price and always can get my husband's 4E widthThis was so cute and very good quality. It was a little small though for the size it says it is. I bought it for my 9 month old and it was a little tight. No way would it fit a 2T.FOUR STARSThese are the most comfortable shoes I have ever had and I will be ordering a 2nd Pair before they are done.Wonderful fitting jeansGoodRing sizer inaccurate.  Ended up with a ring 2 sizes too big, but otherwise beautifulI've been looking for these shoes with the leatherr soles for so long.  They're just like those I purchased in the 80's.  I hope they last as longThis is a gift. the product looks good and love the buckle.Bit flat so cannot walk for too long but really easy shoes for general wearLove Calvin jeans !!These shoes are even better than I expected. They are true-to-size and look great. The grey color is perfect; it's dark, almost black, just as shown in the picture. They're comfortable to walk in all day AND they came with a shoe bag where you can keep dust off of them in the closet if you store them in the bag...that's something you get with super-expensive shoes, and these aren't expensive for what you get. Highly recommended.I am in love with these socks. I resently bought no show socks from another brand and they keep sliding down the heels of my feet when I am walking. I mean completely off my heels. Very annoying when you are trying to exercise. Not these little socks. They are very nice and soft, just the right thinkness - not too thin not to thick and I love the colors. And i got it for a steal price less than a $1per sock. Whats not to love!I purchased this shirt in a large based on reviews, however, I could  have gone with my normal size (Medium). I am 52/130lbs, small chest, round bottom... I usually wear a Small/Medium depending on the item.

Overall, I made it work.  It is super cute, light and breathable.  There are 3 buttons, but I only buttoned one as I was going for a certain look.

I would purchase again and I do recommend!Love it!!! It looks so real and doesn't feel cheap. The hair is soft like real hair. Great purchase money well spent !!!nice necklace for the priceLove Saucony Originals!  Wish they offered even more colors.  Have had so many compliments on this color.  Very nice and extremely comfortable!I really love this bag. I thought I'd finally found the perfect solution for me. But alas, the handle broke off after I used the bag daily for one month. Hopefully this is an isolated incident. Love all the space and storage compartments. If you like to carry a lot of stuff with you, this bag works. Just wish I'd pay the lower Amazon price for it - mine was about $80.00 at a retail store.I love it!This is for my SW's cosplay, and it's perfect for that role!I wear an 8. I bought an 8. Its loose, but not tedious. I'd say half a size too big.I would give this a 5 star if it didn't run small. It is more of Juniors size. I ordered a large for my daughter and glad I did. She is average to small size and it just barely fits.The best boots ever!Good quality !Great product. Nice quality. Would buy again. DO NOT LET IT GET WET. It will turn brown and ugly.This is sized for a starving 12 year old boy.  I read all the reviews and ordered a full size larger than I expected to need.  The fabric pulled significantly in the armpits.  It's really cute and soft.  This is a very attractive design, but it is not sized tor a woman with any shape at all.  So if you are anything more that a B cup, I suggest going up two full sizes.  The sizing issue is the only reason I don't give it 5 stars.Thank goodness I bought the larger size. if I wanted it flowy like the picture shows I would have to go 2 sizes biggerI have 3 other pair ...so it's evident I like this style service good as usualOrdered for my daughter.  She liked them.  I got a larger size in hopes that they would work for next year too and I think they will.  The material is very slick which I didn't really expect but it's great for those fall mornings when the dew is still on the ground and she has to play.  I only wish the bottom was made from a more rubbery type of material or the "cleats" where smaller so she could get a better grip.We ordered these pajamas - one for myself (womens medium), my husband (mens large) and my son (8 year old boy). The adult sizes were true to size and fit great - soft and comfy. My only complaint was with the kids size - the top was definitely smaller than anticipated - it almost seemed like a girl cut - which didn't work so well for our son - more of a stretchy material fit than a typical long sleeve T-shirt fit. Would order a size up for him next time. Overall, cute items, and I still wear mine on a weekly basis.So far I love it.I like this a lot -- I found it much better than other thin wallets.  The metal hook on the inside holds bills very well, and the black and red tabs are great to take credit cards out.  My only gripe is that it only has two holes for the credit cards so you end up with three or four cards in each hole which makes it inconvenient to find them.  I never remember where I have my bank card (it's a 50-50 chance of finding it in the first try).

I really cleaned up my wallet of a lot of unnecessary papers and cards.Excellent comfort right out of the box this is a very stable shoe with tons of grip. They do seem to run a little big so I'd recommend trying them on before you buy especially online. Footjoy has a lot of size and width options here too: Extra Wide, Wide, Medium, Narrow and Extra Narrow so there's a good chance you'll find the perfect fit.I've waited to buy these shoes for a year .... love them!GoodI ordered 2 sizes up. I probably could have only gone up 1 size and it would have been perfect. Still fits and is prettu good quality.OMG! My husband used this as part of his Halloween costume as L. L Cool J and it was a huge hit. It complimented his costume so well. It's just the right size and was the closest thing to a real boom box. Loved it.Perfect!very good!!I bought it for my wife . She picked it out. She loved it.Just the right sizeGreat boots, I purchesed these for hiking wile I'm in Phoenix. They have held up like a champ on the local trails here and I'm excited for trying them out of state.Delivered on time and quality was as expected!I expect any Asian import clothes to run small to American standards, but this was smaller than the normal difference. Not so much that it made it unwearable. It's made of a slightly lower quality material than I had hoped for.Great warm jacket for working outside around the barn. Not very feminine but it is warm and keeps me dry. Fits fine.So very cute! Fit just perfect with a growing room so she could still wear for a while.Keep in mind that you are buying a costume. The materials are cheap like the other reviewers say, but the price is cheap and it is perfect for a one-night costume. I will be wearing it in a silly stage show. To agree with other commenters: Let it sit out hanging a bit before use, because it has been all folded up for shipping. The hat is yellow and doesn't match very well, and the sash kind of sits in an awkward position, but it'll do for my purposes.I'm 5'10" and fluctuate between 190-195 lbs. Most of my shirts are L, but I have some M t-shirts that fit snugly, and just got measured for a 40R suit jacket. I ordered a medium and a large since I needed to use it on a near date and didn't have time to exchange it if necessary. The large fits, but doesn't compress as much as the medium, which was a bit more of a struggle to put on. So if you want to have it squeeze you down more, order one size smaller that the product's size chart. As others have mentioned, I noticed that one of them got a small run in the thin top material near the neck opening after I put it on. Doesn't affect the function, and wasn't an actual rip/tear but disappointing to see.Love it great for Exercising  this is my second  my 1st one lasted for 5yrs.Great boots!Fits perfectlyI bought these for my wife and damn does she look sexy in them.  They are exactly as they look in the picture and seem to fit well.  My wife is shorter, so they do bunch up a little, but otherwise they fit fine.  The only complaint I have, and the only reason I didn't give them five stars, is that the top of the stockings isn't great.  It looks almost like a homemade elastic cuff with ripples - it's not a flat, clean line.  It's not what you would expect from something made out of spandex, but may have been needed to keep them from falling down.  With that said, we haven't had problems with them falling down, but it could have been done more tastefully.  Otherwise, very reasonably priced and very happy with the purchase.Bought two. One for a brother and the other for my son. They both love them!  The fit is great!I was pleasantly surprised by these pants. They fit incredibly similar to Levi's 508s. They are a tad slimmer in the thigh, but the 2% spandex makes them fit amazingly. I would however recommend getting the inseam an inch longer than normal. They also somehow ship as both stiff and stretchy at the same time. They are also pretty thick for khakis, feel pretty toughGot this for my boyfriend as a random present. He loves the show Wilfred, and loved this costume just as much!!! It held up really well when he wore it at a convention (yes, if you saw a Wilfred at Otakon 2014, that was him) other than the fact that he was drenched in sweat after an hour in the 70 degree summer weather. Will work well for colder occasions :)Fit is great. Can't wait for the rain. Thank you .I liked the fit, although could have been a little bigger.  I would have liked the extra large.  I think Roxy is a bit over priced but I like their designs and fabric they use in their clothing.  I would recommend this hoodie, it is very versatile and can be worn with a cami or light t shirt.  The color grey goes with everything!  I would have also liked the brown, but did not have my size.I find these boots very comfortable and true to size.The caps are well made and exactly as described. My only complaint  is how lo g they took to ship.Fits as expected, but I had to add an insole for more support and cushioning and then I needed a half size larger.Thank you.So much fun.  For an inexpensive wig, it is full and fabulous.I will do sprints in these shoes.  I will run a couple miles in them sometimes.  Sometimes I will take long walks in them.  I just wanted a cheap pair of running shoes that would be comfortable and not make my feet hurt.  These succeed in nearly every area. The base floor of the shoe, beneath the memory foam, is fairly rigid and has been the cause of one blister in one area on one foot.  Perhaps I'm still breaking them in.

For the purposes I bought them for.  At $35, these are all you really need and well worth it in my opinion.I like these but they are super tight so I am returning them. But they are super cute and look exactly like the picture. And they shipped quickly.Love emHave not use it but looks fine. andThis Infanteenie Beenie is beautiful and it looked gorgeous on my newborn daughter's head! It looks even better in pictures as well! It fit perfectly when she was born, and it still fits perfectly 4 months later! She will be able to wear this beenie for a long time, and I love that!Beautifulfitscute beach dressMy husband loves his new walletit fits all of his cards, the leather is soft and smells good, and it is very reasonably priced.First the cotton material look and feels durable, not flimsy. The stitching is well made. The print is well done as well. My only problem is it's quite bigger than the size, maybe it would shrink to fit. Overall it's a good buy.These are very soft and warm. I prefer ear warmers to hats so my hair does not get that "hat head" look when I go indoors. I primarily wear these in NYC in the winter time.  It's cold outside but always much much warmer inside so I want something I can take off quick and easy. Its my ears not my head that I am trying to keep warm anyway. These fit me well and stayed in place while walking around. They fold nicely and easily fit in my purse or pocket.  I am an average sized woman (5'5") with an average sized head but if your head or neck is larger I am not sure these would fit. They measure approximately 17 inches from end to end.  I have not had them long enough to determine if they will last but seems like decent quality for the price.Fast, prompt service and the rings are beautiful! I ordered one for my now husband and one for myself. I had to exchange one that was too big (I got the sizing wrong) and the replacement came in promptly. We've both received compliments on our rings and the price is a steal! Highly recommend.Good clear description and delivery on time.I purchased these cleats for my husband and they fit exactly. They are authentic so that was really good. Plus the shipping was extremely fast!My wife love them; it is a nice set for the price and the quality is really good. Delivery and seller follow was fast!!!.Bought the second pair of this shoe. I've worn ASICS shoes for several years and moved up to this model about 10 months ago. I've had such good luck with the fit and comfort that I ordered another pair. I work out 3 days a week in these shoes and it's time to rotate a new pair into use.I bought these for my husband, and he usually likes the thongs, or the silky boxers, well these blew the lid of both those styles of under ware. The material is so smooth and the back area lifts the cheeks, so even if the guy has a image of his own bottom being flat or whatever, these underwear lift the cheeks. The pouch actually fit him, which is great because most the time the pouchs are too small. The pair I bought was a large, and he is a size 36 waist and his member is a inch or two above average, so the puch fit and the waist fit great. Also he wants more so It was worth the money for him to walk around in these puppies all day! buy them You will love them, women will love them on you! I can't keep my hands off my husband when he wears these, they are so smooth!Great t-shirt4 stars because I had to size up a little and return a few before I got the right size. You might want to one size up on this brand.Cross is beautiful but chain was too short.Awesome swim trunks, my son just loves them!  I purchased these because he needed swim trunks in a hurry and these were shipped within 2 days.Love these !  Will buy another pair as soon as these are worn out !I like the look and the fitThat's what I was looking for. Nice shape and comfort.
It hides all bumps and makes me look skinnier and in better shape.They are comfortably big.  They're just slightly too sloppy for me when walking longer distances.  I went hunting when the temps were 0 deg F and my feet were just right.  If you have a lot of walking to do, you will not want to wear more than a decent pair of socks.  I had to walk about 3/4 mile and had two pairs of wool socks and my feet were hot during the walk.  Fortunately, they didn't get cold after sweating because these boots are nice and warm.  Comfortable to walk in, just slightly sloppy.runs a little small order a size upI wear a medium and ordered a xl. It fit fine, but in the arms where the lace was kinda tight so I gave it to a friend.Great for around the house. Had to order a little bigger to get correct sizing.wonderfulI like it.Love it!Little tight...but I like it.  Bet it will be hot though!  Happy Halloween!works great, plenty of pockets and there's a padded section for a tablet. Durable too, I've had this bag a couple Months now and will last for a long time. It's great Not using a wallet anymore, My back thanks me.I am pleased with the turban head.Fits great and seemingly indestructible!This brand fits my feet well.  These are my favorite vegan shoes.  I'm giving them only 4 stars because I don't know how they will hold up over time.These are one of the best shoes I can find for work. The only downside is they are a little bit heavy but no break-in time was required.  I work at a plant that is on 40 acres and can easily walk 5-10 miles in one busy day.Quality Levi jeans.  Easy way to orderBeautiful ring.....Great heavy qualitythe boot was in good condition it came as described online, however the shoe lace on one was torn when it arrived. Over all good bootsvery nice great qualityGood strap, I think a bit overpriced. Rare 19mm width is more expensive for some reason than say 18 or 22mm where you can get two for $11.95 provided they are the same quality. I guess market dictates the prices.Love these!The shipping was super slow but once they got here they were beautifulI just wanted a simple and comfortable hat, and that's exactly what this is. I picked 2 black and 2 navy, one of each for the gym and one of each for casual wear. At this price, you might as well grab a couple so you don't have to worry about colors not matching your clothes or smelly hats. Also I encourage you to wash them by hand when you do to avoid any shrinkage.I'm normally a size 9-9.5 and I got size 41 of these. I should have gotten 42, because they are a bit tight. Still deciding if I should return them to get the size up, because they are wearable (but just a bit tight)
They look exactly like in the picture and they have a better grip than I was expecting. I will be getting more varietys of these shoes for sure.Upping from 3 stars to 4 due to super low prices. Look, you get what you pay for. These are cheap and correspondingly look cheap, feel cheap and have the potential to fall apart due to plastic cheapness. One of mine lost a leg immediately after I opened the package. But at the end of the day, they appear to do what they're supposed to, probably for a long enough among of time that I'll feel justified in this small investment. Considering it's a package of 4, I think I'll have gotten my money's worth if they last a few months on my boots.My go to shoesThis is the best money clip I have had so far. Holds on to all my credit cards. Very confortable.I had another Casio watch of the similar style as this one but in a black plastic case with a rubber band. It ran faster and I had to adjust the time frequently. But this watch now I purchased from Amazon is a beautiful watch and keep an accurate time. The metal band is easy to adjust. I'm quite satisfied with this new watch and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.A pair of these that I had bought locally a couple of years ago seemed wider than the ones I just received.  I thought these new ones would be exactly like the ones I had, but they were actually a bit narrower.  Both said 9 1/2 D, and I thought the "D" meant "wide" for both, but the ones I just received are narrower.  However, they actually fit me a little better than my old ones which I had to lace really tightly.  These work great for me, but I am concerned that someone looking for a wide shoe might be disappointed.Not usually a fan of 2-tone jewelry but this is sooooo sparkly that I will overlook the gold!Love these sandals. my daughter is to little to fit them now but i cant wait till she canExcellent! Used on my old Birkenstocks and this seems like it will definitely help keep the cork in good condition and it made them shiny like new. I put a layer on my new Birks too just for good measure.I like it but I am having difficulty getting accurate answers. I think the chain and stone are gorgeous though.Gave this as a present. She Loves it and wears it most of the time.The belt is a little on the stiff side, but overall a decent purchase for the price.  I bought a size large for a very thin 15-year-old, and it's a good fit.As thin and light as it is, it's surprisingly warm in cold weather. It also dissipates sweat rather quickly and is very breathable. Working in an unheated warehouse, this has been an excellent choice. Many YouTube videos will show multiple ways to wear. Excellent product! Just remember to wash before first wearing.Material doesn't meet the usual standard productThis is a cute little dress. My girls love them. The value really is great. But the glitter gets everywhere! Seriously...everywhere. I'm not exaggerating. Like everywhere. Do you get my point?

One complaint I have is that it's not really meant to be crawled in. When my 3 year old was crawling around on the floor playing around her knee landed on the mesh of the dress and partially ripped it away from the rest of the dress. My wife fixed it, but still I would have hoped for a stronger seam.Received earlier than expected. Length a bit long but it's ok can always alter. Only downside is there's no tag is it brand new cos the other jeans I received came with a tag.Love the sweater !Comfortable & good qualitybeautiful ring but started to change colorDelivery was prompt. Item is very nice fleece jacket. I was a little disappointed that the coloring/contrast is duller than the picture. I got the grey/black because in the picture it looked bright white with grey image. The background instead kind of blends together rather than a bright contrast, which is what I was expecting. Other than that, it is a very nice item.did the questionaire for this review seriously just ask me to rate the educational value of this item?

well, i'm pretty sure there isn't much educational value in darth vader gloves but they sure are fun.  most of the costumes i've seen do not come with gloves and gloves are a must have for darth vader.

these gloves are a great buy and i'm not sure you could save any money by buying some similar winter winter/riding glove item.  you probably couldn't even make them yourself this cheap.  these look like the real darth vader gloves and are very affordable.

they aren't as durable as a real leather glove would be but if you only wear them on halloween or other special occasions like i do, i think you'll find they last you a very long time.Good lawn mowing shorts.Hi quality shirt. Authentic. Arrived fast!I love it  Much nicer than the picReally cute suit and great fit!I usually wear a small or at the biggest a med but because & read the reviews I ordered a large which fits exactly right.  Even a med would have been way to small.  Otherwise it's perfect.  I would order it againLove the look and storage it offers. Only problem is one the straps keeps separating from its base. An easy fix, but a little annoying, especially when it happens in public.Tried on other Lowa boots in a store so I had an idea of how they would fit. These replaced a pair of older plastic boots, and wow, what a difference. So far I've only used them on a 2-day Shasta climb (mixed snow/gravel/rock) and they were quite comfortable even on hard ground. They have just enough flex in the top to provide some comfort off of snow, but they still have stiff enough soles to work great with rigid crampons, even when front-pointing. I can't speak to their warmth, since it never got below 20F.Two of my friends have the exact same pair in different color ways. I ordered a full size down from my normal shoe wear. A half size down from my other boots. The first day they were tight and uncomfortble even though I had no problems slipping them on. After wearing them all day to class and shooting range, the boots are practically broken in. They are my first pair of western cowboy boots, and overall I am very pleased.So comfy and great fit. The only thing is I ordered black 2 and indigo 2 and I was sent black 1 and indigo 1 and since I was going out of town and really needed some decent jeans I couldn't return them.Great shirt...love the color mixThey are a great shoe.  This is the second pair I have owned and I love how they fit my narrow feet.Love these boots!  This pair is a replacement for a pair that lasted a year.  Great boots, great value!Very cute shoes and reasonably easy to get on and off my wiggly toddler.  So far they have held up well to a lot of abuse!Beautiful beautiful dress! Ordered ivory.it firs perfect. Material is awesome quality!  Can't wait to wear!Very good wrist watch at an excellent pricePerfect - my son loved it!!!My daughter loves this backpack. Nice size to put big and longer binders in. Great quality pic.These earrings are the perfect size, big enough to be visible, but not gaudy in any way.  The only negative is that the posts are fairly thin in comparison to other earring I own, and the posts are about 1/4 inch shorter.  If you have chunky earlobes, it could be a problem.They are really cute and I get a lot of compliments.  They are a little tight in width, but super cute!Light and ties easy! simple pareo, no complaintsI was worried about shrinking, so i went a size up than normal & chose an xl... Fits snug & im average size.Perfect!! Best womens boxer to wear underneath harem/yoga pants!! Order down a size for a little pooch control, order up for pure comfort underpant. Ref:: 52, 115lbs. w/ a little tummy pooch! Ordered a size 7 for comfort and coverage! Perfect and no leg roll up!! Highly recommendThese are nice but run very small. Order a size up.This converse is very comfortable, especially for slightly wide feet.  No break in period-comfortable from day one!  Well made.  Only regret is that I was unaware that they were not made in USA.I gave 4 stars because the belt is very nice and well made.  I think the sizing is off.  Have purchased other belts in size large and fit perfectly.  I checked measurements before ordering and was a little suspicious and now I know why.great value!Very cute. Love thisLoved the skirt, super comfy but sizing runs small. I'd recommend going up a size!What can I say, it's a pair of Chucks! Classics.I'd never worn sports undergarments before. I am a roly-poly guy. Sports and me, just do not mix. The key here is moisture control. Fat guys sweat. I bought these to see how they would work at making me comfortable and stay drier than I usually am. They work great. At the time I bought these, we'd had a severe cold snap down here in the Carolina's. 27 dang degrees in the mornings, and hovered around the 50's all day. These new Russell Undies, were the cats MEOW. The instant I put them on, I could notice a difference. First they feel Silky smooth, and glide on like a pair of Silk PJ's. The elastic waist and ankle cuffs, work well without cutting off circulation, or being too dang tight. They are big and tall. I am a round fellow, about as round as I am tall. Basically I am a living Weeble I didn't know what size to buy, so I chose the 4X's. That did the trick. I wear from a 54 to a 60 in the waist, depending on who made the clothing and if they had their skinny glasses on when they cut the fabric to sew it together. The one's I bought are big enough to fit comfortably, and are long enough, and have enough slack, so that when I sit down or move about, they do not ride up, or cut my dingus in half. They come in BLACK. I guess they follow the same rules that Henry Ford used, when selling the Model A Fords. You can have any color you want as long as it's BLACK! Black is so slimming also... I mean it makes a guy of a size 60, look like a skinny, sexy puppy of a size 50. Also these are Management Undies... I feel smarter already. I always knew I had management potential, just waiting under my Overalls to get out in the world, and make changes. With this new under wear I am now dressed to do just that! Also I get to stay DRY and Stylish while doing it. If you are looking for a Good, Silky, Soft, Dry and Comfortable pair of long-johns / underoos to buy for the Big & Tall man in your life... Or Lady?? Look no further. This is the product for you.great PJs, great valueGood Product!These went for 2 and 1/2 weeks through Italy stuffed, stuffed, stuffed!  My daughter's went 5 weeks backpacking.  They can handle serious abuse.  I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to purchase them for 2 reasons.  The first is were they as strong as packing cubes?  I bought 3 sets and they 3 of us treated them tough and there was no problem.  They looked as good as when we got them.  The second was the size.  What to do? They are so weird.  The big one is very big. It is the bottom half of the suitcase. It was good for me because I put all my pants 4, shorts 5 and 2 skirts. That medium one I fit, tightly rolled up...18 shirts (summer, not t-shirts, thinner)! The other two can hold whatever bras, underwear. I stole one long one from my son and put all the cords, outlets, contacts, glasses whatever was lying around.  The long one I thought was the stupidest shape and turned out to be perfect when packing a suitcase because you can slide it in. So my suitcase was just these bags with little handles and I knew where everything was.  Didn't even have to unpack to put in drawers it was so nicely organized for me.  Saw one guy running through the airport and his bag split open and underwear fell out.  Not us.  Also, when we were weighing bags at check in.  My bag was too heavy so we just opened my suitcase and my sons and switched two packing cubes to balance the weight. No mess, weight balanced. So worth the money!!! Will make perfect gifts in the future.Absolutely, great, lightweight, and completely finished an outfit for meVery comfortable and lightweight. Shoes have good support and fit well. It fits like its been designed for my foot.
I love this product :)Great quality. Fit exactly as they should true to size.Very well made sandal, but a bit heavy on the feet. It also ran quite wide. I sent it back and am ordering a pair of Keen Whispers that reviews say are lighter. My legs got tired in these.I like Dansko shoes and have several pairs. These are just what I wanted for spring/summer and I love the color.This was the perfect hat to pack into the suitcase for my trip to Hawaii. It weighs almost nothing and withstands being scrunched into the suitcase. It didn't make me sweat and was comfortable.Good value.The suit fits great and I like that is lined
 well. It has pocket liners in the top if you would want to add padding . Cotton and comfortable only downfall is I didn't get it quick enough for my vacation yet it did come by the estimated delivery time.Great watch!This hoody is more like a nylon sports jersey than a sweatshirt.  I would buy a size or two larger than normal because it is sized for the Asian market.
The print is crystal clear and the colors are vibrant.Ran small.Very cute, larger than expectedIt is beautiful... the size is perfect.Great fit, lots of cushionI bought this pendant as a christmas gift for a friend.  She loves it, and gets many complements.  Often people ask whose picture is in her "locket".  You can imagine their surprise when she opens it and shows them the clock face. At first I was a little bit worried since she is very nearsighted, but the watch is quite big enough to give her no trouble at all. If you need to find a unusual and beautiful gift for a lady friend of any age, this would be a good choice.I wear a size 8 fitted hat, fit comfortablyThese are great shoes for tooling around, maybe hiking, but I bought them for running.  As running shoes, they did not work so well.

They do not have traction on the bottom that is needed if the pavement is even the slightest bit damp (including morning dew).  When I wore them for kayaking, by the end of the day my feet were quite swamped and in desperate need of drying out.  These shoes did not drain the water away very well.

Side note, after running in these shoes (and similar ones with traction) for approximately 3 years, I developed tendonitis in my right heel  Just a word of caution if you are thinking about running with minimalist shoes.After reading the reviews about the fit, I went with a size larger than normal.  very comfy for night nursing.This thing is absolutely massive. I put an entire load of laundry in this thing and maybe had room for another. It has plenty of pockets on the outside and inside.

This bag would be good for long trips or transporting large cattle.This change purse is absolutely perfect!!! It matched the purse and wallet perfectly and fits inside just right!! I've gotten so many compliments on it and I just tell everyone to head to Amazon!!! It's the perfect size for all my change!!Beautiful and comfortable, flattering even on an imperfect mom-bod.Love 'em!!!I ordered a small and it was a cozy fit, came up a little at the legs but other than that, it fit nicely.  Love the buttons, wish the pockets were bigger.Super comfy and lightweight. I love these slippers. Comfortable, lightweight and stylish to boot! I've been known to wear them out and about town seeing as they look just like a bootie.Great Hat. Great quality should last a super long time thank you.Delivered as described.Very comfortable, great fit, quick break in.I like it.

Been wearing it every day, so it has not stopped yet.  It lost about 50 seconds the first week, and over a minute the second week.  I don't think that is so bad considereing the price.  I had an expensive automatic Bulova in the late 1960s, and it didn't do that well.  Since then I've only had quartz watches that died after a few years.

I love the appearance of it.  Great looking watch. The bezel works well. I like the Cyclops Eye.  The bezel rim and braclet have more of a copper than gold appearance, but you can spend $12,000 and get the Rolex with real gold if that is important to you.

 If you are a fanatic about the exact correct time, then maybe you should get the quartz version.  I can live with adjusting the time for the minute it is off each week.  Order a cheap pin removal tool to adjust the band.

All in all, I'd say this is a keeper.  If this style watch was good enough for James Bond, then it's good enough for me.  Considereing what you get for the money, I'd rate it Five Stars.  I only rated it Four because of the minute it loses each week.... but it  really is a Five.

I understand Invicta has a lously repair service. If the watch goes bad after the warranty, I'll just get a new one. I didn't buy the extended warranty.  We are not talking about an expensive watch here.This was a great outfit for spring and looks like a cool golfer outfit. Good quality.I like the watch but I  was expecting a day & date calendar don't have use for 24 hr  indicator  is it possible to exchange for a day & date model ?My son loved his new walletI love earrings for my pierced ears, and I have a ton of pairs of them in all sorts of styles, shapes and colors. Many different types of stones, too. But I saw these offered and I had to accept them because I was interested in the heart-shaped cut of Swarovski crystal stud style pierced earrings.

And they are indeed beautiful. I really like the sparkle reflected from the 4-prong yellow gold plated setting. The light is able to get beneath the stone because of the nice space underneath the setting and the zirconia stone has an amazing shine. The stones are 2 carats total weight and are a great size without being too ostentatious and fake looking. Even though they're not -- you want people to believe they could be real diamonds! The heart shape is not REAL obvious, but up close you can see that the the stone is not round. I just appreciate the unique cut. The post is sterling silver plated with gold so there's no nickel in this pair to cause metal sensitivity.

These can be worn for casual or dressy days and I think would be appreciated by any woman. This type of stone goes with any outfit. The set comes in a standard Amazon style gift box if you are planning to give this as a present for a special occasion. I'm keeping these, however, for myself...for a long day on your feet. I bought these boots in grey suede to wear with tights and jeans. Just enough heel for support, but low enough for hours of wear. They have a vintage look and seem to be well made. The toe is enlongated which I found modern and flattering. True to size.Great price.  Perfect boots.Bought them for my Daughter-in-law; loves converse & purple; so she was thrilled!Excellent fit and quality.These are best shoes for rainy dayMaterial good it fits to my familyThey fit so nice and are really comfortable. She wears them all the time and never wants them off. Have nice leather with moccasin type soft soles.Fabric is nice, comfy & very soft, but they're not snug on my feet, fall off. Hoping a wash & dry will shrink them. I wear shoe size 7.5.My daughter loves it!  I love it's lightweight material.  Easy on and off during play dress-up.  We also have the Cinderella dress and another pink one.
It is not super fancy, but great for dress up and a great price.I really like the Dickies Bull Pant and was looking for something similar.
These come in as a close second. At the ankles they are a little more fitted and the material is a little thinner.I got this for my husband. He likes the design, but it fits a bit smaller than normal t-shirts. Overall, pretty nice and good price.

*I received this at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review*Good quality band. Replaced strap on G watch RI bought this for my husband and he loves it.PerfectI didn't think it would work but it did! I can finally be handsfree while pumping. And for some reason, maybe the pressure to the breast, I get more milk now than before. And I can get my back supported and get much more comfortable while pumping. Before the bra, I had to lean forward to avoid the milk from draining back to the shield but with the bra I don't have to do that anymore because it puts enough pressure in the shields to avoid that from happening.If your looking to get your significant other pj's she will love these!! Very soft and seem very well madebest sneakers because they are supportive but so lightweight.  I walk several miles a day in them and wore them all winter even though parts of them were meshThe garments are well constructed and the materials are nice. I admit I am not a huge fan of the apron, either the material or the method of constructing the pleats, but, considering the very affordable price of the set, I can replace it. This was a fantastic bargain on a great outfit.

I usually wear size 22 (5'4" & 200 lbs) and bought the 3X hoping it would fit. I would have ordered larger, but alas that was not an option. It did fit, but only after I rearranged things so my bosom was entirely above the bodice and enlisted the assistance of my husband. There was, literally, at least a 5" gap in the zipper before I got my boobs up where they should have been. The takeaway for some larger ladies might be to not try this on for size unless and until you're already wearing a sturdy push-up bra.

I got a great deal on a crinoline petticoat and some bloomers here on Amazon and flounced around the kitchen baking and having a very fun time.  :)My husband will love it for Father's DayReally nice. Fits great. Soft material.The shoes fit great and walk greatgoodwore it several times.  lots of compliments.I love this. But make sure you order a size up. My best friend got one too and she also needed to size up one.Good purchase.  Put them own as soon as I received them!Good quality and fitment is as expected.I really like the look of the jeans and the quality is pretty good as well.

The fit of these jeans is definitely slim. I am a pretty skinny guy but I do have a decent bit of leg muscle and these jeans were too slim for me personally. There is not a ton of crotch space and this caused some unpleasant chafing. I would not recommend these for guys who squat or have decently large quads. I tried the 508s and found that they fit perfectly.LikeSon LOVES it! Seems to have been made well.The wides were a bit wider than expected, but easily taken care of with a set of wide boot support inserts.  I love these boots, they look great, and were a great bargain.Overall goodJust right!I think I will take size 10b.
Can I still change? Also other color..Great shoes but goodness are they large and roomy. My 2.5 year old has yet to fully grow into them and it's been months. Order a size smaller then their normal shoe size if you need them to fit right away. We never wear these to the zoo or park because he clunks in them to much.I love these pants and the belt incorporated in the waist allows me to leave the belt at home when hiking.  I have since bought a 2nd pair as I'm wearing these for more than just hiking  :)Just love these leggings,  they are so soft and fit so well.  Will be buying more for sur.Works wellI have been useing this same boot for years and it has not dissappointed in any way.
When you first put the boot on, you can walk away with no break-in required.
I have had reconstructive surgery on one foot and this boot is more confortable then
the orthopedict boots that I have.
I would recommend this boot to any trades person who stands or walks for long periods or
any type of outdoor activity.
This boot will not disappoint !My daughter loves them and says they are comfortable but they are too narrow for me. I still wear them to church and for short periods but I will give them to her when I can afford to replace them!My wife is happy with itI got this for a replacement chain for my girlfriend's necklace that broke. It has held up to normal wear, and doesn't seem to be wavering in any aspect. The clasp it tight and strong, and the links are sturdy. This is a fine chain so I had concerns at first, but it has done well thus far. Really cheap price for such a nice looking necklace, just besure to get the correct size, and I am sure you won't be disappointed.Love the shoes! I have 6 pair now and I certainly love the price and variety Amazon offers!Colors not as bold as pictured.They were just what I expected. They are beautiful. I have ordered from Gemstone King before and have never been disappointed with quality or service.Beautiful watch, alot heavier and nicer than I thought it would be! The colors are beautiful, very nice quality. Mine did come with a working battery. Only complaint is that it was huge on my boyfriend's wrist, wish it came with an easy tool to remove links.I was very happy with this fun retro poncho and the vibrant colors only added to my pleasure.  You can pair it over a tee in warm weather or a turtleneck or sweater in cooler weather.  I plan to enjoy it year round!I bought this for a wedding and everyone involved loves it. I am a 38 J and the 16 fit me perfectly, so it does work for big boobs. The only reason I gave it four stars is because finding a bra that doesn't show is a little tricky.If I could give this a 10/5 stars I would.
First of all, the customer support team for Claddagh Gold is amazing.  They are really nice and helped me in a flash.  Second, I bought this for my girlfriend and she absolutely loves it!  Thank you Claddagh Gold!Super soft fabric and great quality. I love the band around your chest since its thicker it doesn't cut into your back giving off the appearance of back rolls. It also holds the girls in and makes their shape round as they should be. No Madonna cones here!Loved the dress and how fast it arrived. It did run big in the chest thoughIt was a great buySoft, comfyLove it!Amazing.  Dress is perfect and comfortable.  Runs true to sizeLook and fit great.I've been using this backpack for almost two years now and it's still in such great shape. The studs on the straps do rip out your hair a bit if you're not careful and the metal magnets that snap for the small pockets have occasionally popped off over a long period of time but I've put the bag through a lot. It holds textbooks, is taken to conventions, carries art supplies, and the fake leather is only peeling in tiny spots on the bottom. I'm impressed how well it has held up and how roomy is it. Super dependable and has three pockets attached, also being the perfect size for large water bottles as well.Nice fabric. Had to make it shorter though.Run a bit small.. Very well made. I'm still stretching mine out a bit.. Getting more and more comfy each day..I needed a size 13, but they don't have that size available . They only go to size 12. I wear a size 12 normally.The size seem smaller than other brand, but it is a good one.I wear a size 5, and ordered these in that size, would have been happier with 5.5. They are a comfortable shoe, and are great for my back. I'm able to stand and walk for longer periods of time without the small of my back starting to hurt.As promised.  Fits well and is a nice looking all-black band.My nephew loves it!I like these, but I haven't worn them yetGreat shoe overall but fit is very big. Needed it for an event and they didn't have a smaller size, so I put an insole in to make it fit better. Worked out very well!This is a beautiful purse. I get complemented everywhere I go. It's sturdy and solid and looks like it's a designer purse. The detail is beautiful. Overall a great quality purse.Fits a tad big, but good quality. Would buy again.Bought for my daughter.  She loves it.Great color! Solid and bright, paints evenly and dries fast. Really nice blue color, with just a hint of violet.Good in hot weather and at the beach. Wish it ran a bit roomier so snug fit would not make my head sweaty.This purse holder is beautiful, but very thin. When I received it immediately some of the trim broke off.It is so cute I will use it for my iPad carrier.  Plus use it at anime conventions.  Big enough for shopping and small enough to be comfortable.Awesome.  Good fit wash well.  Don't hesitate.great hat!!!!  fits well, and quality made...I got these for my father and I could not find them anywhere else! ThanksLove these shoes. Good fit and quality for the price.great style, fit and comfort, can't ask much more for a boot.Good stufffabulous dress!!Love them best choice everI needed a shoehorn to get them on initially but they fit well once they were on and they are easier to get on now that I've had them awhile. They are comfortable.It's really nice!They feel great look great good snug fit a high quality product for a great priceProduct does not absorb sweat or urineGreatLittle big, but great4 year old grandson loved his new big boy boots. Just like grandpaI normally wear a 7 and ordered a 6 and sizing was perfect! Definitely size down and shaft will be tight at first but then stretches with wear. Love this show!Very cute.  Bought as a gift for my niece.  A little short but with a small tank underneath it made it look really cuteIt arrived nicely packed in a bag, the color is so nice it has chocolaty color and looks good the material is exactly as described with good workmanship and amazingly it didn't have any odor of any sort. Overall it is a nice traveling companion and I'm sure it is going to last a very long time and get more and more beautiful as it wears out.Luv these; quality is wonderful and will order again if need'be, but in smaller size.  You will luv the quality....:)This is just as adorable on as in the pictures, well made.  I'll enjoy wearing it this summer!I have received several compliments- very pretty.Very soft and warm.Super comfy and oversized just what I was expectingThese boots are excellent. Good fit and nice quality. This is our second pair of these exact boots. We enjoyed the first pair so much my son wanted the same ones.It looks good but I am not try on yet I hope  good for the running  I like puma shoesI bought these for myself---I'm 70. My husband thought I was crazy. They are made really well and can be washed under the delicate cycle in bag.  They are even cuter than they look-- keep my feet warm.Love the jeans...easy on and off...material is not too heavy which is what I wanted...waist is a little big but I usually have that problem with pull up pants...Very durable wallet. Ive had this for a while now and still have no issues with it. If you're looking for a wallet thats cute, can hold a lot, and can last you a long time, this is the one!Excelent! Loved itFits just fine. Needs padding to cover nipples though LolBeautiful.my favorite purse ever.the craftsmenship is beautiful.purse georgeous.i love it.Oh my Gosh!! Perfect size , cover everything and make look like a famous star,is only good when is not to brighten but I wear it at all the timeVery pleased!I wore these shoes all day at work (standing) and they were extremely comfortable. They're a little higher than some Danskos (as other reviewers have said) and so you need to be a bit careful on uneven surfaces or your ankle will turn. But they are really pretty, and go well with skirts, dresses and leggings. The jade color is gorgeous.I'm really like my boots, excellent price and quality!I love all the clothes made by this designer and this one was no exception. Absolutely beautiful.SEXY AS HECK!! BEAUTIFUL IN PERSON AND PERFECTLY MADE!!! PURCHASING ALL THE COLORS ;)I'm a huge fan of the Grey's Anatomy scrubs but this style is by far my favorite. They are so stretchy and comfortable! I typically wear a size S in scrub tops, including other GE styles, but I get an XS in this style and still have extra room.Great fit beautiful dresdNice sun protectionCan wear it V neck or square side. Nice material.LindosThe shoe is light weight and looks like the photo online.  It is a little narrow, however, I am sure that as I wear them, they will stretch out a bit.  The price was excellent and looks great with my navy scrubs.Not the highest quality but comfortable and seem to wear wellItem was well packaged and shipped on time!
This owl costume was adorable and so original!!!
My Son was the ultimate Halloween favorite at work,all Halloween parties we attended, and of course on Halloween night when we went trick or treating.
Let me also say he won all contests!!
I first saw this costume at a Halloween store, but they only had one, and was not my son's size, but thank goodnes for AMAZON! =)You can wear them all day, with or without socks.  They are very springy when you take a step. I have worn the same pair on a recent trip for several days without socks.  My feet never hurt.  To me that's a great sign of a comfortable shoe.PerfectGood for dealing with cold or looking scary if that's your thing.Lab Dad loves the T shirt, great gift.
Love itLove this Swatch watch with its large dial, contrasting color hands and markers, and its soft, comfortable band. Nice, casual, fun watch to wear!really nice for the price. bought as part of a halloween costume but i think I'll wear them again! i have wide feet and they aren't too narrow.Great for slippery parking lotsFor the price it works well for meGreat shoes! Very lightweight and comfortable!I bought this backpack for my trip
To Europe. I was able to pack all
Kinds of things into for the airplane to include a 40"x 60" blanket!! The zippers work wonderfully and the straps are REALLY padded which make this backpack really a breeze to wear especially if it's going to be fully loaded! Highly recommend!The strap is just for design you can't really use it to fasten, I ordered in the colour "fabulush" in the photo it looks pink but I received a very bright coral pink almost orange, I'm not a fan of bright colours but overall I like the coverage and thats more important to me.great shoes with a comfortable fitThere is already a hole in the right armpit. Shame it is a good shirt and soft material.aLove these shoes! Have been wearing these since the 80's...This is a fantastic idea for a jewelry box, since you can add single matching layers as you need them.  I loved these colors together and they worked well in my bedroom.  This was well made and sturdy.  The problem I had was that the ring sections (There are two separate sections, in two separate boxes). They did not allow enough height for my many large, bold rings.  The top wouldn't close and one of the other sections wouldn't fit together tightly because of this.  That's my only complaint.  I wasn't happy about it, but I had to return it.  I could have used the small sections for the rings, but I need to see the top of my rings so that I can quickly pick the one I want.  If that's not an issue for you, then I strongly recommend this jewelry box.  It also comes in many different color combinations, which is really nice.My family and I like it very much. Thank you very much.Perfect fit washes great, soft to the touch even aftet multiple washings.  Covered me eell while i was intbe hospital, even the nursrs commented on the fit and quality.
Love anything i get from this company.  Packaging is unbelievable.Second time buying since they were so comfortableFor the price, this dress is awesome! I bought 6 for my bridesmaids and they looked amazing in them.I got a bigger cup size with an underwire and it was great but when I went though airport security the underwire got me in a little trouble so I wanted a bra that didn't have an underwire for everyday and traveling. It didn't fit as nicely as the molded cup bra but it is nice.  I think I will take a little dart in the top of it and then it will be great.Perfect gym bag.goodvery comfortable shoe.They were a bit snug at the calfs, however I  sure with time that will stretch. For the price, and the hush puppy guaranteed waterproof guarantee, I  sure they will be great.These are great and soft material and I love them so much .. I first felt them when my best friend had them and if I could wear them everyday I wouldLove wearing this around the house in the summer.The skirt was longer than expected yet the shirt sleeves were short! You can also see my belly if I raise my arms :/ it washed well (I hang dried) overall it was an ok purchaseThese have the typical croc sole, and the sandal is so cute!  I love these, very comfortable!Very cool and comfy.Nice and fitLove it. Very light material.Comfortable slipper with a good sole. Can be worn safely out to the mailbox without ruining the slipper.Merchandise arrived on time. It looks just like in the picture and the size fits perfectly well.
I am very happy with this purchase.
Thank you!Works as advertised! My pants are up!  Doesnt look cheap, can work with a suit and the price is right.  Would buy againNice belt for the money. No issues after wearing it 4-5 times.Nice coat - little small in the shoulders for a size largeThese are excellently made and the finish is amazing. I went with the black/black version and they can pass for business footwear even though they are sneakers. I wear them all day, every day. Whilst the length is perfect for the size I ordered the circumference (I guess) is a little on the small size. This makes the sneaker quite tight. I'm hoping that with wear this will loosen up a bit. Overall I like the look and finish.great flip flop!Good quality. Lots of pockets. Light weight and quick drying. Perfect for outdoor activities but nice enough to where around town.Dress is super comfortable and adorable! It is light weight and extremely flexible since it is made out of scuba like material. One thing to note for all my fellow tall ladies out there is that this dress can appear almost tunic. For reference I am 5ft 11in and often feel the need to pair this dress with shorts or leggings for modesty's sake. For the price and pattern it is totally worth it!Great buy! Exactly what I need to complete my Halloween costume.Great buy!As soon as I got them I tried the zippers. The only problem is the biggest one. Very sturdy, though, wheels appear to work fine too. But color is much darker purple than appears in picture, but still different from most so should be able to find easily on the baggage claim wheel!I got these for my wife as she is in a memory care home and needed something simple to wear.My husband's had his original wallet for decades & i purchased this as a replacement.  It's good quality leather & the EGA logo is embossed perfectly on the front flap.

I gave 4 stars because the picture shows one flap as having a "window" where he can place his id.  But both side flaps are only made for cards.  The middle portion has the only mesh window on the wallet.  His original wallet had a clear plastic window, which allowed him to open the glap and easily show his ID.  Now he'll just have to remove his ID card upon entry to the builidng.Great seiko but power reserve is lowWhat I love about Toms is that you CAN order a new pair online and expect them to fit like the last pair. Comfy. Surprising support for a light canvas shoe.Not sure how much weight I'll lose by wearing these shoes, but they are definately durable. I've had them for about two months now, wear them pretty much every day and took them to Disneyland five times and they still look brand new. Comfortable and stylish as well. Would recommend Shapeups, even if they are more expensive than other shoes.WEARABLE EVEN IN MUGGY WEATHER AND THE LIKE.  I HAVE BOTH THIS AND THE BARK AND THEY ARE SO STYLISH FOR MEN OR WOMEN.  IN FACT ONE OF MY FAV ACTRESSES WEARS ONE ON LOCATION.
COOL AND STURDY NOT EVEN THE RAIN CAN FULLY UNSHAPE THIS ONE.
VERY PLEASED TO ADD TO MY GROWNING COLLECTIONReally like these NB trail runners. I don't use them for trail running but needed a shoe with some ridigity around the toe cap because I keep putting my toe through all of these modern mesh layered runners. Toe cap does the trick. Decent for gym training as the tread pattern is relatively flat. No problem with the width (I have wide feet for my size). Construction feels quality, not sure how they would hold up on the trails though. Shoe is fully enclosed (i.e. Shoe tongue is fixed to the outer show layer) so breathability may be an issue for distance running. Overall I'm really happy and the colour is really vibrant!They fit my wide feetI have always taken a 9 4e in New balance however thaws were way too small.  I recommend Going up at least a half size.  I sent back the 9 4e and got 9.5 4e which seemed comfortable.My little girl is on the smallish side (25%) and 14 months old. These fit well but have plenty of room to grow, esp in the waist, for the next few months (thank goodness!) The polkadots and whale are that sort of stiff applique paint stuff but the cotton is soft and she's adorable in them.The shoe is a good heel height to be stable, but the silver was too much for me.  I needed something less noticeable for my dress.  Nice shoe, but not my color.  In another color they would be perfect.Love them but should have gone down 2 sizes!Good tem. As expected and more.love love love these shoes and last too!This review is late and I apologize.

I needed a new bag to replace my old one because the bag handlers at the airport decided to break the strap of my old one. This bag is the exact same size as my old one and maybe even a little more and it was just what I needed. I don't use it often, but it's perfect for weekend trips and though I've only used it once since I got it, it's exactly what I asked for (and a lot cuter). The only reason I'm giving it four stars is because the zipper seems a little weak (at least from what I can remember) so don't expect to overfill this bag and not have it pop.Good stuffEven if the size is big, I will still keep them for later! good quality sandals! love itI have been a loyal fan of NB for 10+ years, same size etc, these seem to  run small in length. I wear a womans wide sz 10, I am returning for 12, the 10.5 I ordered was way too small. toe box seems smaller.Why would anyone spend more than this for a baby's tuxedo?  The quality was perfect and I doubt anybody guessed it was such a bargain.  We were lucky enough to have two weddings within a few weeks of each other which meant we really got the most out of this darling little tux.  He was best dressed at both events. :-)This  product blend it self incredibly well to the project I'm working on it was very inexpensive and something that should be posted that's not is that this product donate part of it's proceeds to the Susan G Coleman breast Cancer Society I was unaware of that at the time of purchase but will be buying more of these products in the future for future productions.  Also shipped in an incredibly timely fashion.This loose fitted top is so fashion forward it is stylish and not too long to wear with flats with-my 5'8" frame. size own. Also, at 36c,  150lb I usually take a medium , but I small was the perfect fit.This shoes is not  expected as what I had before.  I have three pair, this is somewhat wide and not balance (like one feel bigger not much just a little).This is a nice scarf. It has a shine to it and the color (candy apple red)was beautiful. It is very versatile and it also looks and works great as a shawl. The material snags easily, but it is still a very soft beautiful fabric. I am going to order it in 3 other colors.Great shirtPerfect fit for my newly turned 2 year old (2T runs too big on him especially in pants). These are really adorable because they are wide in the tush area due to the funky pockets. The color is really pretty but also gets dirty really easily, but on the plus side I hand washed them after a day of wear and they look new again! Happy with purchase!These leggings are great! They don't look 100% like leather pants, but they look pretty close! They are very comfortable, a little baggy in the crotch, but thats to be expected with high waisted pants. And a bonus! The pockets are real!!Great looking shoes, I just bought another pair before the selection is entirely gone. Got 1/2 size bigger than I needed, I usually wear a 10 in Nikes but got the 10.5 based on the advice of other reviewers. Yep, 10.5 fits perfect.
Love, love, love them!Material is a little thin but great for summer. Also a little short especially once you bump grows I'm 5'1 and 6 months it's well above my kneeI LOVE the look of these boots!  They are comfortable and super cute.Love this watch looks nice. No complaints from me. I've had th watch for about 2months ang it's fine. I've gotten compliments on it too.Beautiful dress, I'm 5'7" and 36 bust, Medium fits beautifully, love the just below the knee length. Looks pretty with a petticoat too.I live in Arizona, so it is not appropriate in the summer, but I like the fact that it is pliable and solid color, I can pin on accessories that match my outfits and where it in many waysI just received this bag yesterday, delivery was on time like it said which was awesome. The bag itself is Beautiful, real happy with my purchase will definitely shop from Kattee for my next handbag.This tiger is perfect for my 15 month old. There is a bit of padding in the hoodie which makes it cute. I like that there is a face on the hood so you don't have to paint her face. overall fit is great. I bought 18 month size, pants fit great, hoodie sleves are a little long but will be fine.  Not too warm which is great too since we live in southern California.  The tail is attached to the hoodie and sticks out, adorable!The wrong picture showed in my shipping confirmation...However, I received the correct item.I had these shoes a few years ago and LOVED them. I decided it was time for a new pair and completely forgot how the sizing worked - these run BIG! I normally wear a 9.5 and need an 8.5 (which will be a bit tight but will stretch out in a few wears).

My advice? Pick up a pair for the spring time (jeans, shorts & skirts) but get them small!This shirt fits well. It was not too short and also has a pretty blue. I wear this to work.Love this shirt, fits well, and has a nice feelI love this shoe, had to replace with a bigger size, waiting for them to arrive, this is my 3rd pair of SalomonTrail shoes I love them can't wait for them to come in I have a race to 17th of January and I want to break them in for ,it ,I do a lot of running in the trailsThis dress is beautiful. I ordered a medium but it's a little big on my 5'1", 150 lb frame. Was worried the empire waist would be too snug if I went with a small. Glad I got the medium but it's definitely long and the top has lots of flowy fabric, definitely need a tank underneath. But again, beautiful pattern and print!I like the patizno messenger bag but its zipper kinda of get stuck, however the design and how its made it very cute.These are the most comfortable sneakers I've ever owned. Perfect for running and cross training. Literally like wearing clouds for shoes.Recommended for Han Solo Cosplayers. The holster fits my blaster perfectly.This shirt is very thin and very light which could be a good thing or a bad thing. I love to layer, so it is a great thing for me. It is very opaque, which is nice, and is not too tight/elastic. I like the height of the neckline because it is not too high and not too low. My only complaint is that it fit a little bit weird in the bust area. I am 5'6 and wear a size 4 dress size and I ordered a large.Beautiful dress, but it was way "snug".  The manufacturer says its for Summer - but I tried it on in the house with it plenty cool, and I thought i'd fall out in 5 mins with this hot fabric.  The fabric does not breathe AND with it being so snug, it just sticks to you. Other tham that, it IS a beauitiful dress.  get a bigger size and ice packs and you are good.I bought these for my husband, a long time fan of Polo boots. He was very surprised and happy with the gift. He wears them all the time and says they are very good quality. very quick delivery and excellent service.Perfect.  Second order for my daughter since she loves the first set we got her for Christmas.Great look.Good quality shirt.My Husband has worn these shoes for years and likes themPurchased mens large. Im 62 and 185 lbs. Fits great in body but sleeve could be an inch or so longer.  Great in cold weather and very warm with the sherpa lined vest underneath!Very pretty. Perfect sizeI liked this product very much and hope my nephew will like it as well.  The pictures are very colorful.Lots of compliments! Amazing and beautiful!The shirt looks very good and fits but fits snugly; if it shrinks at all it will be a problem.Bought for a friend she was impressed. Cute setI really like this product.  These are my second pair of this type, and they are great value for the price.But I had to have them shortened 4 inches. The materiel is very light weight so they are great for summer. Would definitely order again but pay more attention to measurements.This idea I had to make my lucky dime into a necklace was made super easy with this coin bezel. It shipped super fast and was quite simple to put together.
The only thing negative I can say about it is that even though it holds the dime securely, it spins in the bezel. But since I have held onto my lucky dime for 35 years I planned on securing it to the bezel with epoxy anyway, just to make sure it stays put.
I have had so many comments on my necklace that I have made several for friends.I wish they were a little taller but I'm short and that's personal preference.  I can wear them all day, even when that includes a fair amount of walking.  They are very stable and comfortable.Nice case with good quality.  Only complaint is it's too large.As advertised in good packaging. Unfortunately, the style did not suit me so I had to return.My daughter had fun wearing this costume. Sizing was spot on. Its really cute in person as well. My daughter will wear it againThese are great! They arrived on time, look awesome and fit perfectly!Basic bread n butter blue scrubs.perfect for an expecting mother !  maximum 5 days expectedAwesome jeans! My favorite pair and I haven't even worn them yet, I only tried them on. Outstanding quality, great packaging, obvious authenticity. Great buy, 5 stars definitelyIt's for a 12 year old girl who's 5ft 4in tall she's very happy with it!Fit too bigI love this bathing suit!  It is so flattering!  I wish the halter strap that comes with it was adjustable though...it's a little too big for me, but still works.Love itDBright colors, full of life, it brings up my cloths. It's very soft and fancy. I love it!!Great swimsuit for a great price. Ill definitely be getting another one in a different design. And like everyone says, size up!/ take your measurementsthe case is great, the polarized lenses just make a wonderful job on the cars dashboard and windshield, the reflections are drastically reduced, I've tried better ones, but for a huge price difference, very happy with iti have 3 different pairs of hue jeggings, all a size medium. i am by no means thin, but a medium fits like a glove. i had to buy these denim jeggings in a large as medium wasn't available and i am a bit disappointed. the length is perfect but the waist is a bit of a low rise. i mean, i do have a JLo butt, but like i said, a medium has always fit perfectly. maybe because this is the first time wearing them, but i do love their jeggings so obviously i will give them another chance :)Nice but the presentation case for a gift is not excellent.Well made and very nicely packaged in Disney gift box.I love the bag.  It is light enough to fill and carry without it feeling too heavy.Wonderful fit, flatters me and is not small in the chest. Only downfall is it attracts lint. Other than that I would buy again.Cute little keychain for my daughter in TK (or me!)Awesome shirtSo far so good. Will update after a few tripsAmazing how much jewelry this holds. I went from a furniture style stand up jewelry box to this compact, take it with you type. Its not that old fashioned, glossy wood kind but more upscale made with a smooth matte leather.Boot sizes are adequate but the height is something I have to lookout for next time. It is so tall that it hits the back of my knee when I walk...It is not the exact size for fit, but it is a wonderful hat, and frankly I am not a hat person.I don't love the belt but the shorts are fine.  Lot's of pockets.These snow boots were awesome for my daughter's year living in Idaho. They were heavy and bulky but that's just how snow boots are; these boots kept her feet warm and dry during the winter snowstorms and had a great grip on the ice, too. Overall, a good buy.I was looking for a flat shoe to wear with jeans that I could dress up or down...this shoe did it!  The fit was true to size,really comfortable and stylist.  I would recommend this shoe to all ages.I'm a small guy, did the review thing and decided to go with the Med. And it was perfect.  At 5'9 and 145lbs. A med. Is what I wear. If you have a gut, go one size bigger for sure. It's a slim guys. Keep that in mind. I have a 31" waist and I find a med. Just right.This thing is awesome. I bought it for a friend as a good luck fishing charm and i think its working. He always out fishes me now. all joking aside it is extremely well made and very affirdable. Great gift.I bought some of these because they are sooo cute!  I'm not sure I'll keep them, however.  There are some orthotic style bumps built into the sole that I'm not sure I'll be able to tolerate.  There is a rather aggressive bump right under the ball of my foot that I don't care for.  Also a little ridge right under the joints of my toe (like a Birkinstock sandal).  It doesn't bother me, but some buyers might not like it.  The rest of the sole is really springy and comfortable. I'll have to wear them around the house some more to see if I can really make them work.  They are cuter than any other "comfortable" shoe I've seen and in spite of the bumps, still more comfortable than most department store shoes.wish the design is betterI bought this for my sister, who after drastic weight loss has found herself "posteriorly challenged." She loves the way they fit and it has helped her fill out her jeans a little bit more. For her, I'd say the padding could be a bit thicker, so it might not be bad to double up if you're extremely flat in the back. Overall, she's happy with the product, which makes me happy. :)Compact and light weight. Just right for travel or car. Extremely easy open/close with button control.Husband  says  he really  likes them. As he does  all his Skechers. He never  had these before just  four pair of the Men's Sports Equalizer Double
Play Slip-on Loafer which he loved. I wanted him to try something different.Very much as expected: large size, easy to read dial, date window is too small and the band had to be trimmed to eliminate overlapping. I have purchased several Stuhrling Original watches and am careful to read the detailed description provided prior to ordering. I like this watch!Fit perfectly and comfortableGreat, love themReceived the product quickly and it's exactly as advertised. My son loves the watch!Very soft and warm. Washes nicely.Pretty cool space age futuristic glasses. You have to wear them slightly lower on your nose to look right but they look cool. I don't wear them daily, I just use it as a prop for my Marty Mcfly costume.This backpack is great - it's roomy, doesn't hurt my back when loaded with books, and looks nice. It says it has a water resistant finish, and while it's way better at keeping water out than my last backpack, a few of my notebooks still got a little wet when it rained. Overall, it's a good backpack!So far so good. Fit good and hasn't turned my finger green. Fast shipping.My son and I love it. The ears are floppy and stick out like in the picture. The costume is a bit snug for 12mo fit but my son is petite so it fits him fine. If your one year old is on the taller size, better go one size up.I bought two pairs of these summer socks for cycling they are a great  length lightweight and perfect for riding in the summer monthsSizing is accurate. Fit comfortably. Price is very reasonable.I got these shoes yesterday and I am so happy!! They are beautiful! They are gorgeous and well made...of course they are, they are Lucky Brand! They got here in record time, only took a few days, and they were packed very nicely. Wrapped up in protective sleeves, they look perfect. I love the color. I was a little skeptical about the tobacco color, but it works! It's a nice change from tan or brown or black. They are great on my feet, the size is true, I got an 8 1/2, and they feel good, the inside is soft and I don't think I will need an insole. I haven't worn them for any length of time yet, but I don't foresee any trouble. The heel is high , but it's a big square, chunky heel, and I feel stable standing in them, the sole is lugged, so I won't slip. I'm used to heels, and this pretty boot doesn't put too much pressure on the ball of my foot. These are going to be so cute for so many different looks!!  I love this boot!! I would definitely order them again!! When I took them out of the box and tried them on , my friend said , ''oh yea, those are sexy!'' Enough said! Comfortable, cute, great unique color, the price was great and the shipping was free! Looks like an awesome shopping score!!These are adorable but unfortunately were too small and narrow for my toddler's foot. Even after checking out the size chart from the company's website, we were misled into buying the wrong size! :(This product was very comfortable during this cold season. I like it since the first time I had to wear it, at that time I had very short hair so this helped me not to get cold. It is very good.I've been buying this model watch for years. The black face is easy to see (easier than the gold / white face model) and it really has three time zones.  The analog plus two digital.  One of the digitals can be 24 hr military time.  I am retired now but I used this watch thru much of my career and while deployed.  Very useful in keeping time in the U.S. easy to see. The hands do not obscure the digital window, a trick that similar analog - digital watch makers haven't figured out how to do.  The band has to be replaced after a year, but its easy to buy on-line or at Walmart.  The crystal can scratch, but its reliable.  Expect to get a year or so out of the battery and scratches will make you want to replace it every 3-5 years.  Still, every time I replace it, I search high and low and come back to this watch. I had an Apple watch for about a week, and returned it.  Back to the casio.  This model was hard to find this time, so Casio may not be making it much longer.I bought this for my teenager who has fallen in love with Labyrinth.  She's going to get a good laugh from it and then add it to her ever growing collection of buttons.Charles River quality that can't be compared.  My granddaughter wears her raincoat more than I ever imagined. I'm sure that once she outgrows it, it will be handed down to her little sister.  Definitely top notch quality and we'll worth the money!  A huge plus was the thick stripe of reflective material in gray on the jacket. That was the deciding factor of my purchase!I like the jacket. It's comfortable and fits well. It's very heavy, and would probably keep me warm even in fairly cold weather. What I don't like are the glove things. They are tight and I have to put my hands through them every time I put on the jacket, so they are constricting around my wrists the whole time that I'm wearing the jacket. This drives me nuts. I'll probably find a way to take them off, although I fear this will damage the jacket. Other than this, though, I enjoy the jacket. It's comfortable and, to my surprise, fits me quite well. I'm 6'4" and over 300 lbs, so I wasn't sure how the 3X was going to work for me. It's certainly not baggy, but not tight either. I wouldn't mind it a little looser, but clearly fits just the way it should.These necklaces are very well made, I bought 3 and would love one in all the colors.  The seller wrote a note with the purchase too which I thought was a very nice personal touch.  If you know someone who loves crosses or even horses as these are made out of horse bits this is an amazing gift.I love Birks and in the spring and summer I live in my sandals.  I was looking for something for colder weather.  These are good, but they seem a little bigger than my sandals of the same size.The length is shorter than expected, but it's still a cute top.Great puma shoes! Good as it looks, my kid likes it! Just few weeks old, I wish would have a better traction, it's just flat bottom! But overall it's a great shoes!What a deal!  Great price on shoes that I would have to pay double elsewhere.  THey are very comfy and I am a huge fan of Enzo Angiolini.Love love love!My girlfriend lovesThese are my favorite slippers. Sorel always puts out quality product. These are perfect for taking the pups out and grabbing the mail. Your feet won't get wet if its raining out.haven't worn them yet, just tried them on, but seemed comfortablevery comfortableGreat runner,great service, even better priceVery nice looking watch for the price, a little dicey on opening and closing the clasp, grateful it fit my wrist prettty good so no need for adjustment on the bandNot as fleecy as others .. but niceI love these. I wear them in the rain (skipping puddles though). No problem. I wore them hiking. No problem. I wore them in the snow and was okay but in the slosh from snow it was not good. I had wet, frozen socks and feet. Definitely planning on spraying the foot with waterproof stuff before I go to the snow again. Also, they aren't warm for snow so I wore with thick socks. However, even this is wasn't upset about because I wasn't expecting it to be perfect in snow and slosh when it's not really intended for that.

My only complaint is that the zipper for the pockets gets stuck and I have to carefully open and close them, so a quick open without others noticing isn't really possible.Very cute 3 pair of socks that I purchased. They were a stocking stuffer and the recipient (girlfriend) was very pleased.

The only negative I will say is they don't go up the leg as much as I expected them to. But that really wasn't a big deal. Very nice.Love these cute boots!!!!everything I hoped for.I love it :) .After reading reviews decided to go up a size.  Happy I did. Fits great. Material feels a little thin. Overall very happy.Not flattering, but definitely WARM!!!  And SOFT!!  Glad I purchased it for those very very cold days/nights when you wish that even your bottom was warm.Socks are the right size for me.  Thank you very much.I like these bras. My recent style (playtex) was discontinued that I purchased for years and was worried I would not find anything I liked. These are pretty decent. I like the durable metal strap rings. One less thing to worry about. Strap width is wider than regular straps but I think my preference would be even wider.  These are good value, price range. Another factor important to me.Great 70's boot. My size 11's fit well.REALLY NICE!Comfortable All Leather shoe, sol and heal, GREAT!very pretty.nice fit.  fabric lower quality than expected.Satisfied.Good fabric, good size, my only comment is that in the picture the strips looks dark navy blue and the one I received is royal blue (not as dark as in the picture). The time for the delivery was much faster than expected.Just as I expected.I had no issues with the fit.  It should be noted, however,  that this was labelled as plus size and it was a good fit for a size 16.  I cannot see it fitting anyone larger than a size 18.  In fact mine had a tear on the shoulder that looked like it was forced on (upper arm a little snug.)  Rather than return, I just stitched it.  I was happy with the costume.they fit ok but just a little to big, but they will work and are a great work boot.SUPER nice for the price!!  Not NEARLY as low cut as the picture.Go up a size, wear a 10 and I bought an 11 and they fit perfect, super comfortable!I love my new Kessa Mabel ankle boots.  They fit perfectly and are super comfortable.  On the day they arrived, I put them on and wore them all day.  I'm planning to wear them on a big trip we've planned and I know they will look good and keep my feet feeling good.good watches  thanksFast shipping and very comfy.  It runs a bit large.  I would order one size down.Fits me wonderfully. That's saying a lot considering I'm 6 feet tall and have 40DD breasts. My only complaint is the bit of extra material near the armpits.This rebozo is beautiful and I'm excited to use it with my first Doula client and at my own birth in March as well. The fabric is obviously synthetic so it isn't as soft or durable as I would eventually like to get but it's wonderful for the price anyway. It's a great length for an average sized woman, I would like a larger one eventually as well. I got the electric purple color and it is very pleasing to the eye. I would suggest this rebozo to anyone who doesn't want to spend a lot of money on one but wants something that is pretty and works.The watch unit itself is excellent, but the band is very flimsy. I still recomend this as a nice (low cost) Rolex replica.Bought these as a "dressy" summer sandal, and they fit my needs rather well. The side strap is a little difficult to adjust, which keeps me from giving the sandal 5 stars.These are the most comfortable wedge sandals I have ever owned. They literally feel like you are walking on sponges. I've gotten a lot of compliments and everyone was surprised they were Crocs.I don't agree with the previous review--sounds like the individual may have gotten a defective bag--this is an amazing bag for the price!  I had seen it in department stores for a lot more money and waited for it to go on sale on Amazon.  I have used it several times already.  The construction is great and it is a very spacious bag.  The sides pull up to give more room if necessary.  Overall, WELL worth the investment!  I am looking at the other sizes to add to my collection!These Family tree of life Hoop earrings (Murano Glass) were given as part of a gift to a friend for her birthday and they were not to small or too large.  They went well with the matching necklace (not sold as a package, but as individuals) I had also purchased.  The silver is dainty and looks nice, hanging below the lobe about one inch long (a guestimate).  It makes a nice gift for friend or family or yourself.  I may go back and by myself the same set.  Lovely earrings.  Well packaged and seller got them to me quickly and I had time to wrap them as a gift.  I would buy from this seller again.This dress was purchased in 2 sizes meant for a 5T and 6x. It does run somewhat large.
The quality is as pictured, with a nice cottony top and the satin ribbon is flat and sits nicely.
I did send this dress back as it was too long in the arms for both my girls.4 stars because I own many Fidji shoes/boots, which are made well, comfortable & stylish. This purchase went back as the sizes listed were American sizes, not the European sizes that are traditionally shown for size selection. A size 39 is NOT the equivalent of American size 9. The correct choice would be a European 40. So, when ordering, go up a size. I requested size confirmation but Amazon was unable to provide that, so - back they go. I would, however, highly recommend Fidji shoes, this style or any other. I stand on my feet all day, so I'm aware of the brands that actually have the comfort benefit without being dowdy or frumpy. Fidji shoes have leather uppers & are leather lined - your feet will breathe.loveFun dress for the holidays!I seriously love these little pants. I bought them for my busy little guy and they're still going strong 6 months later.Nice shoes but seemed about a size too small compared to any of my other free runs. Got an almost immediate, no hassle return credit from the seller so I was satisfied. If ordering though I'd order about a size larger than you normally wear.These days even carying our credit cards is not a simple matter anymore.  With the free Rfid cards enclosed, your credit cards are preotected from those with the device.  The crminals can just walk up to your pocketbook and scan away your credit card numbers.  Place your cards in this special wallet and you can shop anywhere with confidence and know that you have foiled criminals.as orderedSo cute!  Loved it!I fell in love with Columbia's long sleeved silver ridge shirt and was hoping for a lighter weight version for summer. The long sleeved one is dressy enough to be tucked in and worn at work and I was hoping for the short sleeved style to be the same. This shirt is definitely breathable and comfortable on those hot and sticky days. It's great for hiking, camping, and other outdoor activities. However, it is a completely different style and fit than the longs sleeved one. This shirt is rounded and longer in the back on the bottom, which is flattering stylish (but not at all like the long sleeved version). I have muscular shoulders, but am able to wear the small in the long sleeve. This one I had to exchange for a medium to avoid the tightness and tugging around my shoulders. Because I had to up the size, the rest of the shirt fits really loose. The big zipper down the dress pocket also makes it too casual to pull off wearing to work. If you just want a great shirt for summer outdoor activities, ignore my whining about it being different than the long sleeved one, because this is a great shirt!Its real sharpI love these boots.  I had never owned Uggs before, but when I saw these I thought I would try them as they were not as ugly as the originals and I needed warm boots since moving to a colder climate.  I wear a 7 pretty consistently, but after reading these reviews I ordered a 7.5.  They fit perfectly, and are very comfortable (and warm!)  They felt a tad tight when I first put them on, but after a day or so of wear they feel great.  I think they have good arch support, and I'm picky about support as I have very high arches.  I love them so much I'm back to order a second pair!I'm a short person so this skirt is too long on me.  I have to wear the waist band higher then my waist, but I get tons of compliments each time I wear it.Really a great lightweight running top. The fabric is soft to the touch and doesn't chaff the skin
Will probably buy some more.Great ProductGreat color. Comfy.I ACTUALLY BOUGHT THEM AS A GIFT AND THE PERSON REALLY LIKED THEM. IF THEY HAD MORE AVAILIBLE I WOULD HAVE BOUGHT MORE.My 6 year old mostly wears a size 5T but I had to reorder the 4T for her in these.  Having said that I love these.  The ones I ordered for my 9 year old fit perfect.  I like that they come in so many colors.  I can now buy lone rash guards and know I can find bottoms to match.Shoes are totally fine, but are a sized a bit large and they don't offer a 12 1/2 size. I guess I'll have to wear an extra pair of socks! I have heard nothing but good things about Merrell from friends that have them.Nice shiny eye catching watchFits as it should, shows just enough cleavage to be feminine and I love the little cap sleeves.
The graphic is nice but the shirt itself is fine quality and is exactly what I thought it would be.Really supportive of my foot!  Looking forward to lots of walking in it!Absolutely love them. I received many compliments when I wore them.Love this Vest! It's unusual and stylish and fits perfectly. XOXO clothing is always fashionable and beautifully constructed! Very satisfied with this purchase and the selection that amazon carries!Good dreess I love thanksGoodThis is the second pair that I have bought and I continue to find them excellent sandals.  I would recommend them to anyone looking for a comfortable pair of sandals.Fits well. Very difficult to find boots for myself especially safety tied boots. This pair does the trick.I got these at a great price on Amazon (they were on sale) and they fit well. They are good as winter shoes and they are a bit taller than regular ones. Flexible and resistant to my 2 year old boy's adventure.You should be steady on your feet to wear these safely.Sweet kicks.goodFirst of all these are not ultra low. So if you really want ultra low look elsewhere.  With that being said these do work well.  The silicone on the heel holds up the liners and they do no slide down all day. Will be buying more.Great
Excellent
very good quality
my son is happyI really have been enjoying using this bag. I like this bag because of the design it looks very different and unique. I like the leather on the upper pocket and on the cup holders. The bag comes equipped with lots and lots of pockets. You can hold anything and everything in this bag. This bag has so much to offer and the fact that it is build very heavy duty is a big plus. The bag isn't to big which is one of my favorite parts and clips on the side to make it even thinner. The padding on the back isn't to big but it is comfortable when I'm wearing it. This is the same for the shoulder straps. They are not to padded but if you're not filling this pack back to the very top you should be fine. This bag would work great for any student or business man, it would even be great for traveling. I'm not exaggerating when I say you can put whatever you need in this. There are 8 pockets both big and small. Over all the design is what caught my eye and I'm very happy with my purchase.Love this bra! This is the first bra that has actually fit me well ( I am a 40 GG or a 40 J in US size) well made the only down side is the underwire is a little  uncomfortable but it could be that I am off a little in sizing. All I know is the bra held this girls up and gave them a nice shape too! Love the Columbia brand, this is quality stuff. You really get what you pay for. Bought this for the hubby when we went to Taiwan last Oct. I wanted something that is good for the humid weather while also good for the rain. So it rained  A LOT while we were there, this jacket was very handy for the exact reason we bought it for. It drys fast, keeps your body dry while not making you all hot and sweaty. It says it can fold into a pouch size but we've yet to figure out how to do that. Now I want one for myself!Good Qualityit has a little defect.I really like it but it does run really small. I'm normally a medium and ordered large and it only just fits.Beautiful dress, it fits perfect. I didn't have to walk all over the mall to look for a dress. Instead my daughter and I spent time shopping online for the dress with giggles and eating snacks on the couch. I called that a win!  She was over the moon when it arrived. The price and quality are great!Wonderful product, great quality! I just can't say enough about how much we love them! If you are on the fence about getting these, do it, you will not be disappointed!very good leather, well made, but I had to returned because it was too big for me, actually it is man bag and I was looking for something more feministNice dress.I love this purse!!Love the Vera Bradley Tri-fold wallet. Except for the fact th wrong color was sent so it doesn't match my new purse. Waiting for the replacement.Great nato but they sent me another color strap i write to the store and im waiting the answers in general natos are and excellent way to change the look of your watchFlattering fit and quality material. Not as pictured- not as drapey as on model but still loose and comfortable.  Got gray then yellow!! I love it. Im 54 and 143 lbs and small fit perfect:) The pockets are part of my love for this dressThese run a full size large, but are a good deal, so I have bought 2 pairs for my son already.VERY NICE FIT...MINE LOOK LIKE THE HAT PICTURED..VERY SATISFIED!!My son loved thisI love these! I wanted a lace up sheepskin lined shoe that I didn't need socks in, and these are it. I will probably get another pair to keep onhand as I wear these out. So far they have been great in snow and slush and cold temps. They fit with a thin pair of socks, but I prefer them without socks.I love itThey are a little clunky but very good support and cushion for running.Nice top. Fabric is very soft.For the price, this item is not bad. I also enjoy using it.the colors are very vibrant, it is great it has a collar so it covers your neck and it's not that tight tight fitting which is great to move around with.,High-quality product in a case that will survive 1 to 2 years. I wish the case separated the 2 inch and 2 1/2 inch stays; that would allow easier selection from the small box at useThis is a really high quality pendant for the price.  the carving is really beautiful and The obsidian is solid and heavy. The beads are a nice accent. It has a pull type adjustment at the back which I hope holds up a long time but if not I can restring it and still wear it.I like it, but wanted more powerful belt. to hold trousers in place.Super cute shoes, my son loved themThis is a beautiful ring! It has held up to daily wear and still looks newGood valueI failed to read the reviews before I ordered my regular size shoe. 81/2  When they arrived they were way too long in the toe.  Almost two inches.  I returned them and re-ordered a half size smaller - 8 - which fit fine.  The shoes are little stretchy which makes them comfortable and seem to be water resistant so far.So pretty comes in small gift boxThe pants fit comfortably, and seem well made. I have worn, and washed several times with no problems as of yet. The waist button was a bit stiff at first but after a couple of washes broke in nicely. I would recommend a pair of these to anyone.This dress is absolutely gorgeous on. It fits so well and falls in all the right places. The material is so soft almost like a soft sweater and so comfortable. I highly recommend this dress.These cleats fit well and have held up well to the first two games. Haven't been marred when stepped on, and did well on a very damp field. They are as bright as the picture depicts.Cute little casual shoes for the granddaughter. She doesn't like shoes - period - but she will keep these on without complaining for more than a couple of hours if we are out-and-about.When I got the beanie, I pulled it out of the package and it looked way too big and I was quite irritated that I might have purchased a beanie that was too big. But I put it on, and surprisingly, it fit. A little bigger than I would have liked but it fits all the same. Along with this, it's great material and the delivery was great, it arrived about a week before I was anticipating it. Overall, I would buy again for other colors.I wanted a pair of slim brown cords and theses pants fit the bill perfectly.  The fabric holds it's shape well and I prefer these to levi's cords which I found to stretch too much.Service was good, item was as described. Item-wise, they are great. Use them for running and urban cycling. Good grip, comfy, and warm enoughI purchased a Large and I am 35 weeks pregnant weighing 160lbs. This fits perfect. Not tight at all. The material feels great. Will be placed in my hospital bag.I bought a size 5 for my 5 year old daughter. It's a bit loose around the waist, but fits well everywhere else. Nice color, excellent quality. Can't beat the price here on Amazon.The cuffs at the bottom are super small. I wear size 6 shoes and I can barely squeezed feet in. Other then that I love it.I love Dickens cause it fit so good.I love it!! Its beautiful. But 1 on the quartz fell offBy far the most comfortable underwear Ive ever purchased at an extraordinarily reasonable price.Nice thick, soft, and warm. I am a bigger gentleman and I have no problem with the elastics hampering circulation. They are snug and an all around great sock. I would recommend for anyone who wears quarter high socks and is looking for more than normal warmth. The reduction of star was only because they recommend not using the dryer but since its a wool blend I should think dryer is fine. I did take one pair and ran them thru the dryer without incident so it may just be their cautiousness. Cold wash these.Was initially concerned that these would be too stiff and that they may be high at the back and bruise my archilles tendon (I've had running shoes that do). These fit well. The lacing system is easy to use and when tightened up makes shoes fit perfectly. I use for walking mainly but have been using to go to school for the day during wet days in winter and they fit great and easy to loosen when just sitting. Good grip and sturdy construction. They are a bit heavy for normal running but I guess off road running you would get used to these on trailsNot kidding slim, but fit as such.  A little cottony wrinkly, but stretches a little.  Light and cool feeling.  Not heavy at all like denim.  Thanks.These are so comfortable and no panty line.  I have purchased these many times.  I hope they never stop making them.Nice.I received it yesterday and I'm so happy with it. It looks exactly as the picture and it's so comfortable. Love it!It is so cute and my daughter loves it! Great boots... Would be perfect if they used metal lace holes instead of sewn on leather... But they appear to be sturdy enough. Just not sure about longevity. My last pair of Vasque boots lasted for over 2 years of tough trail terrain and then I got another 21 years of street wear out of them.  These are warm and dry. They look good and have great traction... Been wearing them every day and needed no break in. Can't beat'em and Vasque is the right brand!nicely constructed...way too small..gotta work on your size chart, folksJust beautifulSooo beautiful...Love this product!  It's got flash and flare!  The fabric is extremely thin...Yet it was a crowd pleaser on stage.  Kids love it too!I like this bra.  It is supportive and looked smooth under my clothes at first.  The more I wore it and washed it, the more the tops of the cups started to roll out, so now there is an obvious line around the top of the cup that can be seen under my clothes.  I still wear it because it is so supportive, but now I only wear it under sweatshirts or other clothes in which the cup line won't be noticed.My boss had this watch and I saw him wear it every single day over the last four years. I always admired the sleek design and the classic look of the watch. And when time came to get a few gifts this holiday season, I looked up the reviews here and ended up buying two of these watches.

My shipment arrived yesterday and this watch has surpassed my expectations. It is really light and thin and sits very well on my wrists. I wear a Tag now and bought both these watches for gifting in the family, but now am really tempted to hold on to one of these.
Pros - very light, very thin and very classic look with formal ware.
Cons - the lock looks a bit flimsy, but I doubt if the paint would break off any time.

Overall a very good investment for less than hundred dollars. Will buy one for myself as well!I bought 4Y and it fits well on my 23m girl. my girl loves it and it does get a lot of compliments.it fit perfect on my daughterExvelente TahnkGood shirtMuy buen productoJust what I wanted.  Will work great for my emergency earthquake supplies.Good!Cute and very comfortableFirst things first...Do not... DO NOT...  eat porkchops with this shirt on. Twenty-three unsightly stitches and two restraining orders later I learned MY lesson..  Nuff Said?  Aight then

When the magical shirt came... oh hell yes....it increased my dexterity +2 and stealth +8.  ...and when there is a full moon and any Ozzy CD is within earshot ( well... except for some of the garbage for the late 90's...  Judas Priest will be a fine substitute )  the shirt will give off the hot musk of a wolf-lord that has just devoured a rabbit...Looks good. 17 inch zipper tie.I love these bootsWas great when we needed it, but bought a second and baby girl suddenly didn't need it anymore. They grow out of this stage fastGirlfriend loves this hat!This is at least my 2nd pair. I love the way they fit and feel. I wear them everywhere! They aren't just for the boat. The last pair was a gift from my son and daughter-in-law.  So comfortable they are my first pick each day which can be a problem because they can get ugly fast... rather embarrassing at times when going out so I bought this pair for going out on the town.Very cute! I love their line of clothes and will be sad to see her leave this style since 6x is the highest level! I wasn't sure if 6x would still fit, but it's actually a little bigger than I had expected and was the perfect size because I like to order a little big to allow for her growth spurts:) size 6 probably would have been perfect, but she would have outgrown it in no time. 6x was perfect!Like the ring, its just a little largeThe bag is awesome! Seems sturdy and well-made. Like others have said, the interior lining is not sewn in but I don't think that it will ever be a problem. I tried pulling it up and it just seem like it'll never move much on its own.Super  stretchy if it's all your curves. I'm  average height and 275 and it fits perfectGreat boot. Great material. Great fit. Bought these for my daughter since she grew out of her last ones. Very durable and my daughter loves them.Sexy as heck for my Halloween ensemble. Fits a little loose but I don't mind that. Thanks - will use it again. Thanks for sending in time for the party!It was a great shirt, especially for the price.Only pair of harem pants that has ever flattered me.  I usually feel like an Oompa Loompa in the standard, one-size-fits-all version.  So I ordered two more pairs.  Thank you!Since my girlfriend gave me my first Papi briefs, I have thrown away all of my Fruit of the Loom, BVD's and Haines cotton briefs.  There is NO comparison!I bought several wallets of this type in an attempt to replace the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/W-uuml-rkin-Stiffs-RFID-Leather-Magic-Wallet/dp/B00GXKW22K/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">W&uuml;rkin Stiffs RFID Leather Magic Wallet</a>&nbsp;, which I liked, but not enough to justify the price when the elastic on all such wallets wears out over time. I did not end up using this as my day-to-day wallet because it had too few credit card slots to contain all of the cards I need on a daily basis, and the zipper pocket was not expansive enough. ( Currently I'm using the&nbsp;<a data-hook="product-link-linked" class="a-link-normal" href="/YCM020103-Black-Grey-Fashion-Magic-Wallet-Card-Holder-Gift-For-Father-By-Y-G/dp/B0091CVZSO/ref=cm_cr_arp_d_rvw_txt?ie=UTF8">YCM020103 Black Grey Fashion Magic Wallet Card Holder Gift For Father By Y&G</a>&nbsp;as my regular wallet.  )

I do think this would be an excellent travel wallet, and will be using it as such.Soft & ComfortableI bought a couple of these (one in black and one in orange) prior to leaving on a cruise late this winter.  I figured that they were inexpensive enough that if I never ended up using them, it would be no big deal.  I'm glad that I got them.  The daytime temps were fabulous, but evenings got a bit breezy on the ship and I got chilly at times with sleeveless or strapless clothing.  These wraps fold up quite small and were an easy thing to stick in a purse or pocket and have on hand when we decided to wander out on deck late at night.

The wrap is a nice size at 6' in length and drapes nicely while wearing it.  The rayon viscose fabric is fairly lightweight and is in a woven twill pattern.  While the weave of the fabric isn't overly loose, the threads of the fabric CAN get snagged a bit on earrings or against rough edges on furniture, etc, so be careful with that.  I wanted to point out that this is NOT a high-end wrap (not that you were expecting that for $8.99, right?); however, for the low price, I think the quality of the wrap is pretty good.

The 3" knotted fringe was something that I had sort of planned to cut off when I read on the product page that the wraps had it, but I was actually surprised to find that I like it.  I'm not usually into big fringe, and this isn't -- it's fairly subtle and adds a nice touch.

As is typical with this type of fabric, it takes a dye very well.  The orange one that I received is a pretty tangerine color that looked appropriately "tropical."  The black was just a safe bet because it would work with lots of options.  I can only speak to the two colors I bought, but mine didn't turn out to be as shiny as they appeared in the pics on the product page -- a bit of a shimmer to the fabric, but nothing actually shiny.  I think I'm going to order one or two more (maybe a blue or green) since they're such low cost and take up practically no space.

It comes with a fairly noticeable fabric-type tag stuck on the wrap with adhesive. I was able to pull the tag off both of my wraps easily without leaving any sticky residue behind.I love these Walls overhalls. The last pair I had I had for over 20years.  I was so happy to find them again.need to get FR rated for work. I would buy againIt is fits as I wanted it to be and thank.Stylish, soft, lightweight hoodie. My toddler loves it!Took a bit to break them in. I still have a spot that rubs on the top of my foot but if I wear thick socks its not a problem.Well made shoe  - purchased for my granddaughter.Very comfortable. Broke in easily. First hike with the boots and went for 5 miles and never hurt my feet. Also had very good traction on the mountain. Very good desert boot for hiking.Came on time !!! Love themMountain Khakis never disappoint.  Great fit for active people.  Extremely tough pants that I wear all the time (Climbing, Hiking, waterfall free-soloing, biking, around town casual wear).  This is my 4th pair and I will be buying more.  Oh, and you can't beat the price on Amazon.Bbvvbwell made product.Cute but not as stretchy as I would like, thus a little tight on my large feet (10)This is a lovely veil. I regret to say I did return mine though because it is actually light ivory not white, and my dress is very white. I could definitely see the color difference when I held the veil up next to my dress but when actually wearing the veil I was harder to tell. It probably would have been fine but it was bugging me so I ended up getting a different white veil. For the price and quality I would rate this five stars, but because the product description didn't make the fact that this was ivory very clear I marked it down to 4.NoneMy daughter was and still is going on how well the bra fits.  The color choices are many; she couldn't be happier than the hot pink and black set.  :)I love the color and it's actually brighter than the picture shows. It's beautiful. It does run a little large, which made it longer than I would have liked it to be, so it just made it nice and roomy!These shoes are very comfortable.  I have them in brown and black. The quality is excellent and the price is very reasonable.The material is very thin but I live in the south so it's really hot here in the summer. I ordered a size medium and it's too big. I normally were a size 5 pant and a medium shirt.  I'm 5'4" 127lbs C cup bra size. This romper was way to big. The bottom sags and the top portion is too loose. Not so large that I won't wear it though.  It is nice. Good enough for the price.Okey dokeyNice shoe. I like the elastic versus the typical ties that always be re-tied. I think it looks classy too.Very nice. I have used them several times and they still hold well. Apart from minor scuffs which is normal the quality is good in general. Good value of money.I got this had just in time fits perfect and is adjustable to almost any head. I took mine to a trip to
mia with me. Came in handy sitting on south beach i was able to fly my drone and see it thanks to the hat keeps sun out of your eyes love this hat check at the video on youtube tbteckreviewer of my flight in MIA. I receive this product at a discount price in exchange for a honest review.NYDJ never disappointsWhatever happened to the rigid variety? The stretch ones I got (expected rigid) are somewhere around a 3-star. Very comfortable, but the stretch fabric looks and folds the way really old, cheap jeans do. The rigid version I bought from a Levis store last year took some breaking in, but it's still my favorite pair. Please bring it back.Great gift.  It came quickly and my daughter loves it.  Would definitely buy again.Exactly what was orderedMy daughter loves it! It very cute and it is perfect for Holloween! (Hint, buy it bigger so they  can wear clothes under it.)Great quality and nice color. I have this same boot in the camel color and it fits great. The exact same size in the black is too tight. Too lazy to return it so I hope it stretches a little.  Otherwise I would give it a five star.Loved this boot! Bought it for my 5 yr old who has sensory issues and refuses to wear socks. He's extremely picky about his feet. He wore these no problem and doesnt want to take them off. The real sheepskin fur keeps his feet nice and warm even on the coldest days. Another plus, they don't get smelly like synthetic shoes do if u wear them w/o socks. The quality seems very good..been wearing them over a month and holding up great. Easy to pull on and off by themselves, too. I want to get a pair for me!It fits and feels comfortable.  If you use mineral makeup, you may not want to purchase it in the color black.Big for our 7.4lb baby but he will grow into it! Very soft and sweet.My son wore these as he started to walk and they are awesome! The bottoms have a cushion so its not a completely flat surface the baby is stepping on. I like that they are very soft and did not cause any blisters or marks on his feet. I also liked the openings which allowed air circulation especially during warm summer months, his feet did not sweat in these.Kind of big but after a wash and dry it was okayExactly as pictured and it was loved by my granddaughter but I wish it ran a tad larger as it just fits now may not in a couple months.
However, it was still a huge hit. Fantastic customer service. I had to ask a estimated delivery question and it was answered promptly and arrived on time for the her birthday.This is a lovely skirt! However it is a lot lighter than the image depicts. Id say its more of a yellow-green than a true kelly color. That being said its a perfect length and nice material!For the price, these were great, snug but not too snug and I love that the print is on both the back and the front.Coat arrived in perfect condition, by the size was smaller than expected, great look nonethelessGreat accessory for pirate costume. Not heavygreatCostume was super cute. It had a lot of details and the fabric was better than I expected. I wear a 34DD and the Medium surprisingly fit in my bust area but it was a little on the short side.These are nice pants and are exactly what I was looking for. They are perfect for an upcoming wedding I'm attending in Turks and Caicos.I truly like this sweater.  I would like it a little larger than it is. The color is beautiful.Great fit, great shirt- I ordered two more.I got these laces because I shred through the laces for my hiking boots every 6 months or so and I get tired of replacing them. These things are awesome. They're strong and have a great feel to them. I've had them for 3 months and they show no sign of wear and tear... they look like I just got them yesterday. Fantastic.I am usually a small/medium. I bought a small and it fit perfectly! It's stretchy, but not overly so. It is perfect for a business casual environment.These are nice to walk in..I just wish they had more colors.I ordered three of these, two for gifts and one, of course, for me! I took a chance because the price was so low, and they ended up being very cute!They are great.  They fit well and are a beautiful color.  I've always loved Clark's and I was not disappointed.I needed to replace the belt.  Without one it, the dress looks terrible.  The belt that arrives with it is garbage.  But once I swapped the belt with one of my own,  the dress is actually great.This is the exact same bra as Shock Absorber Women's Multi Sports Max Support Sports Bra Top, offered at $50+ here on Amazon. I know because I have ordered several of the Shock Absorbers and put them side by side, only diff is the logo. Save some money and order this one.  Works good for large breasts and everyday workout. Not a runner so cant comment.Nice shirt.Helped with support postpartum. The Velcro doesn't attach and stay great when sitting down . But it sure made me feel more comfortable and helped my waistline and hips shift back!

Edited: three star to four star! Custmer support is excellent! I was offered a refund. They really want their customers happy and were very generous.Actually stay up when you wear them with vans, etc.Cute shoes. However they were too small based on the size and I gave them to my niece so I don't know how they ended up wearing.Very happy with my purchaseThese are quality leggings at an excellent price. Great fabric with just the right amount of stretch.  Non-see through.  Plan to buy again.This scarf is incredible. It can be worn in some many different ways and it is warm.This thing is absolutely hideous and was a great xmas gift for a white elephant.  Got a lot of good laughs.  I think it's made of latex so don't get it for yourselfShoe was comfortable and true to size.  I prefer a wider toe area.  Sending them backMy daughter bought this for her sister. It is very pretty.I like them, they seem to run narrow. Got a great price on Amazon.  They come with optional running treads,Get a waist size bigger than you normally do.I like it. I can't say I love it until I see how it wears; if the beads stay in place and the "jewels" don't drop out.  It's very much as presented in the picture, though I think the basic bracelet is even prettier than shown - the leafy pattern above/below the beading is nice, heavy, and very pretty.  It feels nice and solid on my wrist indicating some expense - it does not feel light and flimsy.Great Belt!Was not the typ for my wallet but it fit and it works very well.This worked well for the purpose and is nice looking. I agree with another reviewer who said this can catch on things, the lace areas between tiers have that potential to happen occasionally. Also, I personally think the underskirt could be a few inches longer.These are very comfortable, soft, flexible. And the color is just right for summertime wearing I like them very much.Great shape but runs very small.Adorable backpack! My daughter loves it, but unfortunately the quality isn't great. The feet are just glued on. My daughter pulled one right off.
We love the backpack so much that I'll try to fix it. Just disappointingSUPER SEXY in fit and feel...Goes perfectly with a gater belt. Very sheer and sexy. Makes a night out even more enjoyableWas looking for a good unlined denim jacket. Purchased 2 of these Wrangler jackets. They definitely are of the best quality and very pleased with them. Good price and glad I didn't purchase any other types or makes.material could be betterToo high of a price for a tank. finish quality was ok. I ended up returningWanted pockets in pajama pants.I am 5'9" 165lbs I ordered the brown ones in large. They fit perfect they went all the way down to my ankles. They had a smooth look and did not bunch up at all they were tight enough where I didn't have to keep pulling them up all day but not too tight to where I couldn't move so I wasn't worried about bending over and ripping them cuz they are stretchy. I wore them to the Renaissance Festival as part of my costume they match my corset perfectly I got so many compliments on my pants that day.These shoes are the most comfortable spiked shoes I have ever owned. Already had a white pair that I loved, so I knew they would fit. The size is pretty accurate. I wear a size 12 shoe d width. Ordered these at those specs and it was right on. Have already recommended them to my golf buddies.I do have a problem finding a comfortable wide shoe but these fit perfect and are so easy to slip on and off. I love the silver color and style.Great look at a great price. Love the wedge for the heel look with the stability of having a wedge for a long day of shopping. Fabric between toes does not rub or leave blisters. Loved them so much I bought in multiple colors. Fit very true to size.The only issue I've had with these pants are that they easily get holes in the pockets. Otherwise they are awesome, I love them!Really cute and good quality.  Run a bit large, but that is what the adjustable waist and sash are for!  Also hasn't been through a wash/dry cycle yet, which will shrink them a bit, I'm sure.  The length is perfect and the little button detail on the side is a nice touch.The XXL size is a bit large for my 14EE feet but usable. If I get more, I'll try XL. Slightly thicker than other brands i have tried, so might be good for fall and winter.Great deck shoesFit greatvery comfortable, size was as expectedPurrrfect! Great accent for dress, coat and it is very warm! The product is impeccable, I believe the supplier shipped it on time but post office did not deliver until after almost a month!  Be warned, it comes as registered mail. After tracing the parcel, I decided to inquire in the post office. Well, there it was, lying for over 2 weeks! Amazon, please do not say it will ship at a later date when in fact it was ready 2 weeks earlier. I could;ve worn it during the freezing days! Product is excellent, shipping is so so.I got the natural colored TOMS and they are so cute! They are true to size. Extremely comfortable.

I paid around $60; For crochet flats that is a little bit pricey considering there were similar shoes by other brands for $25. I have never owned TOMS and thought these would be perfect for my destination wedding which is why I went ahead and paid the $60.

All in all, good material, great cause, and great shoes. Highly recommend.Adorable and comfortable!Stylist look.Nice and warm fleecy material. Super comfy, and nice size. I'm 6'2 and the X-large fit well. A few stray threads where the strips are sewn on but nothing coming off even after a few washes. Wore it as a Halloween costume and still as pajamas.The XL fit great, nice athletic ,cling to the body fit.

 I am not sure how well this shirt will wear over time. I play bass guitar in a rock band and I only use this shirt as stage wardrobe so wear and tear won't be an issue for me.Love it. My niece was so happy. Thanks.I think that I probably read every single review before purchasing this shirt... only because I was completely baffled as to which size to get. Typically, I wear a medium, but the majority of reviewers suggested ordering a size or two up. I went with a large and am satisfied with that. An extra large would have been too big, and though I think that a medium could have worked, the large is a good fit.

I would recommend trusting your REAL size and not even looking at the size chart that Amazon provides. Had I used that chart as a reference and ordered a size up, I'd own a 2XL shirt and I'm pretty sure that would have fit me like a tent.

I also noticed that some reviewers commented on the fact that the shirt is longer than expected. I'm 5'10", approximately 150 pounds, and the shirt hits me at my hips. It looks great with skinny jeans, but I don't think I'd be comfortable wearing it with leggings. It's just not quite long enough for me to do that.

I hope this review helps with your sizing needs! Overall, I'm very satisfied with the product. I'd definitely recommend it to others.My daughter bought this shirt for her brother for his birthday, and he loves it. Very comfortable and nice quality.Really cute very comfortable out of the box, no break in needed - lots of complimentsGreat lightweight bag, works fine when I go walking.SERIOUSLY!!!! The most beautiful ring we could have ever imagined!!! We have gotten so many compliments on this ring, everyone wanting to know "where did you get it??" "how much was it??" This ring is beautiful, never scratches, and Suci and Brandline are amazing :) We could NOT be happier with any purchase we have made on Amazon to date! Highly Recommend this product and supplier!!!! <3 Heather & Jim!I personally own this bag and the quality is great, these 1 star reviews are people that are not satisfied with the price.to wear woth jeans and got shopping, wonderfulIt's an end of search. The best price.
Keep in mind to order half size smaller then you wear as they run bigPurchased as a gift and she loved it.  Perfect for the gym.great product.  awesome quality especially the pvc patch .  Pretty coolSo cute! Bought as gift for 2 year old. I haven't seen it on her but I must say it was even cuter when it arrived than how it looks here. Top is a silky type material.I look awesome wearing it !Bought for my teen and looks comfy and cute!Looks good and feels good! I can see why the other reviewer would complain about the shirts being hanes brand but personally i think im glad because its nice and comfortable!they fit well for a 6-9 month old. They aren't too wide and they are super cute. I love them but I needed a bigger size so I ordered the 3.5 for my baby. The 3.5 is the stage 2 which is what my baby needed anyway.Perfect fr my needs at theThey look great and are easy for my 5 year old son to put on and take off all by himself.I like these sneakers and feel that are great for the price. I would consider buying them again maybe in a different colorFits as expectedVery warm and not too bad on flexibility.This costume is a great buy.  Bought it for my daughter to wear at our Sock Hop party. Fits her perfectly.Love It! I used every day! Lot space for my personal things!I ordered the olive drab bag on Sat.  I recd it on Wed.  Perfect.  Just what I wanted.These shoes are so comfortable. I have really bad feet, and I can't just wear any shoe. I am happy that I found these to wear for my wedding day.My husband and dad loved the feel of this t-shirt!Necklace is very nice. I'm rating this a 5 because the necklace is what ordered, not knowing that the weight of the necklace was light. I would of like it to have been heavier in silver grams.I love the look of the shoe!  The olive green is beautiful.  The only thing I would change about the boot is that shaft.  It is pretty wide at the type leaving a space around my knee. I am 5'3, 126lbs with an athletic build. My legs are very toned - just to paint a picture.  Even though they are large at the top, the look of them outweighs that one con!Very happy with these Adidas turf-style shoes.  Good, snug fit, great traction on the non-rubber filled artificial playing surface.  Took less than a game for my feet to "settle in" to a nice overall feel and fit.  Would buy again.This sweater is awesome! Fits well, true to size. Very soft material. Definitely need a tank underneath it, but it has quickly become my favorite sweater. Worth every penny!I love star wars, and this shirt is great.Not that badThey ran larger than we expected them to so they were apt to slip off too easily but my grandson liked them.  They gave him a nice bit of protection from the hot sand.This set was perfect at first. But after a couple of washes, the jacket had a much tighter fit. Inexplicably, the pants didn't shrink but you do have the waist band turning a bit. Even with all that, this is a very comfortable set. I will have to stretch the jacket out but other than that, I like it. Would I order another one? Maybe in a larger size to accommodate for the jacket.This bag is the BEST - I love it!!! It is the perfect size to fit everything I want - it has 2 zippered pockets along with 2 open pockets to keep keys, phone,etc, items  separated and easy to find. There were absolutely no flaws of any kind with this bag - beautiful suede -zippers & liner were perfect - color perfect. One of the best bags ever purchased!a gift.love themLove it...though I wish the feathers would stay inside the lining of the coat...somedays I look like a goose!I bought these sandals for my 18-month-old (who started walking at 17 months), and love them! They're comfortable and quick and easy to get off and on. Best of all, they're water-proof and easy to clean. They do get a little smelly, but easy cleaning makes it a non-issue.I love love love these boots! They are very well made with not a stitch out of place. Very cute with LOTS of compliments. Well worth the price although they were not expensive. And Prime shipping. The denim is what I ordered, and the material is real denim ,very unique.Ring fades from body acids, so it dulls, darkens and the etching fades.
Very smooth on the inside. The inside's smoothness is great, but the rest of the aspects (thickness, firmness, shape, etc) is still not the most comfortable.I like vibrams - but these fit just a bit oddly - hoping after wearing a few more teams to break them i a bitThis bag is a great size, durable and very light.  It holds all of our hanging items easily and has room in the bottom for shoes as well.  We love it.  The roller wheels are very good and they seem like they will hold up over time.this is not a bathrobe... more like a microfiber blanketMy mistake was that I never measured my original shoelace in order to buy another one, so I ordered a smaller pair to save some cash.
But I'm pretty sure it would be a great fit if you knew how many inches you need.Love these pants. Make my short legs look longer and they fit fantastic around the waist.this is just what I needed and the color blend is gradient not obvious I got the dark brown that has lighter caramel highlights that is silky like human hair but I used these for sewing some fur boot topper cuffs because all the socks you can buy are very small that would only fit around the wrist so I think most of the available additions for boots are mislabeled these are nice because you can trim them if you have to or wear them the size they come in there is a slight scrunched section on the inner fleece band that will stretch but I cut the part out because they were too wide but I like it so I don't have to keep searching for the faux fur fabric that is only sold in yards so you have to buy a large amount if you only need smaller parts.Long lasting , look great, fresh out of the dryer. Great pockets!Got quite a few compliments.Snug fit made possible by spandex in fabric content. I enjoy wearing this!Got mine four days before actual delivery date! Soft and cozy. I normally wear a size 8 and based on the reviews people said that these boots ran small so I orderd a 9. Well now I wish I had orderd an 8 because the 9 looks and feels huge on my feet. Im  still going to wear them and keep them. But definitely in the future I will order my true sizeThe only pants I buy for work. They are thicker than regular khaki's but not quite as thick as jeans. They are very durable, and last a long time.Very cute,Security pocket is a bit small and difficult to put cash or an ID inside. It would also be nice if they offered more sizes.Fit just fine.  Quality seems good on first impression.Comfortable simple sweaterPerfect fit. Not too loose. Non slip works great.I needed an extra long tie and the length is great and also the color is as expected.  It was purchased at a great price.  I received it timely.You definitely get what you would expect for the price. It is great -- I actually only ordered this based on the pics from other reviewers (those pics made it look badass, not the terribly faked Photoshop mini-model swimming in something non-existent in reality).  As other reviewers state, it's small. Go up 1-2 sizes from your norm. Side note, sequins snag easily on each other. Still worth the price. (Thanks other reviewers!)Robeez shoes are just so cute. Love the style!ASICS --- Japanese manufacturers rule!!It was what I wanted I couldn't find that color anywhereWorks as designed. shipped fast and no issues.Niceawesome and simple just how life should be.Nice watch, color is not same like on photo,
More yellow than golden but still acceptableGreat costume! My daughter loved it!Fantastic shoes!  This is my 4th pair!A little small but really useful.I bought these as an affordable and cruelty free alternative to other suede/fur shearling boots.  The faux suede material is more like fabric than suede and is a little shiny, but the fur inside is thick and very warm unlike many faux fur linings.  I have not worn them more than a few times so I am not sure whether they will hold up for a long time, but at such an affordable price I don't think I can complain.Very niceFit as expectedIt's my second pair.  My last pair lasted 3 years.  My heel wore out the inside lining after 3 years, but the rest was still fuctional.  I wear them all winter because I work out in the bush.  I'm so happy my toes, feet and ankles won't get cold.  They're nice and light too.  I never got cold, wet feet.  I hope they keep making them.  I'll need another pair in 3 - 4 years.Great, expensive looking boot, but run narrow and a little small.  I normally wear a 9.5 and reordered in a 10 wide calf.  The 10 wide calf fit well in length of the foot, but were still narrow.  The shaft was too small on the regular boot, but too large on the wide calf.  I considered keeping them anyway because look so nice, but it would bug me that they make my foot look really long and narrow- not great when I already have big feet.Great!Love the fabric! Soft and comfy. Looks great with jeans or skirt!Nice simple shoeI love the color and pattern, the material is soft, but it's a bit big for me. I would say I have an average size head.The best feeling shoes ever. But this color "umber" is Orange! /Very bright orange.Great shoe made my leg look long lean and sexyNice wallet, simple, room for 5 to 6 cards, and room for cash. Good quality and style. Would recommend it!Son's rating as it was a gift to him. He loves the fit, quality, and look of the fatigues. Wears them almost dailyexcellence buy. the weight of the watch feels good & it seems to keep good time...Comfy and cute shoes. A little large but still worth it. I'm going to enjoy wearing them with just about anything.This is a really outstanding watch.  I am in the Army and liked the.color and have previously owned one Citizen eco drive watch which was heavy and had a metal band the slowly and painfully pulled out a substantial quantity of hair from my wrist.  I have also owned Casio watches that are very good, most recently a pathfinder titanium that was very light but also pulled the hair a lot and I found I was constantly pushing buttons on it and most of the functions went unused.  But I have always thought the Quartz movement of analog watches were very jerky and, although they were generally very accurate, they just did not sit right with me because I always remembered the old analog watches with very smooth second hand function.
Well, I finally found a watch that is substantial but light and very accurate with the movement that I have always loved.  No buttons to push, the luminosity of the face at night is more than sufficient to read the time and this watch really is beautiful in its simplicity.  It has been very accurate so far and looks good no matter what I am wearing.  I am not afraid to get it wet and pretty much keep it on all the time.  Just prior to buying this watch, I had purchased a nice looking Invicta watch that could not keep running more than too days.  It was beautiful, but I sent it back and bought this watch instead and I am so glad I did.  You will not go wrong with this watch.At first I wasn't sure about the color, but when i got it, it was great.  The skirt was a great fit and the stretch makes even your most bloated days feel okay.I bought this to put photos of my grandsons in it - and love it! I have one photo face forward and one back. It took a bit to get the top photo to line up correctly, but was worth the time. I'd give this a five-star except it does come unscrewed - or at least has once for me, so I am being careful to be sure it is screwed on tightly and since the one time have had no trouble with it coming unscrewed. So far - very happy with this!These are lovely but do not show the color as well as in the pictureDress was beautiful and fit perfectly! It did leave glitter everywhere and on whoever held my daughter.Fine glasses.  Well polarized.  I was a bit disappointed by still getting some blowby, causing tearing, while skiing and biking.  But they are at least as good as the ones they replaced, which finally broke.Good shirts and nice colors.  The only drawback is that like most T-shirts, the neck line gets stretches out somehow and starts really sagging.The jeans are great quality with a great amount of spandex...just enough to make a bum look good.  However they fit slightly odd on me.  (5'7 160pds) The bottom is not as fitted as I was expecting.Fun Design, easy to identify at luggage carousel.  Zippered internal areas.Gorgeous and comfy!I bought a different outfit from Amoretu that broke within the first time of me wearing it, I wrote a review and immediately was contacted by the seller. They offered to send me a gift card to purchase a new outfit from them. Of course I accepted and purchased this babydoll which is a little hard to put on because I am a little busty, but as soon as I got it on it fit great and looked great! Used it for Valentines day and the husband loved it! The fact that this company contacted me with an unhappy purchase and made it right shows how great their customer service really is! I will recommend this company to anyone and will be purchasing from them again!!I got it for someone for a birthday present and they love it! :) The pendant is nicely detailed and it has beads on the sides! The string was too long though but that was adjustable with a pair of scissors!I love the fit and fabric. Fabric is so soft, stretchy, and thick unlike most shirts these days that are paper thin and sheer. The fit is semi fitted- lays very naturally on my body without being too tight or too flowy. The armholes are very long... the bottom of it goes to my waist so a bralette or sports bra is necessary for me to wear this, but that was expected since it's a muscle shirt. The middle section across the bust is quite slender- barely covers the nipple area, but again that is kind of expected in this style and also might be exaggerated with my D cup push up bra versus someone with a smaller chest.  The graphic is not like photographed on Amazon-  it's actually bright yellow and orange which I love, but is misleading in their photograph. That's the only reason I took a star off- not because I don't like it but because the colors in the picture are misleading. For reference I ordered the small and I'm about 5'3, 115 lbs. Fit was great.This warmup suit was for my wife, who absolutely loved it! Great fit, colors, and style.Little difficult to get on snugAfter their 3rd run through the wash, the non-skid dots on the bottom aren't as tacky. My little standing fiend is slipping all over the place.Best support and comfort I have ever had in a pair of underwear. My build is such that my legs are very muscular but my hips are not very wide this leads to chafing. These underwear solve that problem (and also given me excellent support in other areas ;-).The color is a little lighter than I expected. But still a good quality product.Decent but nothing like the picture.Is nicelove itthe socks fit like a glove...but only on my feet. Wish they were a bit thicker but they fit the purpose.Although I wasn't in a big hurry to get these in the mail, as they are for my Halloween costume, I was more than satisfied at the speed in which they did arrive. I have purchased other lace gloves from other business in the past and I've bought a couple of pairs that cost more than the $6 I spent on these and I have to say I am impressed with the quality of these. Especially on the seems. I've bought a $10 pair from a costume supply company and they were extremely uncomfortable in the seems. These are nice and soft. They are a lace material so I do caution that they will tear if you pull on them, but thats not a defect that's just the nature of the material. I will order these again if I need them.Love them!!Very cute, affordable boots.  I wear 9.5-10 and 10 was very tight/short.  I was afraid 11 would be to large so I did not repurchase these.  Definitely size up.Very nice. Got xl. i am us m/l.It's super comfortable and light and great for working out in because it absorbs the sweat.  And it's really nice to sleep in or just lay around the house.  You can hand wash it and hang it up and it dries quickly.  Highly recommend.These are amazingly comfortable, especially when you stand on concrete floors all day. I wore mine for quite sometime, but I must've stepped on something sharp and pierced the sole, so now I get a little squeak when I walk. I couldn't handle sounding like I was wearing clown shoes anymore, so they now just look nice in my closet. Absolutely worth the purchase, and I loved the time I had with these shoes.These shoes are actually quite comfortable for me. I had selected them because of the wide toe box (most walking shoes do NOT have, and I have tried many!) which I needed for my seriously problematic old feet. The reason for the four stars rather than five is due to the fact that they are not very well made and will probably not last long; one very noticeable problem is the tongue is too short. They cannot even be laced all the way up.
However, I am keeping them for as long as they will hold up due to the surprising comfort. Then on to the next frustrating hunt!I ditched the fat wallet years ago and just keep 1 credit card, 1 ATM card, license and insurance card (plus dollar bills).  Cards fit tight and won't fall out.  The bill holder is a bit snug when only folding bills in half.  They fit, but it takes some effort to force even 5 bills folded in half.  However, being leather, this will age/stretch and start working better as it gets more use.great itemVery pleased with the necklace.  I have two dressy round neck tops with sterling silver bars spaced two inches apart and this necklace serves the purpose well.  I'm very satisfied with quality and price and a good match.  The necklace compliments the tops near perfectly as I wanted a choker style bar necklace.  A 13" inch chain would have been ideal and the bar a little wider and longer.  But the pros outweigh the preferences.Great board shorts, bright colors and well made.They were exactly what I wanted and I got them on time=)A little snug by the waist. I have to pull dress off over my head vs stepping out of it.I love them I've had the over a year now, They go with many outfits, perfect for all summer long..Ring was beautiful and the ring in the middle did move. Came way earlier than expected, although the chain was just big enough to fit only over a baby or toddlers head. Mine didn't come in a box like I've seen, it just came in a small plastic bag. Although if you are into Death Note, this necklace is pretty beautiful and great for a fan.I had pain in the arches of my feet for 39 years. I read about these shoes online and ordered a pair. Just in case, I inserted arch support inserts, and later discovered, they were unnecessary. Starting on Day 1, I had no arch pain whatsoever. It was a miracle! Who knew? Now, I can't be without them. They are even better than going barefoot. I use them to walk two hours everyday and whenever I will be on my feet for any length of time (daily!). After 3 1/2 to 4 months, I noticed the foot pain coming back and just ordered my second pair, upgrading to the Stabil CS2. Once again, arch pain disappeared and I take them camping every month now too, because they are kinder to the feet than my hiking boots on nomral terrain.

My gait is corrected, my alignment of my ankles, knees and hips is corrected. My posture is better and I even notice a difference in reduced hip or low back pain.

These shoes have been a Godsend and I hope Saucony never discontinues them.it was slightly smaller than i thought it would be, but still great! lots of pockets and plenty of room for everything. doesn't look or feel cheap for how much it cost. thanks! :)It was everything I expected .The hinge portion did not last very long.  I have to keep it closed with a rubber band.He was so excited about getting this jacket.  It fits perfectly, keeps him warm and dry, which is great! Good item.I'm a adult size 7.5/38, these socks fit fine, if just a tiny bit small. They look just like the photos and are very cuteSmaller than expected, but a a very pretty ring.The shoes are very comfortable. However if you have a narrow foot it might be too wide for you as you walk.Cute for it's purpose.  Made well.It was nice and unique,but the price could be a little lower for a canvas shoe...These are for my 4 year old, so I don't know about the comfort. However, he always asks to wear them and his feet do not have any red marks or blisters after wearing them all day. I also just ran them through the washing machine and they held up great!

UPDATE 9/15/2015: My son has been wearing these very regularly for 3.5 months. They have held up so well. The colors have not cracked or peeled and the sole still looks very good. He wears them in the river, to climb the playground, and for everyday wear. We have washed them on cold in our front-loader washing machine several times. The only thing I would change is the back strap: it isn't movable like other pairs of Crocs our family has owned.Great valueThese are one of the best comfortable sneakers I've bought.Very nice, soft socks.Great giftGreat product! Fast shipping!GoodThe bag is beautiful and big. Very roomy, fits all my necessities! I have gotten many compliments! I love this bagI love these.  This is my second pair.  I got one for my mom and now considering getting some other colorsRight sizeSUPER CUTE! But didn't fit :-( Would have ordered 10.5 if they carried it.Bought for my 5 year old daughter. She has been begging for light up shoes for a long time, and she really loves these. She is VERY particular about how her shoes fit; she likes them to fit very snugly and the velcro strap lets her get them as snug as she likes. She said the memory foam felt comfortable and she has had no trouble walking a fair distance in them. They fit her true to size, they are about the same size as all her other size 11 shoes.I love Clark's, but because I have a really high arch, it is difficult to find shoes that fit like a glove.  The material in this shoe is a bit ungiving.  I usually am between a 7 1/2 and an 8 medium, so I go with an 8 when buying Clarks..  So far, I have only been able to get the right shoe on - it was a huge struggle.  Once the shoes are on, there seems to be  plenty of room inside, at least enough so I can wear them a while to stretch them out.  Eventually, I am certain I will be able to wear them all day.

Two years ago, I bought two pair of Clarks - one in black and one in navy, same style.  They both were snug and after two years, the black pair is perfect . . . the navy pair are still a snug.  Probably because I do not wear them as often.  Being on his feet all day going from room to room, my physician wears Clarks.  He always looks great in them!Exactly what I needed to complete my formal ensambleIt already fraying after a month or so carried daily in my front pants pocket. Nothing some clear tape can't fix. Still, its a great little credit card holder, so minimal that you might lose it if not kept in a tight pocket!Shoes were to big but very nice, obviously well made and comfortable. I exchanged for .5 size smaller.It's very nice for Egyptian costume might be a little careful cuz you can Lose a bead quickly But it would be three good and good for the priceIf I could design my own ring, it would look like this one. it seriously looks so real! My mom thought that it was a real engagement ring! I got a lot of complimentsGreat liners: wool wicks moisture & keeps warmth in.Shirt fit well and was very smoothe and absorbent. Length time for delivery, I assume from Asia was several weeks, so I knocked of a star. If you can wait a month or more it's a nice shirt.New hair cut means new earrings.  I'm looking for  long danglies that aren't too "out there".  The feathers caught my eye, especially as they are on leverbacks.  I'm enjoying them a lot.  Being sterling silver, they have a nice heft without being heavy.Very goodThis back was perfect for my husband to use to throw his things in for work or travel.This shoe is pretty amazing.  I am one of those people with "flat feet" and this shoe provides great arch support.  I love to wear them on Saturdays to run errands because they are very comfortable.  Looks great with jeans!

-Atlanta, GACute, but they are a bit chunky so they make my legs look a little chubby. I love them, though.Def runs a little smaller bc there is no give to it bc of the material. BUT.. I love this jacket! So comfy and warm! I don't feel wind at all.. hood stays on good- and I can see. Favorite part is the sleeves... it has that wide open look but is really closed under (see pic) love!Received watches one day late. But watches are cool, Love it. Looks like on the picture.  Respectjust nice classic sperry, very durable, comfortable, the size fited perfectlyLove them! Will be buying another pair. I thought I was just buying them to wear to work, but I've been wearing them everyday. So comfortable, look great with jeans, and easy to slip on in a hurry.They do not fit but I love them. I have returned them because they were too big. I love the shoe though.GreatNice quality.
Colour brighter then showedVery comfortable.  It's a nice red and I've received lots of compliments.Great ShoesI received this tunic sooner than I was expecting, which is great. It's really cute, the material is ok..kinda thin though. Only issue is that it is a little snug fitting. I have purchased other merchandise from this vendor before and never had a problem before, so it must just be this cut. Other than that I'm happy with it.Great!!!Great little backpack. Love the colorsSweet, stylish, comfy VANELi.Great Watch... Loved itThis product is just what I expected, it was pretty easy to set the new code and the locks worked just fine on both my suitcases when I traveled internationally.

Price seems fair for the product quality.Feel greatProduct arrived on time and the glass was bright and beautiful. The little velvet bag they come in is a nice touch for gifting. Thank you!I love this bag!  It's durable, holds everything, the strap fits over my shoulder and is fashionable.  It doesn't hold my 17" MacBookPro unless I really stretch the padded computer area.  For daily use, I just put my pc next to the padded area instead. There's enough room on the inside to make this padded area larger, so I wish they would make it larger.some of the strings/seams are fraying but it's so comfy and very warmIt fits a bit small but I bought this for my sister and she just loves it!
She looked so beautiful in it.Old lady loves themGoodWife loves it as do I heheheheh Yes we love it and each other but thats as much as I will kiss and tell on Amazon. But definatley go and buy one for your wife, GF, friend w/benifits, whatever just do it. You both will love it!!Worth the money!  Love them!Great looking in my boyfriend. I usually wear a medium and ordered them for me, but I really should have ordered a large. At least my boyfriend wears small. I was able to give them to him.i am very happy with this purchase.  good quality all around...I was so satisfiedI just received this watch today, so I can't speak to its endurance, however, it works fine.  The date is too small to read but I don't depend on my watch for the date, so that doesn't matter to me.  If you want to clearly see the date, this isn't the watch for you.  Also, the casing, which appears gray in all the online photos of this watch, is actually black, without a hint of gray!  I liked the gray look so initially this bugged me, but not enough to send it back.I liked this cardigan. Color is true to the picture and it hangs nicely, but the bottom or the sleeves are a little wide.I was debating on getting these, but I'm so glad that I did! I love the details on the boots, and they fit great! I also was expecting them on 11/13 but they got to my house by 11/5 !I love these shoes.  I've used them for running & beach wear.  I could've used a size smaller but didn't bother with exchanging them.These are pretty much the most comfortable shoes ever. Right out of the box. I'm a huge shoe person and yet now I think of wearing these shoes first before many, many other awesome pairs that own. Oh, and they're very much in fashion at the moment so there's that, too. Totally getting another pair in a different style. Go Birkenstocks, who knew?Very good watch, nice design and very good locking. How it will work in the future I will see.
But for this price is ok. If you can't decide to buy it,trust BUY it. Good product and excellent price.Really good shoe. Needs some more break-in time but so far so good.Love it! It's comfy and warm! Just a tad big on my 8 mo old but he still wears it and will fit perfectly next month!One of my favorite outfits - super soft and stretchy. Looks better on baby that picture does justice. Mid-weight knit material - not heavy like a sweatshirtAlways gotta have a pair!Got this for my 3 year old to wear to a wedding.  He LOVES this suit and all the attention he gets when wearing it.  The jacket fits much larger than the pants and shirt which seem a little tight already.  Over all, happy with the purchase.like a lot. The toe box is a little tight, but otherwise great. I wish they landed a little lower on the shinVery warm and weatherproof coat. Bought it for a trip to the Northwest and we encountered a lot of cold and rain. The cost kept me warm and dry. The only negative is the good is too big and covers much of the face. I had to keep pushing it back to see.I am living in Germany and have been trying to get used to the cold.  This is my first pair of snow boots.  I lived in Florida for seven years.  Not only are they fashionable but very warm and comfortable.  One of my best purchases yet and they look great with skinny jeans.Hard to find capris that are not super tight and wearable outside of the gym. These fit the bill. Nice fit, medium weight and comfortable.These cloud steppers are very comfortable shoes and I am enjoying them.  I have them in 2 colors.Awesome. Looks just as described on the phone.
Looks rich in nature. Great sale price. I'm just fine with itI love these leggings! When you first pull them out of the bag they look tiny but with a couple funny wiggles getting them on they look great! I will buy more of these. I wish they had more colors!Could not find a Keen MJ I liked,  Second choice,and I am pleased.  Much better prince, but not the quality of Keen.I LOvE it! Its so frickin cute. I recommend. It fits gr8Well built, good looking , comfortable boots. Very good value. The only minor point is the arch support is a bit forward  ( I  have a high arch but with use this will not be a problem.They are not as waterproof as I hoped.These are great, comfortable shoes.  They fit just right.  I have not worn clogs before, so I am getting used to them.  Perfect casual shoe to wear with jeans, shorts, or skirts.beautiful dressWife loves them, would have been 5 stars but they have a very strong odor.must haveThese shoes are awesome! They are exactley what i was expecting and then some. These shoes are very comfortable and i love the way they look.comfortable, looking to buy another pack!It's 'OK'  but I won't buy again.  It shrinks horribly when washed.  It was good for two wearings when brand new on my vacation, then after laundering, was thrown out..  horrible....Will definitely purchase these bad boys over and over again!!! Great quality for a great price.The fit is good but material is thin.  I think the summer months would be better for these scrubs due to them being so "light".Cups do not run small. Seriously. Wtf were the other people talking about!? Im a 32 DD (natural) and i got a 32D as per suggested. Nope! Minimal stretch to fabric. Ordering next size up. Super sexy.With winter here, a simple statement piece for any outfit is a scarf/muffler/snood.  Teamed with a sweet knitted cap for daywear, or to offset a simple evening outfit, this has the soft, luxurious feel of fur, without being "too warm". Great for Aussie winters, when all you need is a little extra warmth, with style.This is the 3rd pair of 541s, all same dimensions  and it feels like the the 3rd different size. The blue jeans were great, loose fitting. The gray pants were more straight legged. The black pair are almost like skinny jeans. Not as ridiculous as true skinny jeans, just not loose fitting at allGood top for the moneyI ordered a medium because of reviews saying it runs small. I'm 5'3" about 110-115 lbs. I should have ordered a small like I usually wear.I originally received the wrong color glasses. I ordered the white ones and received ones that were more of a pearl or sandy color. Island In The Sun agreed to send the correct color. I do have to say though, the lenses on these things are very good. They aren't too dark and they aren't too light. I used them on a cloudy day where the sun still was shining through enough to put glare on everything. I put these glasses on and they totally eliminated the glare and made everything clearer. Even when it started raining, everything was clearer and you almost couldn't even tell there were rain drops on windshield. I tested not using my wipers for a few miles on the highway and to my surprise they worked great and I could see perfectly fine without the use of wipers. I wouldn't suggest doing this when its dark and raining but it worked really well when it was partly sunny and raining.Small but because I like the color and fabric I am reordering in a larger size.I ordered a large expecting it to be too small manufactured in Asia but it actually seems to run truer to size, Im exchanging for a medium. Im a slender 34D.Love it! Giving as gift and it looks like a $300 item.Real good glasses: stylish,combination of metal and plastic, warm brown glas with natural colors.
Simply good.I was very pleased with the dress. It was true to color. It fitted me very nicely. Just need to be careful because the material can easily snag.they literally go with EVERYTHING.. they're super cute and very comfy.. .it's the best way to wear heels!Excellent shirt...I bought for my girlfriend and fits greatPretty and just the right amount of bling.NiceReceived  item alot quicker than shipping said I would get it. I bought this item to be a prop for my photography, and I am super excited to use it! It is gorgeous! Does seem made a little cheap but truthfully not too bad.It looks just like it does in the picture. Its very vibrant and nice and full. I would totally buy this item again in one of their other colors. My Daughter loves itNice comfortable shoes.Love this bra.  I'm a full-figured person, and every single one of my other bras rolls up at the bottom back strap.  This bra stays put, doesn't roll, provides excellent support and is very comfortable.  I'm ordering another one right now.looks greatvery good shoe for price-best  I have foundCute and seems durable. She likes it.Love having this case for my prescription sunglasses, which are rather large.  I clip it to the outside of my purse and its always available.Pretty cool!  Things fit in very neatly and folds up compact.
Thank you for the Tips Guide that came along with it.OkLove them! Exactly what I was looking for :)These shoes offer great arch support! I have to stand 12 hours a shift. If you wear thick socks like Thorlo be sure to go up a size or two. The width was fine the length was a smidgen short even after I ordered them a half size large to accommodate my socks. The sole is a bit stiffer than your average tennis shoe but hasn't presented any real problems. I would probably purchase again.Just love this brand. Great for the money.Great Watch.. worth money... No Guarantee card. .. works perfect.. looks great ... can be used as both formal and casual wear..
Please help..dont knw wat to do if any repair required...Fit as expected.Superfast shipping, great packaging, the product was exactly as described. I am going to get a pair for my wife too!I just got this today and it's just what I was looking for. I am a 34c and usually wear a size medium top and a size 10 fits well ( an 8 might work, but I think it would be a little snug for my taste). I love the look and think this is even cuter than it appears online. One thing to note is that the dark stripes in it are dark navy, not black as I thought they appeared to be online. I originally thought I would wear a solid black bottom instead of the striped bottom in the Nautica line, but that will not work so now I am getting navy to match, but I really love this tankini!Dad loved itThese sandals are so adorable and everyone like them but you will start to slide down more and more if you wearing them longer than a few hours.First i bought the 12 month but it was a bit small. So i replaced it with the 18 month and it was great. Love it and its cutePurchased for my grandson for a high mountain trip this summer.  it fit wellBought these for trap and started wearing them when driving at twilight or during rain. For the price you can't go wrong.I love this boot. I ordered the size I normally wear in shoes and it is just a little big - which is perfect for thick socks or to tuck my jeans into. I also have large thighs and they fit great. My only issue is that the lining inside slips while you walk in them.This is a replacement for an identical hat that I've had for at least seven years but got left hanging in a hotel room in Amsterdam and couldn't be found afterwards.They are a little snug. I wore them under my jeans sl they stayed on fine.I originally bought a gorgeous ball gown from David's Bridal. But due to changes in our wedding plans and life situations, we decided to go to city hall instead. So now I needed a dress that would be more appropriate for a court wedding.  I had ordered  from eBay a high-low dress but when I tried it on, even though it was nicely made and pretty, I just didn't feel anything at all when I wore it. No goosebumps, no butterflies, no emotions at all.  (I will have to re-sell it). So when I started looking (again) for dresses, I had to keep as low of a price in mind.  I came upon this one. I saw the reviews and the pictures posted by the customers. So I gave it a go and hoped for the best. 1st of all, I received it before the delivery date. So that's great. 2nd the dress is more of an off white/light ivory color and the mesh is white. But it all looks great together. The back flap that covers the lace up area moves out of place a bit, but sewing some little snap-on buttons to hold it in place can fix that. The bust area does run big. And it is a bit long on me, I'm 5'5". So, I'll have to get it hemmed and taken in. But I rather do that than get a smaller size that won't fit at all, or struggle later to loose a few pounds to fit in it.  Anyways, once I put it on, I was like YESSSS! This is it!!! It's so sexy, yet elegant. And I do feel like a bride in it. My 6 yr old saw me trying it on and he told me "you look so pretty, daddy's gonna love it."  I'm thinking of getting a sash/belt for it to give it a bit of a bling.
I'm so excited about this dress. It's beautiful and the price is awsome. If the bust wasn't so big, it would definitely get a 5 star from me. If you're looking for a beautiful and sexy dress at an affordable price, then this is the dress. I can't wait to wear it.Very cool, but batteries drain quickly.This product showed up with a stain on it. I'm not sure how that happened, but costumer service was great and helpful. Would still recommend the product. Fit was true to size.I'm a 38DD and I've had the hardest time finding something like this to wear under spaghetti strap dresses.  Let me just tell you, these are AMAZING and they stay put.  I want them in all the colors! I even sleep in them.  I highly recommend them!We looked great for a family photo!As I expected, some of these are really pretty and some aren't quite to my tastes.  I'm okay with that since I did expect this to be the case, so I'm happy with the purchase.  I like the fabric, and I like that I can use them as short scarves or as hair scarves.  They look nice, and it's a  nice price for so many scarves, too.It fits just right! No problems what so ever with the fabric being too uncomfortable or the colors being to dull.This fit our son perfectly for his baptism. We used this under his baptismal outfit so he could wear this comfortably to his reception at home afterward. It was soft and fit him great, he is a little on the chunky side in the legs. The quality was excellent and it was a comfortable item that can also be a keepsake for baby's special day.This is a great versatile shirt that can be used as an undershirt or as a stylish v-neck. The material is very comfortable and is quality.Would be 5 stars, but the odd smell took some time to air out. Seriously, I had to leave this bag outside for 3 days to get rid of the chemical smell. My husband thought the smell was the pest control guy's recent visit until I had him smell my bag. Now that the smell is gone, I love this bag. My new favorite color!!Great quality & design.Other than being a little short in the length, the shoe is perfect. Light weight and for the most part comfortable. Around the big toe, it feels like you're walking on steel, but rest of the sole is softGreat clothesWhen you have a size 14 foot the selection of shoes, especially sport shoes, is very limited.  So i am left to order on line without being able to try them on.  This shoe fits very well.  I used them on Sunday and I only wish my game was as comfortable as these shoes.Awesomenessmy daughter is wearing two of these kind and so i bought one for my son. He loves itI loved this dress! I bought it for a winter wedding and I received many compliments on the style. I am 5'3 and I ordered a size small (I normally wear an x-small) because I had never ordered anything from this company and everyone says to order big if you don't know a designer's fit. Now I wish I would've ordered my size because they're fit is dead on to their size chart! Made out of great material and the dress was very good quality. I want more now!